Date: 1961-01-23
Title: Be Not Afraid
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: It Is I
Location: American Legion Hall
Duration: Beaumont, TX, 114 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 61-0123

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 So good to be here again tonight. We just had a wonderful time yesterday, and I've been living in the atmosphere of the yesterday's meeting all day today. So I'm happy to be in the service of the Lord tonight. Now, with so many waiting, or standing rather, that I should say standing, rather, that--we're sorry that we don't have the adequate room for seating, but we know that, if you'll just be patient with us a little while, the Lord will certainly reward you. I hope He does, and I'm sure He will, because He always rewards those who are patiently and tho... "They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength, and they shall mount up with an--wings like an eagle." Now, the last few nights, or days, I just been preaching kinda to you and having the small calling lines, and so forth. I kinda believe I owe it to the sick people tonight to pray for the sick, because there so many of them here, and I told the boys to give out some prayer cards this afternoon. I guess they did, or did they? Did they? That's fine, all right. We'll... Thank you, Brother Gene. We will call them up just in a few moments. I asked Brother Moore to speak for me tonight. Only thing I'd have to do is come in, pray for the sick. Did you do it? Anybody want a job following me, speaking for me? Oh, around on the...?... Oh, my. Well, I am...

L-2 These handkerchiefs here that's sent up here to be prayed over, now, we reverently believe in praying for these cloths. Now, we remember that this is a Bible doctrine to pray over these cloths. Now, many people anoint them with oil and send them back to the patients. We send thousands of them a month around the world. And if you don't have one in here, if you just write our office why, we'll sure send it to you free of charge, no charges for anything we do. So... In the Bible, if you'll bear with me, I believe, Scripturally, Paul never prayed over them or anointed them; they taken from his body. I believe Paul was Scriptural, don't you think so? Would you like to know where I think he got that from? Elijah one time, when a baby was dead, Elijah said to Gehazi, "Take my staff and go, lay it on the child." Now, Elijah knew that the Holy Spirit upon him, and everything he touched was blessed. And he said, "Take this staff and lay it on the baby." I think there's where Paul got the idea of laying--taking handkerchiefs and aprons from his body, because I wouldn't think that Saint Paul would do anything unscriptural. So he sent... Now, we realize, that we're not Saint Paul. But He's still Jesus. See? He's still God. So God, being no respect of persons, He sends your pastors, and evangelists, and things along, that you might have the same faith in the same God that Saint Paul represented. And then if we have the same ministry that Saint Paul had, the same things take place in our ministry, take places--took place in Saint Paul's meeting.

L-3 Now, just before we--or tonight before we start praying for the sick, I--I want to lay hands on those handkerchiefs and pray for them. Many times... I've got pictures, you notice in the books there, from South Africa where they had, I believe sixteen or eighteen grass sack fulls. One nights service, just great big, we call them, I guess they're burlap sacks and stuffed full of handkerchiefs and letters and things. And one of the reporters said, "Brother Branham's very superstitious, he was praying over cloths," handkerchiefs. That they don't know the Scripture; that's all. They're lovely people; they just don't understand. That's the way a lot of it is today; they're all nice people, but many times just don't understand. So we just bear with that...?...

L-4 So then we are glad to minister in any way. Now, if you write up to Jeffersonville, just tell them, it'll be a cloth that I prayed over. I can't send a handkerchief; they're too expensive. Been sending thousands of them a month. I take a ribbon and cut them off and pray over these ribbons, and then some sister over in Illinois makes me little cloths about like that, not very expensive, oh, I think--I forget what they pay a hundred for them. And we get them by the great big boxes, and I take those and pray over them. And then there's a letter made up; we have a chain circle around the earth. The entire earth is encircled with this. We have more miracles done by them cloths than we have right in the meeting, because we're ea--meach more--reach more people.

L-5 I like to tell this. I know it's taking a lot of your time, but a few days--oh, it's not a few days, few--about two years 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min ago, there was one sent to Germany, and on the cloth it says, "If your--your pastor is a believer, call him in. If you've done any sin, confess it, make everything right. God will not heal, only under conditions. See? So call your pastor in, and if you've did any wrong, confess it. The Bible said, 'Confess your faults one to another; pray one for the other that you might be healed. For the effectual fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much.'" And I say, "If you're--if you have no pastor that believes in healing, maybe you got a neighbor that believes in healing, some member of the church, someone that you can talk to and--and confide in." And this little German woman called in some neighbor women and she said, "If I've done anything wrong, I'm willing to make it right; I know nothing about it." She'd been an invalid in a wheelchair for twenty some odd years. So they prayed and took the handkerchief out of the letter, laid it on the little German woman, and on the back of the page where they give the translation of her testimony, she said, "Now, old man devil, you've been in me long enough, so get out." She just get up out of that wheelchair and went walking on. Now, it's just that. Yes, sir. "Old man devil, you've held me long enough. Now, get out of me," and just got right up and walked away. Now, that's just how simple it is.

L-6 Brother Jack Moore and I on the--one of our first missions going west (Haven't thought of this for a long time.), we were praying for the Indians out in Saint Carlos. Yes, was you thinking of that? Well, maybe the Lord wants me to say something about it. We had been down with the Spanish people, the first time I'd ever prayed for Indians, and there was an alcoholic and a tuberculosis come into the meeting in Phoenix, at the Byrd High School Auditorium. And when I seen them bring them Indians on the platform, my heart always went out for Indians anyhow. Well, I think they got a rough deal out of this American situation. So then--so that... I asked the Lord if He'd heal those two Indians, and make it definitely heal them, then I'd go back to the reservation. Before I got to California there was somebody there let me know that they were both healed. So we had to go back up on the reservation, and I remember going in there, and speaking to those Indians, those Apaches, great big, strong people there setting around everywhere. And I said, "Now, I know how you must feel." I said, "I think it's wrong to send billions of dollars overseas for them to build up airplanes, and make bombs, and come back and blow us out with it (That's right.) when thousands of these Indians die every year from starvation on the prairie." It--it's a stain on our flag to do a thing like that. After all, this land belongs to them; we just pushed them back. What would we think if the Japs come over here and pushed us back, or something like that? Same feeling. Remember they're human.

L-7 I said, "All of that I cannot help. I'm just one American; I'm just one person that votes just like you do and got the same rights that you have and all," but I said, "I'm not here to tell you about this nation. I'm here to tell you about Somebody that will give you a square deal; that's Jesus Christ." And I remember when we called the prayer line, a Indian's kind of a funny fellow, you know, so's there's nobody come in the prayer line. Used to be you'd ha--we'd have to take and fight them away with great gangs of ushers. We called the prayer line; there was nobody come. I looked around at Brother Jack, and he looked at me. Finally the interpreter went back... What was that woman's name there that had that mission out there on that... I--I believe she belongs to the Assemblies of God, yes; I forget her name now. But however, I was on her church steps... What? Mitchell, Mrs. Mitchell. Many of you Assembly of God people might remember. And she... We stood out on the steps with loud speakers, and it was just looked like the old covered wagon days to see them setting around with that sun going down. And all the old chiefs, and the little Indians all around it, just sorted out in there, all around over that Saint Carlos river bank.

L-8 And then, after while, this interpreter, they got all time to do anything in, you know. So just went back in, brought out an Indian woman. Well, as soon as she came out, great big, wide wrists, couldn't speak a word of English, looked me in the face. I watched her a few minutes there; I said, "The woman has a venereal disease. It's not because that she's immoral, but the way she's had to live." And she looked at me real strangely, and that interpreter got that to it, she nodded her head, "That's right." So the next come out was a little girl, and she kept her head down. And I said, "Now, this little girl," I said, "she belongs to one of the-the great men in the tribe, and she had a fever; it made her go both deaf and dumb. She's been deaf and dumb for over two years; she hasn't spoke or heard anything." I said, "Now, all of you know this little girl, 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min because she's right here on the reservations." I said, "Now, Jesus Christ loves the Indians; He will heal the Indian." Laid hands, and I thought, "Lo..." I said, "Don't interpret this." And so I prayed, "Lord, give me a favor with these people." And I prayed for the little girl, and I got down to her. And if you ever heard Apache language, oh, my... So I said, "Hear me?" She turned around looked at me, and that little old black hair, little dirty face, and she looked up at me, and I said, "Hear me?" She said... [Brother Branham imitates the girl talking--Ed.] And I said, "She'll talk better." And her mother turned around and said, "Hmmm, her talk heap good now." So I said, "Well..."

L-9 And next, they had a little old boy; they pushed him out of that little building. His little old hair as coarse as a mane on a horse, and head down, and I said, "Well..." I let the little boy look up at me; I said, "He's got crossed eyes, hasn't it?" And the mother was kinda rough, she just grabbed him by the top of the head and pulled his hair back, eyes back, and his little eyes setting in like that. I said, "Wonder if I could get..." He was scared of me. So I had a piece of chewing gum; I made friends with him, let him smell it, you know, kept his head down, get him smelling it, them little crossed eyes looking around. I picked him up and got him in my arms and I thought, "God, if You ever helped me, let it be now." If I can just find favor with them, then they'll believe. See? I had him on my little shoulder, little head on my shoulder, and I said, "Lord, I pray that you'll straighten his eyes." I said, "Now, you raise your heads." I said, "Now, before I let the child leave my shoulders, if his eyes is not straight I'm a false prophet. If his eyes is straight, then you believe I've come with a message from Jesus Christ for you." I turned him around like this, and you talk about a prayer line, there was a stampede. Dust flying and everybody try... Well, we couldn't get... No one could get in line, they just fighting, and pushing, and hollering, and jumping over one another. And so...

L-10 The really, the next was an old Indian woman coming from the back, and there was a little bitty, stout, about eighteen year old boy was--he--he just climbed over all of it; he was pretty strong; he got next in line. And I said, "Son, you--you--you're--you're not next, this old woman's next." I couldn't make him understand it. And Brother Jackson pretty good little man himself, you know, carpenter, so he just got the little lad and pulled him out of the way. Here come that old Indian woman; I never forget that as long as I live. Her crutches was made out of two broom sticks with some--a piece of wood tacked over the top and rags wrapped on it, to pad. And she couldn't... It must've been an arthritis condition, and she put these two sticks out. She looked to be at least eighty. And she put these two sticks out, and she'd make a step, and then--then she'd set the other... I just stood real still, and she walked right up like this to me, and she was shaking, like that, and she looked up at me like that. Oh, my. I seen them old plaited hair, gray you know, them old deep wrinkles in her cheeks, and the tears cutting away through like the--the river there, going down, dropping off her face like that, and I thought, "Somebody's mother... No doubt, that old feeble hand there wrinkled up, has stroked the tears back out of a many crying baby's eyes, the hardships she's went through." She just stood and looked at me and never opened her mouth and said a thing. All at once she just started smiling, reached down and got a hold of one crutch, and one with the other one, handed them over to me and went walking out of there as good as anybody else, no prayer or nothing, she just believed. You remember...

L-11 And along about, I guess it was nearly daylight, I'd been there all night, and that--about four o'clock. Four o'clock in the morning, that's before sundown that afternoon. We had been praying all that night till four o'clock the next morning. I noticed all the Indians coming in, was wet way up around in here, I said, "What's the matter with them?" And she said, "Well, at first they thought you were false," but said, "now," said, "the ford's a way down." But said, "They run out into the prairies, and got their loved ones, and they're wading across the river at midnight packing their loved ones over to be prayed for." They'll rise in the judgment with the generation of white people and condemn them any time, that some of these people that won't even darken the door to a meeting.

L-12 And so I remember one instance there, I... Just excuse me for taking the time. But "Faith cometh by hearing." We overcome by the Word of the--of our testimony. And this was a very outstanding case. There was an old Indian, they'd 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min a board like this and it had four sticks across this board, didn't have a stretcher to put the old fellow on, so they let him lay his arms up here, just as gray as he could be, and his knees across the other part of the board. And there was two great big fellows packing him, just as wet as they could be. And I said to one of the fellows; he was next in line coming up; I said, "You speak English?" "A little." I said, "Aren't you afraid you take pneumonia?" "Nope." Said, "Jesus Christ has take care of me; I brought my dad. Hmmm." I said, "You believe Jesus Christ will heal your dad?" "Yep. That's why I brought him." Said, "All right." Passed him by, I said, "Pass him by." I just laid hands upon the old fellow, that plaited hair laying there and shaking like this, you know. I laid my hands upon him; I said, "God, be merciful to him; heal him for Christ's sake." "Take him on." I said, "Let the next come." They come across like that. Few minutes I heard a great rally out there amongst them Indians; you just couldn't see from end of the lights for Indians. Looked out there, the old man had the board on his own shoulder going along waving at everybody.

L-13 See? We try to make it too complicated. We reach plumb over the top of it trying to find it. See? We try to make it some mysterious thing when it's just simple. The more simple you are, better off you'll be. Just don't jump at it, try to press yourself; just receive it; it's just that easy. You go--you jump over it trying. That's what our theologians do: jump over the top of it trying to find what's setting right next to you. See? So simple. The Bible said even a fool shouldn't err like. That's right. It's so simple, the Gospel.

L-14 Oh, I tell you I--when we cross the other side I just wonder what it'll be when we get over there. Here... A airplane can stop, somebody aboard say, "Brother Branham, I was suffering with so and so when..." Over here at train station, down... I was way up at Northern British Columbia, had been back on a hunting trip after a meeting. And I had beard that long, and hadn't took a bath for four weeks, I--I--I smelt like the horse, and I was just... We had twenty-one head of horses back in there, and so we just had to stay with them horses all the time, and I come out and I was pulling up on the paniers, an old flop down hat from them rains and snows, and whiskers about that long, turning gray, and--and just--just dirty as could be. And we stopped at a little place called East Pines, way back up in the Northern British Columbia on the Hallocane Highway. And I seen some Indians coming by, them white moccasins on and walking like that, and I seen a little red face woman kept looking at me. I don't know whether she was Eskimo or Indian. She kept looking at me like this. And I just looked around. I don't see how she ever seen my face, the beard out all like that. I pulled up the paniers, and I felt somebody tap me on the shoulder. I turned around; she said, "Pardon me, aren't you Brother Branham?" I said, "Yes, ma'am." I said, "How did you ever know me?" She said, "I see your picture." I said, "Where?" She said, "The dog sled passes through once a year, and it brought your book called, 'The Prophet Visits Africa.'"

L-15 Brother Rasmusson, did you ever hear of him? He lost the key to his car, and I went in at Dawson Creek. Oh, it's a big city, about five hundred, six hundred people. And right at the beginning of Hallocane Road, and I seen a big key sign, and I said, "Maybe I can get the man to make a key." There stood an old sourdough, oh, my, his face, his nose big as the end of my hand nearly, swollen, red, big parka on, and I asked this man; I said, "Could you make a key for a car?" He said, "No, sir, I can't." I said, "Thank you." I stepped out; I felt somebody turn me around. Look and this--looked like little bitty eyes set back behind all that fur. That man looked me in the face; he said, "Yea, I believe I'm right." I said, "What do you mean, sir?" Said, "You're Brother Branham, aren't you?" I said, "Yes, sir. How'd you know me?" He just started crying, the tears run off that beard, hugged me like that. He said, "I'm your brother." He said, "I got one of your books. I got seven or eight shacks on my trap line, takes me two weeks 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min to make it around with a dog sled." Said, "By candlelight a many night I knelt down by an old grease candle out there in them places and prayed for you." He said, "I got the baptism of the Holy Ghost," he said, "I'm your brother." When we all get to heaven, What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, We'll sing and shout the victory. Won't we? My, my. Around the world, everywhere, God has His children. Get on a steamship and start somewhere... I was over in Jamai... Oh, I just stop, that's--we just stand and keep testifying. Wherever they are, whatever walks of life, somewhere somebody's heard about the power of God to heal the sick.

L-16 I wish tonight not... I'm not going to preach because I want to pray for the sick tonight. But just to get you accustomed now to the--to the meeting for the next fifteen minutes or so, I want to call your attention to a Scripture found in Saint Matthew the 14th chapter and the 27th verse. And I would now that you'd just be as reverent as possible. See? Listen now and catch on to the words. How many's here has never been in one of the meetings before, let's see your hands. Oh, my, we all couldn't get in the place at one time, it's... So nearly half the crowd has never been in the meeting before. We certainly welcome you here, my pilgrim brother and sister. We are fellow citizens with you in this great Kingdom of God, enjoying His economy of the Presence of God and the baptism of the Holy Spirit. I... As praying for the sick, I do not claim to be a healer, there's only one Healer; that's God. And we're just sent as His servants. But I do claim that Jesus Christ is coming right away. I'm looking for Him. If He doesn't come tonight, I'll be looking for Him in the morning. If He doesn't come this week, I'll look for Him next week. If He doesn't come this year, I'll be looking for Him next year. I want to be ready when He comes.

L-17 And I believe that He promised, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so would it be in the coming of the Son of man." And we find out that in Sodom the--there was a--a--a sinners, a bunch of sinners, Sodomites. Then there was a bunch of Christians, lukewarm believers which represented the church living among them. Lot and his people, holiness people, sins of the city vexed his righteous soul... Then there was an elected group which Abraham had, called out. And each one of them received a sign. And I believe that the sign that the Angel of the Lord did, manifested in flesh there, was the sign of the manifestation of Christ in His church at the last days. Now, Jesus said, Saint John 14:12, "The works that I do, shall you do also." He also said, "A little while and the world (the world order) will see Me no more; yet ye shall see Me (The church, the believers, the called out, the elected.), for I ('I,' not someone else but 'I,' personal pronoun.), I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world." Hebrews 13:8 said, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." Then if He is the same today as He was then, He's the same Saviour, the same Healer, the same High Priest, the same Lord, He's just as He was then, only instead of being in a corporal body named Jesus, God is living in His church, your body, my body, that He sanctified with His own Blood that He might cleanse us by the washing of the water by the Word and present to God a church without spot or wrinkle. That He... "The works that I do shall he do... These signs shall follow them that believe," the supernatural.

L-18 All right. In Matthew 14:27... And straightway Jesus said unto them,... Be not afraid--be of a good cheer; it is I; be not afraid. "Be not afraid; it is I." Now, carry that in your mind now reverently and you especially that's sick. And you that's not saved, hasn't come into the fellowship of the Spirit yet, carry that in your mind, and I'll hurry just quick as I can, call the prayer line.

L-19 Watch this conversation. Let's break in, and now make a little drama out of it so the young folks can catch it. The sun had just set, or was setting across the horizon in the west when its last glimpse is on the Sea of Galilee. I can see the brawny muscles of the big fisherman as he was pushing the little boat by the stern, as the bow of it pushed out into the water, the people standing on the banks waving and crying. As he finally got the little boat off the gravel, into the water, climbs up to the middle of the boat where his brother Andrew was setting by the side of an oar, and took his place... They'd make a stroke or two and then wave to the people on the bank, stroke or two and wave to the people on 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min the bank.

L-20 After while as dusk begin to set in, they were out of sight now, and it must've been young John; he was the youngest among them. It must've been he that waited a moment, stopped his oaring for just a few moments to catch a breath, as they had quite a distance yet to go across Galilee. And when he stopped to get his breath, he must've said something like this, as he wiped the perspiration from his face, said, "Brethren, we can rest assure that the Man that we're following is not a fake. Today when I stood over His shoulder and watched Him take those little fishes and break them in two, and watch, no sooner than He broke, there come another part of a cooked fish out. And I see Him take that bread, and break that bread, and hand to the brethren. Every time He broke a piece of bread off, no sooner than His hand left, there was another piece of bread there." I want to ask you, what kind of an atom did He turn loose? Not wheat, bread already baked. It bypassed the oven, like He did His first miracle in Canaan. That water would've eventually become wine, it went up through the vines into the grape, crushed out, become wine. But He bypassed all of that; He was a Creator Himself. So in the great resurrection He will bypass papa, mama give birth to this. He will speak and we'll come from the dust, like He did Lazarus.

L-21 And John must've said, "You know, today has been a day that's settled all doubts in my mind. No matter how much that the rabbis and the teachers of this day say that He isn't God, I know He is. For I remember my mother reading me out of the sacred Scriptures, in the scrolls of Exodus, how that when they were hungry, like these people were today, God brought bread down out of heaven, and laid it up on the ground. So when I seen, I said to mother, 'Mother, has God got a big oven up there to break--bake that bread?' She said, 'No honey, God is a Creator.' And when I seen Him break that bread again today, I knowed that was that same Creator. Did not He look like Jehovah when He stood there looking upon the multitude and breaking this bread and passing it out? I was minded of the Bible stories that my mother used to read to me about Jehovah feeding His people bread out of the heavens. And today Jehovah remains the same, 'cause today, brethren, we have seen Jehovah break bread and give it to His people again and multiply. He surely must be what He says He is, the Son of God."

L-22 And as the young John was stopped then a moment by Simon Peter who always had to say something, and he said, "Well, while we're resting a moment, I'd like to give my personal testimony being that John has give his. I remember when Andrew, my brother setting here, used to tell me, 'You should go down and hear a prophet preach, predicting that there is coming a Messiah.' And I said, 'What kind of clothes does he wear?' Said, 'He had a sheepskin around him, come out of the wilderness; he's the Elijah that was spoke of to come; I believe it.'" "Then one day he come back and told me about another man coming down, a young fellow about his age and all about some kind of a mystic light over the top of him or something." And said, "This prophet said he heard a voice saying, 'This is My beloved Son.' How do I know what to believe what that prophet said? I never heard him, don't know nothing about him, so I just dismissed the whole thing as a bunch of nonsense, and I thought my brother had went off on the deep end."

L-23 "But one day He came down to the seaside. And I thought, 'Well, I believe I'll walk up there; it ain't very much out of my way. I'll walk up and see what this Fellow's got to say.' No sooner than I walked up there I knowed there was something different about that Man. And I said one thing before I went up there. I remember my old daddy; he was a great old Pharisee as all you brethren know. And I remember when we used to fish out here in the sea. He was very religious. I remember before going out he'd say, 'Simon, my little son, let us kneel and ask Jehovah Who owns all the fish, that He will fill our nets tonight with fishes, for I need it. We need bread at home. And I--we have need of some fishes, so let's pray, Simon.' How we used to kneel on the bank and pray."

L-24 "I watched him when his hair begin to slip away, turning gray. Finally one day he set down on the side of the boat after a big catch, that God had answered prayer, and he said, 'Simon, my little boy, daddy's getting old, and I must answer my summons pretty soon on high. I've always prayed, Simon, that I'd live to see the day when the Messiah appeared. Now, Simon, there's no doubt but what there'll be lot of confusion in that day. There'll be all kinds of things falsely rise up just before that coming Messiah. But I want you to be... I believe you'll see it, Simon. So I--I want you to be sure of one thing, Simon, don't never accept it 'less it's got the sign of the Messiah. Be sure that that Messiahic sign 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min is Scriptural. And now here, Simon, here's how you're going to know Him.'" "And I remember setting on his knee and looking in his eyes as they quivered and filled with tears. 'Papa, what will He look like?' "'He will just be an ordinary Man and perhaps not liked amongst our people. He will be a Man of sorrow, acquainted with grief. He will be rejected and despised. But, Simon, they'll be many man rejected and despised, but this Man will be a prophet, for Moses said, 'The Lord your God shall raise up a prophet liken unto me.'" Moses was a perfect type of Christ, lawgiver, priest, deliverer, so forth, as the Bible reads of him. "And Moses said that God told him that they'd raise up a prophet like him, and this will be more than a prophet. He will be a God prophet. And you'll remember him, oh, Moses, as all of our people have--or you'll remember him, Simon, as all of our people does know prophets are sent from God. And prophets have--he is a revelator of the Divine Word. He's a Divine interpreter of the Divine Word. And if this prophet says something and God backs it up, then that prophet's from God. Because if he says something that's the Word of God, a promise of God, and God turns around by that prophet and backs it up and says it's true, then you hear Him, 'cause that's our commission, Simon. Don't be deceived, Simon. But now, Simon, when you see them things comes to pass, you watch this prophet.'"

L-25 "And that day all that seemed to flash back to me, for my dad's been dead for years. But when I walked up there, begin to look at that little Fellow, no beauty we should desire, we hid as it was, our face, I thought, 'That's just exactly what dad told me the Scripture said about Him. No different from any other man, looked just like other men.' But when I walked up into His face, He looked straight at me and said, 'Your name is Simon. And your father's name is Jonas.' Not only did He know me, but He knowed that godly old father of mine that had passed on. I fell at His feet, said, 'You are the Messiah.'" Said, "That settled it for me. For I know my daddy had taught me the Scriptures, that that would be the sign of the Messiah."

L-26 Must've been Philip about that time said, "Yes, Simon, I was standing seen that. You know what I done? I took around the hill to find our brother Nathanael setting up here. Nathanael, remember it?" "Oh, yes, Philip, well, I remember it." "I remember I went around the mountain, and I--I found Nathanael a praying under a tree. And I said, 'Nathanael, come, see Who we have found, Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of Joseph.' And you remember what you said, Nathanael?" "Well do I remember. I said, Could there be any good thing come out of Nazareth amongst them holy-rollers, or whatever you want to call it. There be any Messiah coming, He'd come up here to Caiaphas the high priest. He'd come make Himself known to our organization. So there couldn't be anything raised up down there in there that, any son of Joseph or so forth, could ever be any Messiah. And you remember, I remember what you told me too, Philip." What was it? "Said, 'Come and see.'" That's the best idea. Don't stay home and criticize, come, find out for yourself. Come, examine it by the Word, see if it's right. That's good theology. Come, see for yourself. Said, "Yes, I remember it." And said, "You remember what we talked about coming along, Nathanael?" The boat was rocking along, the little waves now going across the sea. "Yeah, I remember."

L-27 They was all giving their personal testimony about Jesus, what they thought of Him. And so, he said, "Yes, well do I remember, yes I remember. We was talking about you Simon, yeah. I..." He said, "You remember that old fisherman that couldn't even sign his own name on a receipt for your fish?" "Yeah." Said, "He told him who he was and who his father was. Now, you know Nathanael, that you're a scholar, and you know the Bible says that the Messiah will be a God prophet; we'll know Him by the sign of a prophet." "Yes, I remember that. And I remember you told me He might tell me who I was when I come before Him. Oh, I remember that." "Well now, Nathanael, you want to testify from here out?" "I certainly do, brethren." Oh, my. When you've ever met Jesus you like to tell about it.

L-28 I can see him stand up in the little boat and say, "Brethren, I walked up there; I wondered what that Man... I'd 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min heard Philip talk about Him and I thought, 'Well, surely Philip wouldn't tell me anything wrong.' I got there, saw a little group of people." Oh, perhaps maybe what's like here tonight, or something. Said, "A little group of people standing along." Maybe it was in a prayer line. "And when I got up before Him, He looked at me and He said, 'Behold, an Israelite, in whom there's no guile.' And I thought, 'Now, that's strange, I never saw Him before, and He never saw me before. So how does He know that I'm an Israelite? How does He know? I could be a Arab; I could be a Greek; why, we all dress alike, so how'd He know I was a Israelite and had no guile; I was a--a just, honest man?' So I said to Him, 'Rabbi,' I didn't want to disregard, disrespect Him. So I said, 'Rabbi, how did You ever know me? You've never seen me, and You don't know me. This is the first time we met, so how did You know me?'" "He said, 'Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you.'" "Yes," said Philip, "I remember what you done, you fell at His feet and said, 'Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel.'" Say, you remember Rabbi Lavinski over there, what he said? He said, 'Now, look, congregation, don't you believe that stuff; that's Beelzebub; that's the devil in that man, doing that. He's a fortuneteller. See? You remember what Jesus said to him? He said, 'I forgive you for that, but someday the Holy Ghost is coming, and He will do the same thing, and if you speak a word against it, it'll never be forgiven you in this world, neither in the world to come.' Remember that?" "Yes, yes, remember that."

L-29 Must've been Andrew, setting by the side of Peter, then, said, "Can I testify, brethren?" "Yes." Said, "I want to speak for the whole group of us." Said, "When that day when we were going down to Jericho from Jerusalem, going down to Jericho, went right down the mountain... But He had need to go by Samaria. We always wondered. Now, I remember Him telling that priests that day, that He said, 'Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise.' So we seen Him that day walk through a multitudes of lame, blind, halt, twisted, withered, and found a man laying on a pallet. Said, 'Take up your bed and go into your house.' The man obeyed Him. The priest questioned Him, and He said, 'I do nothing till the Father shows Me.' And He knowed the man had been in that condition. Brother, that settled it, that He was the... He knowed, God had showed Him what to do, showed who--where the man was, knowed he'd been that way for thirty-eight years. He wasn't paralyzed, or he wasn't crippled; he could walk. Said, 'When I'm coming down somebody steps ahead of me.'" "Yes, I remember that."

L-30 "And somehow He was strangely led. And we all know that. We went up to Samaria. And isn't it strange, when we got just outside the city there at that well, He set down at this well and sent us all away." "Yes, brethren," said, "Yes, I... Why, we remember that, Andrew, very well." And said, "When we went out into the city, and, John, that's where you showed off and wanted to burn the city up, you know, but--'cause they wouldn't give us something to eat. But we come back, and you know when we come back up through the bushes there, we were so surprised when we saw our Master talking to a woman, a young girl, young woman, perhaps His age. And you remember, she had just pulling up the water pot when we come up. So we wanted to see what He would do. So He said, 'Woman, bring Me a drink.' And quickly she looked at Him and said, 'It's not customary for you Jews to ask us Samaritans things like that; we have no dealing, we have segregation here. You shouldn't say such a thing as that to me.' And He said, 'But if you knew Who you were talking to, you'd ask Me for a drink, and I'd give you waters that you don't come here to draw.' Why, she said, 'The well's deep. You have nothing to draw with.'"

L-31 "You remember, brethren, how we all slipped down under that bush and listened to see what He'd say?" "Yeah, I remember it, right behind the well there." "And, Andrew, you remember, I tried to push your head down, trying to peep over the wall, and so we listened to see what He'd say to this woman. So she come closer to Him, and she said, 'Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; you say at Jerusalem.' Remember the conversation went on a little while. And after awhile, He looked her right in the face, and He said, 'Go, get your husband and come here.' You remember what she said, 'I don't have any husband.' Oh, we thought, now, now something caught Him, now He's got it. That woman said... Now, we know if she'd say a lie and 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min He'd be our God, our Lord, we know that that woman would probably die right in her tracks. That's right. To dispute God's Word right to His face... So we wondered what would happen. She said, 'I have no husband.' He said, 'You said the truth.' So we wondered what was going to happen. Then we hear Him raise up again, said, 'You've had five, and the one you're living with now is not your husband: so you said the truth.' You remember the looks of that woman's face, her hair fell down, her big pretty eyes looked out there. She scratched her head. She said, 'Sir...' Now, John, keep still, I know what you said, 'She's going to say He's Beelzebub.' But she said, 'Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet.'" She knowed more about God than the preachers does. She said--in that state. Oh, yes, a over-trained theological seminary experience takes you away from Him sometimes, farther than walking the street.

L-32 "Now, there said, 'I perceive that You are a prophet. We Samaritans know that there's coming a Messiah which is called Christ, the anointed One, the prophet that Moses spoke of. And we know when He comes, He will tell us these things, because that'll be the sign of the Messiah. He'd be a God sent prophet. We know that He's coming. Jesus said, 'I'm He.'" Oh, my. "'I'm He that speaks with you.' And she looked again, she dropped that water pot and took off in the city as hard as she could. You remember we--we went over; we said, 'Eat Master, eat Master.' He said, 'I have bread to eat that you know not of.'" "And we went on down into the city, and here come the men coming out. And we remember that woman going down through the street, we could hear it plumb out to that well. All the men around the market place was saying, 'Come, see a Man. Come, see a Man, Who told me the things that I've done: isn't this the very Messiah? Isn't this the sign of the Messiah? Yes, come, see the Man, that told me what I've done: isn't this the Messiah?' And brethren, you remember when all them men come out there, and they believed that woman's testimony and accepted Him as the Messiah. Oh, we all witnessed that, so we all know they must have said, brethren, that we know that He is the Messiah."

L-33 "And He promises now, for us not to go to any Gentiles, that'll be for another age, but go rather to the lost sheep of Israel. See? Now, strange He's made Himself known to the Jews, He's made Himself known to the Samaritans, but not to the Gentiles. He will perhaps do that later; they're not looking for a Messiah."

L-34 Now, must've been about that time that Satan looked over the top of the hill after it got dark. Satan's scared of light. Any devil's afraid of light. That's right. Any creeping evil thing is afraid of light. You take a wild animal in the jungles of Africa, or to be out there hunting, just flash on a light, they're gone. They're scared of the light. Get an old nasty roach; throw a apple core down out somewhere, when it's dark he will come around nibbling, just turn the light on and watch him take for cover, certainly. Spiders and everything else will take off. They're afraid of light. That's the reason people are afraid of these old time Holy Ghost meetings. Children of darkness work in darkness. Children of light walk in Light. "Ye are the light of the world, a city that sets on a hill." Don't put a bushel over it now. See?

L-35 Satan looked over soon as it got dark and said, "Well, I guess it's about time for me to start prowling all the night clubs, and honky-tonks, and everything." Said, "I wonder where them disciples and--and Jesus is." So they looked, and as him and all of his demons looked, there they was out on the sea without Him. Said, "Now's our chance; they've gone off without Him. Now we can get even with them." That's just what he looks for you and I, to go off without Jesus one time. I say this with reverence and respects. I'm afraid that's what the Pentecostal people are doing. You're going off after big buildings, and big organizations, and societies, and you've left Him. You're so busy in building programs. You forgot the little mission down on the street and the old tambourine, the guitar. And you're afraid of jail sentences and things again. See? There's something wrong: went off without Him, got on a tantrum, programs and so forth, and forgot about Him. That's the reason our sisters bob off their hair and wear these little old dirty clothes. And deacons is put in the church...

L-36 I know a Holiness church, a great Pentecostal church, one of the greatest in the United States. And I know a friend of mine at that... A man going to this church found a woman, a young girl in there he loved better than he did his wife, and he had a sweet little girl. And he left his wife, married this girl of the church, and they made him a deacon after that. Brother, yeah, he went off without Him; that's all I know, brethren. Yes. Because he paid heavy on the plate... People are beginning to look too much about money and dressing and fine things. You better look up, better get away from that stuff, 'cause remember, that's the leading to Laodicea, which the church 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min age will go out in. Make God sick at His stomach, He just spues you from his mouth, He said. Just acting like Christians... He wants real borned again Christians with real genuine faith to believe every Word God writes. Now, I don't want to get started on those things because I keep you here too long.

L-37 Now notice, then Satan seen them out there without Him, said, "Here's our chance to get even with them now." And that's what he's done with the church. I was called today by some of my sponsors on a meeting; they called me long distance this afternoon, a group of Pentecostal ministers, not Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal ministers, and confessed that they had believed not in Divine healing, and wanted me not in the city, and wouldn't sponsor a meeting where they prayed for the sick. Pentecostal ministers... Pitiful, isn't it?

L-38 I had another call said, from a group that said, "If you let another group set on the platform with you, we'll have nothing to do with it." That's worse off then ever. What's the matter? Gone off without Him. The love of God in our heart constrains us to reach to every denomination in every place. When it gets to a spot that you can't have a tender love for every human being, something's happened to you. God so loved you when you was a sinner, an alien, away from God, a enemy of the commonwealth of God, He so loved you that He gave His life for you, sure. If you get a spirit in you, you're better than someone else, then--then you're worse than anybody else that I know of. I don't care if you're ever so correct in your theology; your motives and objectives is wrong. I'd rather be--I'd rather be wrong in my--in my theology, than be wrong in my heart. That's right. Spirit of God dwells in your heart. In the garden of Eden man took his--go--his... He compromised. Now, in the garden of Eden there was a choice made by the man. The devil took his head; God took his heart. Then he sends him off to a seminary, freezes him up with some good theology and dehydrates him in there, and he comes back out, his head all puffed up, too big to wear an ordinary hat. Then he comes out with bitterness in his heart against the fellow citizen of the Kingdom, that ain't God. That's right.

L-39 Satan seen them go off like that without God. And so he said, "Now, let's get rid of them." And that's just the good way to get rid of it too. Brother, when you get a place that you can't reach across the fence, come across the street, and associate, and call a man a brother just because that there might be some little hair's difference. How do you know you're not a little different in God's sight, some little something. And it be a brother? Why, certainly. Brother, the altar's your place. It's exactly right. And get right with God. I wouldn't want that evil spirit on me. That's right. I'm sorry to see that creeping into Pentecostal groups, all sides of them too, from all sides. One... Pot can't call the kettle black, because it's just six of one, and a half a dozen the other. So there on both sides.

L-40 But oh, brethren, don't never let that evil thing come on you men. No, sir, brother. Stick together like molasses on a cold morning; just really, really cling together, be thick. That's right. For... Yeah. "Blest be the tie that binds our hearts in Christian love; the fellowship of kindred mind is like to that above. Before our Father's throne, we pour our mutual prayers; (That's right.) our fears, our hopes, our aims are one, our comforts and our cares." That's right. That's the way we should be (Yes, certainly.), not greedy, selfish, indifferent, ungodly. The fruits of the Spirit is love, joy, longsuffering, meekness, gentleness, faith, patience. That's it; that's the fruit of the Spirit. You know a tree--if a tree's got sycamore bark on it and apples growing on it, what is it? It's a apple tree. The life in the tree produces apples. No matter what your theology is, right or wrong, if you're bearing the wrong kind of fruits you're the wrong kind of tree, brother. Jesus said, "By their fruit you shall know them," not by their tree, but by their fruit. That's right. True.

L-41 Now, he saw them without Jesus. And then he begin to blow his poison breath at them; and a great storm swept down, and the little ship's just about to tip over, back and forth, up and down, back and forth. The little boat become waterlogged. The mast pole blowed down; the oars broke. That's about the crippled condition we are getting into. That's right--that's right. He begin to blow his breath, saying, "Whew, you belong to our organization, or you don't belong to anything. We're the ones that right. The rest of them is wrong. Segregate yourself." Oh, my. "Yeah, days of miracles is past. Aw, that Divine healing, there's nothing to it. Oh, there's no such a thing as this, that, or the other." Oh, my. See, that's the poison breaths of Satan. Don't have nothing to do with him; he don't believe like we do. There's only one 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min faith; that's the faith of God (That's right.), God's faith. Your human faith don't go very far. But God's faith in you. Makes you love everybody, Makes me love everybody. That's right. That's what God's faith does to you: makes you have the same feeling that Jesus did, because the Spirit of Christ is in you.

L-42 All hopes was gone; they was just about ready to sink. Oh, they was about holding one another and saying, "Why did we go off without Him? Why didn't we constrain Him to go with us?" But you know what? He does things like that sometime to see what we'll do. I think He did it then. Instead of leaving them all together, you know what He done? He knowed that was going to happen. He knows this thing right now, that's going on now was going to happen. But you know what He done? He climbed the highest hill there was in Palestine, got up on top the hill so He could see all the way across the ocean to watch them. Oh. When He died at Calvary, He climbed the ramparts of Calvary till He kept on climbing on that Easter morning, till He climbed beyond the moon, stars, sun, until He could see from eternity into eternity. His eye is on the sparrow, and I know He's watching this meeting tonight. He wants to see what we'll do.

L-43 All hopes was gone. They thought everything was past, they was going to drown. And when the very crucial moment, when He had watched them, and here He come walking to them on the troubled sea. And now, the sad mistake that they made (I want to say in closing.) is the same sad mistake that the church is making today. They were afraid of Him. They thought He was a spook, a spirit, something spooky, fortunetelling and devils...?... That's what they thought. They begin to tremble. But listen at that comforting word, "Be not afraid; be of a good cheer; it is I. It is I" The only thing that could help them, the only help there was to be helped, and they was afraid of it. And today the only thing that'll break down the barriers, the only thing that can melt us together as brothers and Christians, the only thing that could bring us together again is the Spirit of God, or the love of God, that's shed abroad in our hearts, a message of grace from God that we are not divided, all one body are we. God heals them just the same as they was--whatever they are. We are not divided.

L-44 They see the Spirit of God that was promised by Christ Himself. In the last days He said, "As it was Sodom..." When that Angel set of God's Spirit manifested in flesh, eating the flesh of a calf, eating the milk from the cow, drinking buttermilk (sweet milk, whatever it was), eating butter on corn bread, setting there eating like a man, had His back turned to the tent, a Stranger... He'd never been around there before. Abraham had never saw Him. As far as Abraham knowed, He'd never saw him. And He said, "Abraham, where is your wife Sarah?" Oh, how'd He know he was married, how'd He knew he had a wife, and how'd He know his name was Sarah? I'd imagine Abraham said, "My leading was right." Said, "She's in the tent behind you." Said, "Abraham, I am going to fulfill My promise to you." Notice, not an Angel, not a man, but "I, going to fulfill My..." What a promise, "What I promised you..." Oh, my. Can't you see it was God? Abraham said it was God. He called Him Elohim, Lord God, Creator. "El, Elah, Elohim" means "the all sufficient and the self existing One." Amen. He was the self existing One, Elohim, manifested in a body of flesh, eating and drinking like a man that knowed he was Abraham. The same God was made manifest and said, "Your name is Simon, and you are the son of Jonas. I saw you when you were under the fig tree." El, Elah, Elohim, see it?

L-45 And in the last days He said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be at the coming of the Son of man." Don't be afraid of God; it's the only thing that can help you. "Will it help us Methodist?" Yes. "Help us Baptist?" Yes. "Help us Oneness?" Yes. "Twoness?" Yes. "Threeness?" Yes. Fourness, Fiveness? I don't care what you are; it's help for all of you; don't be afraid of it. God's Bible message to every one of you... "Whosoever will let him come and drink from the fountains of the water of Life freely." "Don't be afraid, it is I", said Jesus. "And I will be with you ('I,' that pronoun again, personal pronoun), I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world," (Amen.) Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever... When He was yesterday in His day He was a Pillar of Fire. He was manifested in flesh, said, "I come from God and go 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min to God." A few days later after His resurrection, Saul, breathing out great threats, went down to Damascus; a Light, a Pillar of Fire struck him down, he said, "Who are You?" He said, "I'm Jesus." Peter was in prison, a Pillar of Fire come in the window. Peter thought, "I'm having a dream now." He said, "Come on, follow Me." The gates opened by itself, passed right by the guards. He didn't realize it was God till he was on the outside. Amen. I love Him, don't you? Let's... Now, my time's five minutes over. Let's just sing this little song to Him, all you people, everyone. "I love Him, I love Him because He first loved me.

L-46 Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee for Thy Word; Thy Word is true. In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was manifested before us in flesh. In the book of Hebrews it said, "The Word of God (Christ, of course) is more powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing to the sunder of the bone and the marrow, and even a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the mind." O God, be merciful to us. Grant it, Father. Make Yourself known tonight in human flesh by performing the same things that You did back there, that they might know, and when we stand in the judgment bar there'll be no excuse. Father, take Your eye salve of the Spirit tonight and open the people's eyes, that they might see that it is You, that it's Your Spirit. You're not dead. You're alive forevermore. May many of the people, even at the--like the woman touched His garment, may they be graciously healed, for we ask it in His Name. Amen. I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me And purchased my... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Calvary's tree. Now, real sweetly. You love Him, really love Him? Makes you love everybody, don't it? All right now while we sing again softly and sweetly to Him, let's everyone shake hands with just somebody quietly right by us. I love Him, I love Him Because He first loved me And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree.

L-47 Now, let's just worship with our heads bowed, quietly... Hum it now. [Brother Branham starts humming--Ed.] Just think how good He is to you. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] O God. [Brother Branham continues humming--Ed.] Just think in your heart now. Lay your hand over on Calvary. "Oh dying Lamb, thy precious Blood shall never lose it's power." [Someone speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] What...?... What? Oh, maybe--maybe I can...?... Why do you love Him? Just think, why do you? Because He first loved me And purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree.

L-48 Father, we thank You now for this sweet fellowship. Oh, how we love it, Lord. Just bathe at the fountain, bathing ourself in the beauty of His righteousness, and holiness, and His power. Our sins are all gone. The Blood of Jesus Christ God's Son cleanses us from that. We're fixing to come into the throne now, Lord, to ask favors. You've got a group of sick children here, Father. They've come tonight because they believe in You. And I've come to bring the message to them. O God, some of these people in here will die right away if You don't help them. Our beloved physicians of the earth here has give some of them up, no doubt. Some of them are crippled, and blind, and something that the medics don't know what to do about. Father, You're the Creator.

L-49 David, one time, as we quoted, he was caring for his father's sheep. God, let me just take his place tonight, caring for Father's sheep. One day a lion, an enemy come in, grabbed one of the sheep, and run out, a lamb. And he didn't have nothing but this little slingshot. But he went after the lion; he trusted You. He slew the lion, brought the lamb 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min back. Father, there's many of them here tonight sick and afflicted that medical science is stumped; they don't know what to do. They've come here tonight; they're Your sheep. I'm taking this little slingshot of prayer, and I'm coming after them, Lord. Give us power of faith to kill that lion, that devil, that cancer, that devil that's crippled them, or whatever it is, that we might restore them back to the sheepfold for You, for our Father don't want to lose His sheep. Forgive our unbelief, Lord, and set our souls aflame with Thy Spirit. We realize that healing has already been purchased for us, for "He was wounded for our transgressions; and with His stripes we were (a past tense) healed."

L-50 Now, grant, Lord, that You'll come tonight in this meeting and will do something that You did just like You did when You were here on earth, 'cause You promised it would be done in this day. And when we leave the meeting tonight, may we feel like Cleopas and them coming from Emmaus, when You did something there just like You did before Your crucifixion; they knew that was the same Jesus, He'd rose and was doing just like He did before His crucifixion. Lightheartily they run and told everybody, "Truly the Lord has raised from the dead." And they said, "Did not our hearts burn within us when He talked to us?" I pray, Father, that they won't be afraid tonight while You been talking to them in their spirit. Or may they realize that still small voice that attracted the attention of the prophet... The mighty rushing wind struck over the cave; it didn't rouse the prophet much. The thunder and the lightning, the blood and oil and so forth, all poured down, but it didn't attract the prophet. But when that still small voice spoke, then the prophet veiled his face and come out. God spoke with him. God, let's veil our face tonight, and walk out, hear from You. May we not be afraid. May we veil ourself with the Word of God, walk out upon His promise now, that still small voice of the promise by the Word, and see You perform these things that we're asking tonight. We commit it all to You now in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-51 I want to pray for this just now. Lord Jesus, You promised it. One day it's written by a writer that the children of Israel were on the road to the promised land, and the Red Sea got in their way right in the line of duty. The Red Sea was keeping them from the promised land; and the writer said that God looked down through that Pillar of Fire with angry eyes, and the Red Sea got scared and rolled back. And the children of Israel went on to the promised land. Now, Father, the promise is that You would heal us, that You have healed us; and doubt is in the way, superstitions, all kinds of troubles. Now, may God, not only look through the Pillar of Fire tonight, but through the Blood of His own Son. May them demons that holds the people that's sick that sent these handkerchiefs in, when these handkerchiefs of tokens is laid upon the people, may that devil turn them loose and they go over into that promised land of good health. Grant it, Lord, it's in the line of duty. We send these handkerchiefs in Jesus' Name for that purpose. May they be restored to the promise that God gave them. And the promise above all things "I wish--would that you prosper in health" so they can serve God. Amen.

L-52 The ones that own them may get them after the service. I don't know how we're going to line that prayer line up here. The line--the walls are full. How many prayer cards you all give out? Fifty. What was they? A's, B's, or C's? Let's see what we can do. Is there room for a line between you all on the wall there, brethren? Could a line... You wouldn't mind it? That's all right. No, don't--don't get out of your way, we'll make--we want you to stand right here. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-53 Difference whether I pray for you or not, that don't have much to do with it. It isn't my hands; it's His hands. That's the reason I have them times... Now, remember, if there was anything in the world I could do to help you, I'd do it. But there's nothing I could do towards healing you, only telling you a message that Christ has already healed you. How many believes that's the truth? See, see? He... How many knows that every sin in the world was forgiven when Jesus Christ died at the cross? All right. Then what do you do when you hear the Word? You accept it. That's right. And then if you believe it, you're heal--you're saved. Then how many knows when Jesus died at the cross that by His stripes we were healed? He healed every sick person. Certainly. Then what can anyone do? If you're already brought out of the pawn shop, if a fellow's standing there with a ticket of redemption, the only thing you have to do is receive it. See? That's just take it, and you're free; you don't have then... What say? I called till 25. Got all of them in, all right. 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min

L-54 Now, now, in this prayer line, only thing I'm going to do is pray for the sick. See? Now, how many knows that's been here in future meetings, that knows that the Holy Spirit that promised in the last days that the message would be like it was in the days of Sodom, and Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and made a promise that He would do these things in... How many Bible readers know this, He promised it? All right. Do you believe that we are at the end of the Gentile age, like it was at the end of the Jewish age, and the Samaritan age? Now, Jesus made Hisself known as the Messiah to them by a Messiahic sign. Is that right? Anybody knows that? How many knows that He had the Messiah sign? Sure, sure He did. He said, "If I do not the works of My Father, believe Me not." The woman at the well said, "We know when the Messiah cometh, He will tell us this." See? And so to know the secrets of their heart, to do just the same thing He has always done...

L-55 And then how many knows that He didn't perform that before Gentiles? Sure. How many knows He promised He would do it at the end time? Sure He would, sure. All right. Why? When God is called on the scene... Now, listen you Bible studiers, listen to this. Put your faith in the Word of God, for when God is ever called on the scene to make a decision, He cannot make any other decision but what He has to stay with His first decision. How many knows that? 'Cause He's infinite; every decision's perfect. He don't have to make no two decisions. If He made another decision, then His first decision was wrong, if He changes it. Therefore when God does anything in the Bible, He has to do it again, or He did wrong when He did it the first time. So if He made Himself known as the Messiah by the sign of the Messiah, a prophet Messiah, then to the Jews, to the Samaritans, and promised it to the Gentiles, He's got to do the same thing. Now, how many's seen it happen, let's see your hands so I know. All right. Oh, I guess everybody. How many never did see it happen, let's see your hands, never did see it, raise up, never did see God do a thing like that, standing at the platform? Or never was at one of these meetings before, never seen the sign of the Messiahic sign? Let's see your hands go up, never seen it. Few, yeah, some newcomers in the back. All right.

L-56 [Someone speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] What say? What say? Yes, just in a little bit. All right, they think they can line up the others. 26? Prayer card C-26, 27? 28? 29? 30? 30? 31? Say, is there Spanish speaking people here tonight? These people speak Spanish? I don't know what might that... There's four, five, six cards missing of the... Might be Spanish speaking... All right, 30, 31? 31? All right, 32? That's right. 33? Come right over here. 33? 34? 35, 36, 37, 38. There we're coming. 39? 39? Right this a way; come this a way. 39? 40? 41, 2, 3, 4? 41, 2, 3, 4. All right, back in the back, yeah. 40, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48? I didn't see 48. 48? 49? 49? 49, I didn't see it. Prayer card C-49. All right. C-50, who has prayer card C-50? All right. Now, we're getting them lined up. Now, now, that's all the prayer cards. Now... [Someone says, "This boy over here needs help, Brother Branham."--Ed.] All right, when the time comes, when the time comes they'll help to lift... I tell you, when time comes for me to pray for her, I'll just walk down there and pray for her, you're setting right at the altar. What's her number? 48. All right, you'll remind me now, Brother Jack, for the time when 48 comes I go down and pray for the lady. All right.

L-57 Now, now, the rest of you in here that doesn't have a prayer card, which all the prayer cards are in the line... Now, now, that wants Jesus to heal you raise up your hands, doesn't have prayer cards... Now, I want to quote a Scripture to you. There was a woman... We're going--just going to say, one time a woman that didn't have a prayer card in the Bible, and she said, "I believe that Man, and if I could only touch the hem of his garment I'll be made whole." You know the story? All right. What happened? She pressed through the crowd till, had touched the hem of His garment. Now, did anybody ever see a Palestinian robe? It's way loose and got a underneath garment, keep the dust off the limbs. And a--a Palestinian garment--if she touched the hem of my coat, I wouldn't feel it. If she touched my trouser legs like that, or the cuff of my trousers I would... How about a big garment hanging out like that? So Jesus turned around and said, "Who touched Me?" And Peter rebuked Him, said, "Lord, all of them is touching You. Why do You say at a thing like that?" He said, "But I perceive that I got weak." Virtue went out. Is that right? And what did He do? He looked out over the 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min audience until He found the little woman and told her her blood issue was gone; her faith had saved her. How many knows that? Now, wouldn't you like to touch Him? What... Is it possible that you can touch Him? Is He a High Priest now that could be touched by the feeling of our infirmities? Well then, if He's the same High Priest, how would He act now? Like He did then. Is that right? Now, you touch Him and see if He acts that way. That's the way to do it. Oh, isn't that wonderful, when you bring God Word to a showdown?

L-58 Now, if He stood here with this suit on, and you walked up to Him saying, "O Master, Lord, O Master, I pray that You'll heal me." You know what He'd say? "My child I've already done it. Don't you believe Me?" You'd say, "Lord, let me see if You got scars in Your hand." Anybody could have scars in their hand. "Let me see if You got scars in Your side." I got them where a horse throwed me. Why I... Sure. Now, I--I got another one over here where I was shot with a gun. Gun went off when I was a kid. Another fellow's gun shot me across the side. But that--that don't mean that you'd be a Messiah, no. But the Life of Messiah would be the Spirit of Messiah in His church. Now, no matter how much He'd put it on me, He's got to put it on you too, 'cause we can't work separately; we got to work together. Jesus went into a place claiming He was the Messiah and many mighty works He could not do, because of what? Unbelief. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If you don't believe Him, there's no way for Him to work. If you will believe Him, He will come right in your flesh, the Messiah will. Amen. He's the same God that's in flesh. You believe it?

L-59 Now, in this prayer line, you all that's in this prayer line, how many's been in a prayer line that's been here at other meetings and seen God how He reveals the secrets and things, raise up your hands, you that's in the prayer line. All right. Now, if I don't say one word to you, just pray, you believe that God will do it? You believe it? Do you believe it, without seeing? I--I--I know what--what you're feeling. I can just feel it. See? I can tell it. All right, you out there without--let's have the discernment line out here without prayer cards. The ones without prayer cards have the discernment, and let this--these pass through so that you'll see that the Angel of the Lord is here.

L-60 Now, if that Pillar of Fire that was with--was in the burning bush in Moses' time... The Pillar of Fire was in the burning bush in the time of Moses when It was made flesh, how many believes that was Christ? He said, "Before Mos--before Abraham was I AM." See? All right. Now, that Pillar of Fire that was in the wilderness when It was made flesh, we know It did that, didn't It? And now, is He a High Priest tonight that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities? All right. You just have faith and believe God, and God will--will grant that to you. Now, every one of you just bow your heads silently and start praying, each one of you. Don't be upset, hysterical, but just believe that Jesus Christ is here. If you have a need of Him, just believe. Oh, how wonderful, the sympathizing Jesus. Now, I've talked about Him, spoke His Word, will He now fulfill His Word? All right, that's all, got your prayer line going back that way? I want the discernment to be out there. If God will just grant it once more... All right, raise your heads. Look on me, now just like Peter and John passing the gate called Beautiful; believe me, as His servant. Hold your affliction in your mind and say, "God, I'm suffering with so-and-so; have mercy on me." All of you, don't think that you're past healing. You're not. Just as easy for Him to heal you as it is anybody else; just have faith. I wished I could heal every one of you; I'd do it. I can't do no more than just what I see going on.

L-61 I'm watching the Light. It was here just a second ago. It moved and went this a way and I don't see It now. It's away from the platform at this time. Yeah, the little lady there with her hand up to her mouth, suffering with that gallbladder trouble, you believe with all your heart, Jesus Christ make you well. Had more faith than you thought you had. "If thou canst believe, all things are possible."

L-62 Brother setting right there, don't fear; you're going to be all right. And if you'll believe with all your heart, that man you're praying for, that that horse fell on, he will wake up, if you'll believe it. You believe it? You believe it? All right, have faith; nothing's impossible. I want to ask you something, what did he touch? He's forty feet from me. What did he do? He touched the High Priest. His faith moved back and I caught it. Amen. If thou canst believe... 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min Think God will heal them varicose veins? Wasn't that wonderful? Little sister, setting over there on the end of the row, you want God to give you a baby, don't you, little lady with the green looking dress on? Have faith in God and you'll embrace your son that you've asked for. Ask them people. I don't know that woman; I never saw her in my life. She's a stranger to me, if... Are we strangers, lady, ever who that was that was called? If that--we're strangers to one another raise up your hand, yeah; raise up your hand so that the people see. What did they touch? The High priest. Now, do you believe? Now, you touch. You do the same kind of touching. I challenge you in Christ's Name to do it. Now, we'll pray for the sick.

L-63 That strike you? You believe that I am His servant with all your heart? I don't know you. You're a stranger to me, just so the people see whether that people hasn't got prayer cards, or prayer cards it doesn't matter. Now, you know there's some kind of anointing here, is that right? You know that it--it--it ha... Something takes more than a--than a--a--a man to do something like that. It takes God, doesn't it? Yes, it certainly does. You believe that God could tell me what you're standing here for? Which would... You know He could. That's fine. All right. If you'll believe it... I see you're shadowed, yeah, something horrible, and you're shadowed, and that's the reason I looked around and the anointing being on me... Now, I couldn't take each one of them people down that line, I'd drop off here on this platform. So weak now, see how beads of sweat standing? See? I couldn't do it, because if He felt weakness from one person touching Him, what about now when He has to work back through a sinner saved by grace. See? And that was the anointed God. See? Just His holy virgin borned body that God was working through, made Him weak, what about me a sinner saved by grace? Because He said, "More than this shall you do. The things that I do shall you also, and more than this." It says greater in the King James but... You say, "What you talking to me for, Brother Branham?" I'm trying to contact your spirit just like He talked to the woman at the well. That's right. I can tell you now, you're suffering with an extreme nervousness; you got heart trouble also. That's right, isn't it? If that's right raise up you hand so the people see it. Now, you believe with all your heart? Why, the same God knows the same thing's the matter with you. See? That just does it.

L-64 I keep feeling that every once in a while somebody's says, "He's guessing that." I'm not guessing that. How could I guess that? Now, don't think those things, 'cause I catch it right here. See? That hinders the rest of the meeting, sure. Let's see if we was guessing it. You're a fine person. Now, I couldn't have guessed that; I don't know you. I've never seen you; we're perfectly strangers. Is that right? That's a right. All right, sir, that's true. Now, I don't know what I've told you. The only way I know is get that tape. Let me get in contact with your spirit again. See, you're a woman, I'm a man. That's the same way it was at the gate--at the well at Samaria. But we, being Christians (See?), and the Spirit of God between us, we're brothers and sisters. Then there's a God of heaven here trying to work through me just like this--this thing. It--it you don't know what to say; it can't say nothing. Neither could I tell you. I have to speak through this to make a voice go through it. Well, He has to speak through me to tell me what's wrong. You see it, audience? See, see?

L-65 Now, I'm just yielding myself, I just have a gift from God to yield myself. I don't know what He's going to say. If He can tell you what has been, surely you could believe if He'd tell you what will be. Now, somebody say, "Well, let's see if He will tell you what has been." God have mercy so the people can see and understand, my prayer. I just want... I don't even dig up your life, but I just want to see if God will tell it, so that the people see that something that... I won't ask Him no more, if He--in this meeting tonight, if He'd just let it happen.

L-66 Yes, I see it now. I see her shaking, walking to a window. She gets real nervous, late of a evening especially, right after work. And she's got heart trouble. That's exac... Oh, my. There's something else, yes, here's something has been. It's an operation of some sort, a cancer in the breast. And you're afraid that part of it's still there. That's right. Yes, on your side. See, I was pointing to my left side. Certainly, yes. And you've had some more trouble; you've just recently lost your husband. That's right. Is that what has been? You believe God can tell me who you are, the same that He knowed who Simon Peter was and so forth? Mrs. Babb, now, go believing, it'll all be over. Amen.

L-67 Now, if I just lay hands... There's Something anointing here, isn't there? If I lay hands on you, the Bible said 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min "These signs shall follow them that believe; if they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." Our heavenly Father, I lay hands upon my sister and ask, while this anointing is here for her healing. Amen. Go, believing now with all your heart. If I lay hands upon you, do you believe that God will heal you and make you well? The whole church is praying for you. In the Name of Jesus Christ may he be healed. Just have faith and go believing with all your heart. Now, you know I know what's wrong with you, but I don't have to say it, do I? Just as long as I tell you your heart... Oh, go ahead, be I done said it...?... Now, you know I know what's wrong with you, is that right? If I tell you, would it help you? Which would be greatest for me to lay hands on you or tell you what's wrong with you? Tell you what's wrong with you. All right. You're bothered with nervousness, now take off the platform and be made well. Don't know whether to shake out of it or not, you go ahead and stop the prayer line, see if it don't. There it is again.

L-68 You believe your back trouble be all right? Go, believing with all your heart. Now, you know God could tell me what was wrong with you, and if He would, would it help you? All right. Get rid of that old asthma, go on believing with all your heart. Can't get out of it somehow. Let's pray for it. Do you believe that God will heal you? And your heart will be all right and you'll get well. All right. Go, believing with all your heart...?... Now, that's all right. Now, just pray and believe with all your heart. Now, He knows what's wrong with the people. Now, are you believing? Now, just have faith; don't doubt. Now, if each one of you will believe, and just accept your healing, reverently where you're at, just accept your healing... Now, be real reverent.

L-69 It's again. I don't know you, don't know nothing about you. I guess we never seen one another in our lives; this is our first time meeting. If that's right raise up your hand. Just another place like our Lord met a woman at the well one time, talked to her. He found out what her trouble was, and then He told her her trouble. And she said He was the Messiah. If He could tell you the same thing through me, would you believe that He's still Messiah? You believe it with all your heart? I just wanted to ask you that for a reason. You've had a accident in your leg, had to take a kneecap off. That's right. And then besides that, you've got a hernia that bothers you, and you're extremely nervous. And the way--the greatest thing you need is to give your life to Christ, and from a sinner become a Christian. Will you accept Him as your Saviour now? You do accept Him as your Saviour? I pronounce you to be healed in the Name of Jesus Christ. Go and sin no more.

L-70 Let us say, "Praise be to God" everyone, let's just worship Him a while. Father God, in Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Father God, as she passes by may she be healed, in Jesus' Name. If it keeps on you'll have a crutch after while, but you believe that God will take it away from you? And the arthritis will leave you and be gone. In the Name of the Lord Jesus, may she be healed...?... Yes, ma'am, God bless you, sister. Thank you, sister. Our heavenly Father, I lay hands upon this dear woman. In the Name of Jesus Christ heal her, Father. Amen. Heavenly Father, as I bow my heart to You, I pray for my brother. As he passes by may he come and under the shadows of the cross and be healed in Jesus' Name. Now, if I would tell you what was wrong with you, would it help you? Because you're trying to go blind, but that's not what's a doing this. Diabetes is what's a doing it. And if you'll believe with all your heart, it'll leave you. Will you believe? Then in the Name of Jesus Christ go and be made well. Amen. That's it...?... Father God, in the Name of Jesus Christ may she be healed. Amen. Have faith. Heavenly Father, I pray in Jesus' Name that You'll heal...?...

L-71 Now, don't--don't think it's 'cause I don't tell them that... That's kinda hard for me to get away from It. See? But I--I know that it's--it's all right. God's doing it just the same. See? Don't matter. See? I can't... If you do the whole line then--I--I just told Brother Jack to watch if it kept on going on that I'd have to leave the line, 'cause it's just spinning to me now. How many understands that Scripturally? Why sure, see you can't hardly... All right, do you believe me to be His prophet, or His servant, I mean to say. That stumbles some people. I'm not a 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min prophet; I'm just His servant. See? You believe with all your heart? Do you believe that he will get all right? Huh? He's real nervous, isn't he? He's got heart trouble, high blood pressure, and he drinks. Go, believe, that's your husband I'm talking about, get all right. Have faith in God.

L-72 Our heavenly Father, I pray that You'll heal our sister, in Jesus' Name. Huh? Go eat your supper; you was healed setting there in the chair; your stomach trouble's left you. O God, I pray God You'll heal this...?... in Jesus' Name. Amen. God, I pray that You'll heal our sister, in Jesus' Name. God, lay hands upon this little one, in the Name of Jesus Christ, may it... Don't fear now, it be all right. Father God, I pray that You'll heal her arthritis and make her well, and the nervousness, and I pray that she'll be all right in Jesus' Name. Father, I pray that You'll heal her in Jesus Christ' Name. May she go and be made well. God, I pray that You'll heal our brother and make him well as I lay hands on him, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sir. Our heavenly Father, I lay hands upon our sister. In the Name of Jesus Christ may she go and be healed. Amen. Have faith now; don't doubt. Our Father, I pray that You'll heal our sister in the Name of Jesus Christ. Passing by, like--don't come by after me, but under the cross. In the Name of the Lord Jesus, may she be healed. Amen. Oh, don't doubt. In Jesus' Name, Father, I pray that You'll grant...?... God bless you. Our heavenly Father, I pray that You'll heal our sister in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, sister. You believe that? Have a good courage. See? Now, you know I know what was wrong, but go believing it anyhow. See...?...

L-73 You want me to say... If I will tell you what's on your heart, will you believe me to be His prophet? You will? One thing's wrong with you; you're bothered with nervousness. That's right. You got a nervous stomach that cause you trouble. That's what you what you want to be pray for, isn't that right? You've had it all your life. I tell you; you got a burden on your heart. Can God tell me what your burden is? The salvation of your father and mother. That's THUS SAITH THE LORD. I know you, sister. O Lord God, while the anointing of the Holy Spirit this woman's been so kind to me. I pray that You'll give her her desire tonight. Grant all these things that she's asked, Father, and especially for the family, I pray in Jesus' Name. Amen. You know what I mean. All right.

L-74 Our Father Who art in heaven, hallowed by Thy Name, grant the healing of our--our precious brother in Christ's Name. Come, believing; don't doubt. God bless you, brother, have faith now. In the Name of Jesus Christ I lay hands upon him while the anointing of the Holy Spirit is present, in Jesus' Name may he be healed. Our Father, as we feel the vibrations of this fine woman, I pray Father that You'll heal her in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Come, believing now; don't doubt. Sister, just look at the prayers that's going up for you; look at this fine bunch of ministers here. This is the church of the living God. See? Our Father, we pray that You'll heal her as by faith we lay our hands upon her in confirmation of Jesus' own words that said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." May she be healed in Jesus' Name. Amen. "The prayer of faith shall save the sick and God shall raise them up."

L-75 Heavenly Father, with the effectual fervent prayer of the righteous, and we're not righteous, but we accept the righteousness of our Lord. I pray this prayer for her and present it to You in her behalf, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, sister; go, believing now. Most dangerous disease there is, heart trouble, but God is a Healer of heart trouble. Isn't that right? Believe... Our heavenly Father, I pray that You'll bless our brother and heal him. Grant it, Lord, as I lay hands upon him in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. Bless you, brother. Our Father Who art in heaven, Hallowed be Thy Name, I pray, Father, that You'll grant the healing of my brother. 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min Amen. Father God, as I lay hands upon the little woman, I pray that in the Name of Jesus Christ, that You'll heal her and make her every whit whole. Amen. Don't doubt; just come believing. Lord Jesus, tenderly and mercifully, Lord, she brings the little ones and I lay my hands upon them and pronounce the blessings of God. May it be healed in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Our heavenly Father, as this humble little woman moves up here carrying the Word of God over her heart, I pray, Lord, It'll go deep in there, and she will have faith to believe in Christ's Name. Amen. Our heavenly Father, we ask the mercies of God upon this, our sister. May the power of God heal her and make her well in Jesus Christ's Name.

L-76 What is that? All right. I'm going to ask these people setting here who's--although they haven't got prayer cards, but they're in these wheelchairs, would you all bow your heads and pray with me just a moment, everyone, while I go and lay hands on them. [Brother Branham prays for those in wheelchairs and with only a few words distinguishable from time to time--Ed.] Now, to you that was here without cards... And I prayed for these people in the wheelchairs, and they didn't have cards either. But they have such a hard time getting to meetings. I... Did I pray for this little guy here? God bless you, brother. [Brother Branham prays for the boy with only a few words distinguishable--Ed.] Our heavenly Father...?... We used to sing the little song, Pray, pray, the only way to reach higher grounds; Pray, pray, the prayer of faith will bring God's blessings down. That right? Are you all believing in God?...?...

L-77 Excuse me, I've let the prayer lines over. Just this one? All right. Is this--is this the other lady? All right. Now, if you'll... How many believes? This lady, I don't know you; I've never seen you as far as I know. We're strangers to one another. Now, every person out here in the building, let this woman be an example to you. Here we are; just walk right this way, sister. I don't know this woman; I have never seen her. We're total strangers to one another so far as I know. But if the Holy Spirit will tell me something that's wrong with her, or what she's here for... It might be she's sick. Maybe she's here for somebody else. Maybe she's here for domestic trouble, financial trouble, church affairs, spiritual condition. I don't know. That's true. I don't know the lady; God does. But now that you people might always know that Jesus Christ in your Presence, making infallible confirmation of His Word... Let me talk to the woman just a moment while I have myself yielded to the Spirit.

L-78 Now, you that I prayed for and laid hands on these wheelchairs, if you haven't got enough faith to rise up and walk, don't let that bother you; you just have a little mustard seed, and hold right on to it, and just keep moving you right on. See? Now, Abraham was given a promise of God, and for twenty-five years he waited for that promise to be fulfilled. Is that right? He never staggered at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong giving praise to God. Now, we know that God still remains God.

L-79 Now, if this woman here had walked up in the Presence of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight. Let's say she is sick, and she walked up in the Presence of the Lord Jesus, and she... She is in the Presence of the Lord Jesus, not you, not me, but the Spirit that's here. See? He's the Vine; we're the branches. Is that right? How many know the vine doesn't bear fruit? The branches bears the fruit as it's energized by the vine. Is that right? Now, watch close and listen. Now, if she stood here in the Presence of the Lord Jesus...

L-80 Something happened by that boy there then. I tell you what I want you to do. I want you to take a string and tie it around that water head (See?) tonight. And tie a knot in it. And when on the last night of the meeting, day after tomorrow night you... Tomorrow night you tie another knot, the next night another knot. And bring me that string and lay it up here on this here prove that God's on that boy. And you see how much that head shrinks between now and then. That's that you might know. Now, the reason I done that is to help her faith. See? You got to have something for your faith. See? If you won't to doubt, it'll take place. Now, you watch, I want you to tie your string, make a little knot in it. Then put on the same 61-0123, Be Not Afraid, It Is I, American Legion Hall, Beaumont, TX, 114 min string, tomorrow night, after the service, tie another little knot, how much it shrinks, then on the last night tie your knot and...?... the church, then lay it up here on the platform, cut it off and show me how much it shrank between now and then. See?

L-81 Now, you see, friends... You say, "What are you doing, Brother Branham?" I'm trying to get myself back to a place just a little bit (See?), so I can talk to you just a moment. I look out there and just see, like you all are one big milky group now. See? But I'm trying to let you see that your brother, I your brother, has not one thing in earth to do with this. It's God confirming His Word, His promise, that He said He would do. Now, don't be afraid of it. If I could hear His voice speak tonight He'd say this, "Be of a good cheer; it is I; be not afraid." For He's the same yesterday, that's what He did yesterday, is today, will be forever. You believe that? Now, see, so that you'll know that it ain't prayer cards or something somebody or--in the ministerial breakfast, and for three nights now, three services we haven't had a prayer card. And has He done in other services without prayer cards, just like He done tonight with prayer cards. Prayer cards only line them up, so we won't have a fight over one another's place. See? Too many in one place...

L-82 Now, sister, excuse me; I keep forgetting about it. I--not beside myself, but I hope you forgive me for that; I didn't mean you stand here and make a gazing stock from you. Now, just a... We... Did you have a prayer card or did they just put you up here? You had a prayer card? All right. 'Cause I thought if you was able to walk around like that, wouldn't be right with...?... because you could be a...?... to them. But you--they gave you a prayer card, you was in line, all right. Now, if the Lord Jesus--like here a woman and a man again, if He can tell me something that, like you're here for, would you believe it? You're here for me to pray for your eyes, got eye trouble. If that's right, raise up your hand. Well, you say, "Sure, she's got on glasses." All right, let's just take that out of the way. Now, you look at me and believe. Do you believe... Now, you're--just let the people know. Now, right now you feel a real sweet, warm Spirit. If that's right, raise up your hands, 'cause you are a Christian. Now, did you ever see a picture of that Light, that Pillar of Light in the picture? We got it here, it's been taken all over the world. We got them right here at the building. Now, how many ever seen it? All right, that Light's hanging between me and the woman right now. I'm looking right at It. Now, you think He could heal your husband? He's here too. If I can tell you what's wrong with your husband, will you believe me to be His servant? He's got skin cancer on the face. That's right, isn't it? Uh-huh. All right. And you got some other loved one you're praying for. That's a daughter, loved one; they're not here, got trouble with the ear. They're not even in this country. It's in Georgia. That right? You're not from this city; you're from a city called J-a--Jasper. That's right. Your name's Mrs. Kemming. That's--that's right. Go home and be made well in Jesus Christ's Name.

L-83 Lady?... How many believes? Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Is that right? Lay your hands on one another. "If they lay hands..." Don't pray for yourself now; pray for the person you got... Way back in the back there, lay your hands on one another. Now, pray the prayer of faith. Our heavenly Father, I pray that You'll help us. Satan, you've lost your power. You're exposed, Satan, come out of them in the Name...?... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Blind Bartimaeus
