Date: 1963-08-25
Title: Perfect Faith
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Branham Tabernacle
Location: Jeffersonville, IN
Duration: 106 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 63-0825E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Our Heavenly Father, that is our intention tonight. We have assembled together to only believe, just believe the Lord Jesus. There are those here, tonight, who are sick and afflicted, and we have dedicated our--our--our service tonight to the healing of the sick and broken body. Now, as the singer just sang that beautiful hymn, Then Jesus Came, may You come on the scene for us tonight, Lord, and heal all that's afflicted, and there won't be a feeble person in our midst tonight. Grant it, Lord, and help us as we look to the Word now to find faith sufficient for this hour. We ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-2 [Brother Branham speaks to someone on platform--Ed.] There's a pair of glasses here, that someone has lost, and been found in the church. If anybody... if they belong to you, well, they're here on the platform, on the pulpit.

L-3 Now, I know that many are working, and they have to go home early, and so I won't speak very long; and then have a prayer line to pray for the sick. That gives me an opportunity to--to catch up in some of the emergencies that just been in the room, catch them just now before coming in, and this afternoon. Some of them, of course, is very, very bad and violent. And I been making the calls, too, and praying for the sick. Seeing the hand of our Lord Jesus heal the sick and the afflicted, just how wonderful He is!

L-4 Now, not too often do we get into these healing services, because usually we... the Holy Spirit will come around if there's any emergency case, and discern it right quick, and pick it out and say something about it. Then the rest of them, why, we just... maybe it's nothing too bad, so we just pass it on by. And I thought, being here twice today, it should be that we dedicate one service for a prayer for the sick. I believe in healing the sick. I believe it is a Bible command. We cannot preach that, without... the full Gospel, without including that.

L-5 Now, it's possible... I don't know yet, I haven't called home yet tonight, it may be possible that next Sunday I'd be through here again. And if you--if you don't hear from us this week, if Billy don't let you know (he'll know a little later on in the week), if you don't hear it, then we'll be here again next Sunday; 'cause that gives you Labor Day, you see, to rest up, and so... or to get home on. See? And so we'll try, the Lord willing. Now, well, if you don't hear... I think Billy drops you a card, or tells you through the services some way, so if he doesn't call you, then I'm coming back for--for this next coming Sunday. If, Brother Neville, it's all right, one of the service? [Brother Neville speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] Oh, that's fine.

L-6 If anybody wants to know, this little Collins, here. And during the time of the Seven Seals, the doctors had told that little boy, with rheumatic fever, that he had to lay on his back and drink through a tube; that--that was it. And the father and mother brought him to the home and set him in the room, prayed for him. And the Lord Jesus healed him so completely, he went back to school; and the authorities called them in about it. So they called the specialist who was waiting on him, and she couldn't believe... He couldn't believe such a thing as that, and they brought the boy down for a test, and he was perfectly, normally well. Then, Jesus came, the tempter's power was then broken!

L-7 You know, strange thing, I was going to ask someone to sing that song tonight. And as I was ministering in the room there, here it come, someone singing it out here, Then Jesus Came. If that--that wasn't sang, I was going to ask someone to sing it before I--I spoke tonight. So, He--He works all things right.

L-8 Now, many of you will be waiting over till in the morning, that's got a long distance to go, and I--I appreciate that--that effort. Some of you will drive home tonight 'cause you got to go to work by daylight, in the morning, and I--I know it's hard. And then when I think, and see that,...

L-9 I get spells too, you know; I get moody. I get to a spot to where I... What gets me, is where I get to those spells when I get all overworked, and Satan comes telling me, "Why, nobody cares for you. You really haven't got a friend in the world, see." And so that...

L-10 Remember, I'm not immune to the temptation. See, I got to overcome that. Then when I look back and see something like this, I put it right back in his face and say, "What about that?" That helps me to over--overcome. "What about that?"

L-11 Like a certain friend of mine, setting in--in the meeting here, there was a--a--a clan, kind of a--a clan that doesn't believe in Divine healing, come to this young fellow recently and said to him, "That stuff that they're preaching there about that Divine healing, there's nothing to it."

L-12 And this man lives in Kentucky, right near an old woman that, when we was at Acton Campgrounds, that was dying with cancer. And her sister came to the meeting that night with a handkerchief in her purse that she had taken, and the Holy Spirit called out the woman back there (and I'd never been in that country before) and told her that "she had a handkerchief in her purse, that she had there, she'd took from home, and her sister was up on a certain ridge there, dying with cancer of the stomach. The doctor's give her up." And I said, "Go put the handkerchief upon the woman, for THUS SAITH THE LORD, 'She shall live.'" And that's the night, the neighbors up there thought they had the Salvation Army, when Brother Ben got up there, and then put the... And--and then that lady was so perfectly healed until she does her own work and the neighbor's work.

L-13 So this young man, knowing that, he said, "Then explain her case! That settled it. Explain; you know she had cancer. She was here in Louisville and the doctors was perform the operation, and just simply turned, 'Sew her, put her back. Nothing can be done.' And now she's perfectly normal, well." Said, "Explain that." That settled it. See?

L-14 You know what the Bible said? "And they could say nothing amiss, because the man was standing right in their midst, on whom the miracle was done on." That's where we... It puts Satan to a shame, doesn't it? The man was standing there that the miracle was performed on. [Luke 23:41]

L-15 Does God raise the dead? Here sets a man, right here, raised from the dead. God heal the sick? Oh my, the hands could just go everywhere. God heals the sick. And we know He's the great--the great I AM, not the great "I was" or "will be"; I AM. That's right. I AM, that's "ever present, everywhere, all the time"; the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-16 Now, to hurry, let's turn now into the blessed Bible. I want to read a--a passage that--that used to just "turn me around" when I read it. And I want to have a prayer line tonight, and pray for everybody that wants to be prayed for.

L-17 And now we're going to turn to Mark, St. Mark, the 11th chapter of St. Mark. And we're going to begin to read about the--the 22nd verse of the 11th chapter of St. Mark. And many of you know this Scripture, It's very familiar. It was the Scripture I was thinking on, Brother Russell, when those... when He spoke to me and said about those squirrels. And they... that was just the very Scripture I was thinking on. It's always been a puzzle. He said, "If ye say"; not "If I say". "If you say!"

L-18 Now, let us read. ... Jesus answering said unto them, Have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore I say unto you, What things soever you desire, when you pray, believe that ye receive them, and you shall have them. And when you stand praying, forgive, if you have ought against any: that your Father also... that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. But if you do not forgive, neither will your Father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. [Mark 11:22-26]

L-19 Now, faith is based on forgiveness, then. And then, as we said this morning, trying to get the church into the place to where we could really see apostolic times moving among us, that's what we all hunger. And it's just laying right at the door. We see it, but we want to see more of it. We want it such a flow that it'll--it'll be a help to us, us flow out to others.

L-20 Remember, Jesus (as we had in the lesson this morning), He never used His power for Himself, He used it for others. That's what it was sent for. And you think sometime, "Why would a Man that was so full of power, like Him, would have ever be sick?" Yes, sir. I've read in some book, somewhere, where when He raised up that boy, the widow's son from Nain (I believe, The Prince of the House of David), that He set on a rock and groaned with a headache. See? He bore our infirmity. Bear means "to pack them." See, He bore. And He had all things in... like we have. He had sickness, he had temptations, He had trouble, He had flusteration just as we have, because He had to be the right kind of a Mediator; so He had to be partaker, the Husbandman of the fruit, before He would know. The woman at the well and many things, see, if we looked right into the Scripture. [Isaiah 53:5], [Psalms 103:3]

L-21 I want to say that I believe every Scripture, and every bit of It to be true. There's critics today that don't want to believe that. A critic once said that "when Jesus sent those disciples to where that colt was tied, where two ways met, that He prearranged that to where that colt was tied." See, they don't understand that God prearranged it. [Luke 19:28-35], [Mark 11:1-10], [Matthew 21:1-10]

L-22 God told me, other day, with Brother Dauch here, that I would "shake his hand, on the street again." That's very strange, I wasn't here that morning; but two minutes longer, or a minute longer, I'd have not met him on the street. But I stepped off the car just in time to shake his hand when he was coming in, on the street. He didn't know me; he had his glasses off, he couldn't see me. When he heard my voice, he started crying. What was it? Usually he doesn't do that, but it was a answer to what was told him up there under the oxygen tent; he would do it.

L-23 I said, "You'll also set in the church again"; his heart's desire. When we was having Chicago meeting, he wanted to come to that meeting, his heart was for it. I sent him a telegram of greetings for us and the children, told him we was praying that he'd get well, right quick. And a loving brother, who visited him, said that he--he just wanted to come so bad. But here he sets, tonight, with us. See? That was not prearranged. The same God arrange it, He makes everything work perfectly on the dot.

L-24 A critic once said that "No wonder Jesus could take five loaves and feed five thousand," said, "the loaves were bigger in that day, and He just cut each loaf to feed a thousand." [John 6:1-14], [Mark 6:33-44], [Matthew 14:13-21], [Luke 9:10-17]

L-25 "I give you to understand, a little boy had it in his lunch!" A little child packed five loaves of bread that could feed five thousand people, and be full. Then what about the twelve basketfuls taken up afterwards? See? Oh, they just... that's just critics, that's all it is. That doesn't change God's Word. It's just the same, see, moves on.

L-26 Now, we want to speak now upon faith, and a different type of faith: Perfect Faith. That's a great thing. Now, faith, we're told in the Bible, "Faith cometh by hearing." Now, you cannot be saved without faith. And faith is something that you have to believe it's there, that really nothing else will declare it's there but faith. Now I'm trying to bring faith to you, so that you can be ready for this prayer line, in the next few minutes. [Romans 10:7]

L-27 Now, faith: "He that cometh to God must believe that He is." And it's impossible to--to please God without faith, you cannot please Him. And if you say you believe God... you have never seen Him, see, so then you've got to believe It by faith. And if you could see Him, it would be no more faith. See? Anything that the senses declares, is no more faith, it's a scientific fact; see, it's not no more faith. But you have to accept Him by faith. "And he that cometh to God must believe God; and faith comes by hearing the Word of God." See? You must first believe this is God's Word, and you must come to God by the Word. See? Just take the Word, what It says, and "That's right!" Everything else contrary to It, is not right. [Hebrews 11:6], [Romans 10:17]

L-28 Abraham had to believe just what that Voice told him. And when he was a hundred years old, twenty-five years later, he was stronger believing It than he was twenty-five years ago when It was give to him. See? He believed It. And "He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong, giving praise to God, knowing that He was able to perform what He had promised." And that's the way, every one must be that way. You must come with an unfailing faith, believing that God made the promise. But now, you have to be in a position to have that faith, and that's what we're going to talk on; see, to receive that faith. [Romans 4:20]

L-29 In Hebrews, the Book of Hebrews, the 11th chapter, we are told that. ... faith is the substance of things hoped for,... [Hebrews 11:1]

L-30 Now, here's where many people fail to receive their healing, or what they're asking for, because they take faith to be something that it is not. See? They don't believe it. It--it's... it--it's not imagination. It is a actual substance.

L-31 Now, listen close! See, it is not what you imagine. It's just as real to you as any sense of your body will declare anything else. It's just as real as my eyes says, "This is a piece of paper." It's just as real as to say that "that is a light." It's just as real as to say, "I feel my coat." It's just as real as--as I hear that baby talking there, or making its noise. See, just that real, as music playing. It's just as real as I taste anything in my mouth. It is that real, only you can't show it to somebody else. You have it alone. Amen! It's yours. Faith is the substance; see, not just a myth. So, many people come... [Hebrews 11:1]

L-32 Now, these are real deep lessons, and I'll catch the top of it, then you dig down in it. See?

L-33 Notice, it is something that you possess; not imagination, if you really have it. It's just as real to you as any other thing that could be. It's just as real as--as you know that--that you're riding an automobile. It's just as real as you know that you're setting in the church. It's just as real as you hear my voice. It is a substance, not an imagination, not an emotion; but something that you have, and it comes to you by hearing the Word of God, and That only. "Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing the Word of God." That puts it back to where your faith, then, is not in some individual. It's not in a man. It's not in a organization. It's not in a group of people. It's in God, because God is the Word. See? Your faith is in God. Faith cometh by hearing the Word of God. [Romans 10:17]

L-34 Then when God, by His Word,... not by what somebody else did, somebody else said, but by what God's Word said. He said, "Let every man's word be a lie, and Mine be true." [Romans 3:4]

L-35 Now, you see somebody else do something by a word, act of God, or a promise of God; and many of them say, "I can do that, too." It's an imagination. And when they do, you find them wrecked up out there somewhere. It's got to be a substance. Now, that is potentially a faith. That is something that would bring you to a faith. It's potentially, like if you'd asked me for an oak tree, and I give you an acorn. Potentially you have an oak tree, but it hasn't produced itself yet; but when it really brings itself out, it is an oak tree. And when you imagine that God does this,... But when it's revealed to you, it's a faith then, a Perfect Faith that cannot fail. [Matthew 16:17-18]

L-36 That's the reason those visions are so--so tremendous to me, because it's been proved "right" every time. See? And I know that He promised that. And He promised it in His Word, and here He comes and promised it for this day. Therefore, you know where you're standing, when He said so. See, that gives me a faith, because He never does nothing contrary to His written Word. See? And if it was contrary to the Word, I couldn't have faith in it. Brings it right back again to the Word, see, faith in hearing the Word of God. You must hear the Word! God's Word is that all-sufficient Word. It's all you have need of, is this Word. [Hebrews 11:1]

L-37 Now, faith being the substance, and in there we find out (in Hebrews) what faith was, and what those did who had faith. See, there's many times that people have faith today, and tomorrow they haven't got it; the next day there's something, and something else. But when God once anchors it, and you see it, there's nothing ever going to make you move from it. You're just poking, reaching, presuming. And presume is to "venture without authority"; you're just trying this, and you're trying this, and going this way, and run here, and run there. You haven't got the Faith yet! But when... that is what we call "Faith." [Hebrews 11:1]

L-38 I--I--I... Excuse me. I want you to... Thank you, brother.

L-39 I--I want you to get this now. We... the Church has got to lift Itself in the power of God. How? We are too close to the end, now; and I believe the Church is in condition where we can teach It a little deeper things, and rub some of this make-believe out, see, and get into something real. See? It's got to be something that you know! And if you say, "Brother Branham, that isn't the light." "Yet I know it's the light." "How do you know it's the light?" "I'm looking at it." "Well, how do you know that you couldn't be wrong?" "My sight has always declared to me that that was light." See?

L-40 And that's the reason I believe those visions, 'cause it's always declared to be the truth, 'cause it comes from the Word. See? Then if He says it, that settles it. Now, when it's declared like that, there's no more guess work, it's going to be. Then you hear it "THUS SAITH THE LORD," see, because it's--it's beyond the human thinking. It's up into the realms of the Lord's thinking. But you're standing here, just as the Vine... just as a branch producing the fruit that's in the Vine. See? God uses man, and man only. God doesn't use machinery. God doesn't use groups of men. God doesn't use organizations. God uses individuals, always!

L-41 Now, faith is the substance, and by it, we understand, all of those things are done. It's not a--it's not a imagination, it is a substance; especially Perfect Faith. That's what I'm talking on tonight, getting to Perfect Faith. It is not an imagination. [Hebrews 11:1]

L-42 Now, others, have people come say, "Oh, I got all faith; oh, I sure have." Well, what are you standing here for, then? See? See? See, your--your very actions prove that you haven't got what you're talking about. See? If you had faith, then what you stand in the prayer line for? See? What do you do these things for? [James 5:14]

L-43 See, if you had Perfect Faith, you'd look right straight to God and believe it, and walk away. You would--you would have no need of coming into a prayer line. You'd have no need of these things, because your faith has done made it so. See? What would be the use for me saying, "I got to put a shirt on"? I got a shirt on!

L-44 "How do you know you got a shirt on?"

L-45 "Well, I see it, feel it, and I know it's there." Well, that's just how real that when Perfect Faith takes ahold. You don't--you don't need no more. It's already done; you know it.

L-46 "How do you know it?"

L-47 "Faith tells me so!" That's it. See? Do you get it now, what I mean? That Perfect Faith.

L-48 Now, other words, I'm venturing out, "Well, I'll go. The Bible said, 'Call the elders, let them anoint with oil, pray over it.' I know, I'll go up." And you say, "Well, I'm going to be healed." See, you're making yourself; you don't watch now, you're going to make yourself just--just worked up. Then when he pass through, he say, "Oh, I--I still don't see." See, there you was, you didn't have faith!

L-49 Your genuine faith will do it right there. Your--your genuine faith will make it so real to you that... Look at that little woman with the blood issue, she said, "If I can only touch the border of His garment, I'll be made well." And as soon as she did it, she said she "felt within herself that her blood issue stopped." She actually believed it. [Luke 8:44], [Mark 5:25-29]

L-50 And when she touched It... to prove that it stopped--it stopped, Jesus turned and said, "Who touched Me?" That Perfect Faith! And that same Perfect Faith tonight, will touch Jesus Christ just as it did then. The woman come with a Perfect Faith for that time. [Luke 8:45]

L-51 Now, now we see, at first the disciples didn't have this Perfect Faith. They didn't have it, because they'd had Christ, walking with Him; but then afterwards, Christ was in them. And so, you see, it's hard then to have this Perfect Faith without the Holy Spirit; It has to bring it, It does. Now, you say, "The disciples didn't have Perfect Faith?" No; for they had an epileptic child there, that they were trying to cast this devil out of him, and they couldn't do it.

L-52 And the father seen Jesus coming, and he said, "We have brought my son to--to Your disciples, and they could not cure him." See? [Luke 9:40]

L-53 And afterwards, the disciples asked Jesus, saying, "Why could not we cure him?"

L-54 And Jesus said, "Because, of the lack of faith, of your unbelief." That's right. "Because of your unbelief at..." [Luke 9:41]

L-55 Now remember, they had the power. Jesus had given them power to heal the sick, to raise the dead, and cast out devils, just a few days before that. They had the power, but not the faith to use the power. Now, there's the Branham Tabernacle! There's the Church, the Bride, today! The Holy Spirit is here with the power, but you, haven't got that faith to move it. See what I mean? It takes faith to move it.

L-56 Here: I got a shell that I hand-loaded. I know what it'll do by ballistics, like the Word, but I've got to fire the gun. The fire has to get to the powder. The powder's got the power, but it's got to have the fire to light it off. And the same thing, the powder's in the shell, but it needs faith to charge it and throw it out. That's what it takes, see, Perfect Faith to ignite the power of the Holy Spirit which we have now, since He's come upon us; faith to ignite, to see great things, is to... the faith, something that presents it to you.

L-57 With a heart full of joy, you walk into the sickroom, knowing exactly what you're going to say. Walk in there and know what's going to happen, something's already been revealed, and you know it. And you walk in, "In the Name of Jesus Christ, rise up from there. THUS SAITH THE LORD!" There you are; that's Perfect Faith. If there'd be ten million people standing there saying it wouldn't happen, you know it's going to happen anyhow, 'cause you know it. It's going to happen. Regardless of what anybody else says, you're the one that's got the faith.

L-58 Could you imagine, Joshua, he'd call the elders of Israel together and said, "Uh, brethren, we are the servants of the Lord, I would like for you to say a... ask the Lord if it'd be all right if--if He'd give us a little more sunlight, see, and hold the sun a little while"?

L-59 Nah; he had need of it (and without prayer, without anything), he had need of it, and he just commanded the sun! He said, "Stand there! I have need, and I'm in the service of the Lord, and He sent me over here to do this job, and I'm doing the best that I know how, and the enemy is routed, and they're out in here; if I let the sun go down, they'll get together and cause me more trouble. So, stand still! And, moon, you hang there!" Amen; she hung there for twenty-four hours.

L-60 Now, if the world's turning and he holds it up, and the sun stayed in a place and it don't run, what happened then? Now, you made yourself an infidel, if you say of this; and then if you don't, you sure do fool with science, 'cause they said if the world stopped, it dropped. So now what? And if you say God's Word is not right, then you're an infidel. See? But it happened, that's the main thing. I don't know the mechanics of it, but it happened!

L-61 I don't know the mechanics of the Holy Ghost, but I know It fell on me. I--I can't tell the mechanics of It, but I know the blessings of It. That--that's all I--I care to know about, is the blessings of the Holy Ghost. And mechanics, He works them. That's His secret.

L-62 This boy could not be healed, because... The disciples had power; Jesus gave them power to heal all manner of sickness, to cast out devils, to cleanse the lepers, and to raise the dead. He gave them power, but they didn't have faith to operate the power that they had. And then they questioned Jesus and said, "Well, now, why couldn't we do it?"

L-63 Now, remember, they had the Word; and the Word was Flesh then. And the Word told them, "I give you power." Amen! "I give you power." And they had the power, but they didn't have faith to operate the Word that was in them. See what I mean? But Jesus had it, He was the Word, and He had faith that what He said would happen. He said, "Oh, bring him here. How long will I suffer you?" [Luke 10:19], [Luke 9:41]

L-64 He had faith, with His power. How did He? He said, "I can do nothing in Myself." Why? He relied upon what He was; He relied in knowing that He was the Word. And He had faith in God, Who made Him the Word. He was God (the Word), and they was in Him, and that give Him faith because He understood His position. He knowed what He was, because the Scripture had said He was this. And here every Scripture tied in, to prove that He was exactly what the Scripture said He would be, and He knew what He was. [John 7:28]

L-65 Therefore, He relied upon what God had made Him. And if He did that, then can't we rely upon what God made us as believers? "These signs shall follow them that believe!" He had faith in what He was. And if you are a believer, you have faith in what you are: you are a believer! And if you've got faith in God, the Bible says over here in... "If our--if our hearts condemn us, then we can't have faith; but if our hearts don't condemn us, then we have faith, we have confidence towards God." If you want to read that, found in Saint John 3:21. I got the Scripture written down there. [Mark 16:17], [I John 3:21]

L-66 Now notice, Saint John... I mean First John 3:21. Notice. ... if our hearts condemn us not, then we have confidence towards God. [I John 3:21]

L-67 But as long as you're doing things that's wrong, you can't have confidence towards God. So, you see, you can... you'll automatically know that you're wrong. You automatically put yourself back there a sinner, by knowing that you're wrong. But when your heart don't condemn you, and you know you are a believer, and there's nothing between you and God, you can ask what you will and know that it'll be given, because it's the Word that's given to you just like it was to those disciples.

L-68 Now, the only thing you have to do then, is have faith in what you are. Have faith in what the Word says you are! And Jesus had faith in the Word of God, that said what He was, "It is written of Me." Didn't David, in the Psalms; and the prophets, and all of them speak of Him? "I am the Bread of Life that come from God out of Heaven." Amen! "I am that Tree of Life from the garden of Eden. I am all these things, I AM THAT I AM." And He knew with that Perfect Faith, that He was the anointed Messiah, that the Spirit of God was upon Him. He said, "Now, I, in Myself, do nothing; but it's My faith in God." And God was in Him, the Word made manifest. And when the Word of God comes in you, It's made manifest, for you are a believer. See? And a believer is "the faith of God that moves in you." [John 6:35], [Exodus 3:14], [John 8:54]

L-69 You like that? I--I--I like when you... I like teaching of where the... how to... what faith really is.

L-70 Knowing Who He was, without a shadow of doubt, He knew He was the Son of God. He knew it, for the Word identified. The Word of God identified Who He was. He said, "If I do not the works of My Father, then don't believe Me; but if--if I don't do them works, don't believe Me. But if I do, then believe the works, for they are the manifested Word promised." Oh, if you could just wake up to that, a minute! You see, the Word Itself identified Him, Who He was. And He said, "Who can condemn Me of sin?" In other words, "Who can show Me that My life and My works don't fulfill exactly what Messiah should do?" Nobody could say nothing; for He was. Then He had faith to believe, then; of whatever He said, it would happen. [Isaiah 50:9]

L-71 Then He turned around and said, "The works that I do, shall you also. A little while, and the world seeth no more; yet you shall, because I'll be with you, even in you. Take no thought what ye shall say, for it's not you that speak, it's thy Father that dwelleth in you; He's the One Who does the speaking. And It's not Me, It's the Father That dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works." See what I mean? [John 14:19]

L-72 Now, the identification of a Scripture Christian, these Words said Jesus: "These signs shall follow them that believe." Now, how can you call yourself a believer, a people, and deny those Words? How can you call yourself a believer and deny any of this Word? See? You can't do it. You're not a believer, therefore signs can't follow, because you just accept what you want to believe and let the rest of It... you won't--don't believe It. But you got to take the whole thing, and believe It. And when you truly believe (not make believe, but really believe), then these signs follow them that believe. [Mark 16:17]

L-73 Oh, could you compare a Christian today with them Christians of long ago? How them disciples walked in the power of the Spirit, moved by the Holy Ghost, do it. Just a prisoner, as I preached on the other night, a prisoner to the Word and will of God; he couldn't even move until God moved him. Wouldn't you like to see a Church rise like that? It's going to; going back. It's--it's got to come. That's right. It's go-... It's on its road now, I believe.

L-74 For the Word identified, identified Himself, what He was; and the same Word identifies us. See? "If a man loves Me, he keeps My commandment. And if he says he loves Me, and keeps not My commandments (that's all of them), he's a liar, and the Truth's not even in him." [I John 2:3-4]

L-75 You say, "Well, I don't believe all..." Well then, that... you're just an unbeliever, that's all. If the Bible said so, that makes it right, that settles it Eternally. What the Bible said, is the Truth.

L-76 Notice where He said to us, "If ye abide in Me, and My Word in you." Saint John 15, "If ye abide in Me,..." See, have faith in Him. "Ye abide in Me, and My Word abides in you, then you ask what you will." [John 15:7]

L-77 Now, see, He knew who He was, therefore He had faith. Faith could produce when He knowed what He was. Now, "If ye abide in Me, and My Word in you," then you know who you are. "Ask what you will, it'll be given to you." [John 15:7]

L-78 Wouldn't that be wonderful, tonight, if everybody come in that prayer line, say, "I am a Christian. I have no condemnation. I--I know that my heart condemn me not. Something tells me that tonight's the end of my suffering"? That, you're going to do. You'll go away here with something. No matter how much you come in emotion, how much you do, it won't work until that Perfect Faith has manifested and identified itself in you, as a substance. And when it's there, then nothing's going to shake you from it.

L-79 If--if you had cancer, and the doctor told you yesterday that you'd be dead before Monday morning, (all your heart, your respiration's gone, the cancer's eat you up, your bloodstream's become completely cancer, whatever it is); and Something come with this substance of this genuine faith, Perfect Faith was made a substance in you, you'd laugh in that doctor's face.

L-80 You'd be like old Elijah, when he walked up-and-down before the idol, and said, "Won't you call a little louder? And maybe he's pursuing." He knowed what he was going to do, because God had told him what was going to happen. He said, "Let the god that answers by fire, be God." [I Kings 18:24, 27]

L-81 They say, "We'll take that proposition." And they poured water upon the altars. And they--they cut themselves, and they done everything, and called, "O Baal! O Baal! Answer!"

L-82 Elijah was just as calm as he could be. He said, "Call a little louder," said--said, "maybe he's pursuing. Maybe--maybe he's on a fishing trip. Maybe he's doing something else, you see. He's out somewhere." They just... Just made fun of them, because he knew it's going to happen. [I Kings 18:27]

L-83 Oh, watch when he got everything in order. He walked out there and said, "Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel!" He never called him now his name Jacob, "shyster." He called him Israel, "prince with God." [I Chronicles 29:18]

L-84 "Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of that Prince (Jacob), let it be known today that I am Your servant; and I have done this, not at my desire, not at my make up, but at Your command I have did this; Your will, You told me what to do. You showed me these things would be here. Now, I've poured the water upon the altar. I've done all these things according to Your command. Now, let it be known!" And when he said that, fire fell from the heavens. He was just as confident it was going to fall, because he had the substance. Why? The Word said so. [I Chronicles 29:18], [I Chronicles 21:26]

L-85 Now, this same Bible is the same God's Word. And when you can receive the substance (that's Perfect Faith); substance that this promise that God made is yours.

L-86 "How do you feel, Brother Branham, when you stand there and you see people coming in different languages and things? Are you afraid?" No, sir. No, sir. He said so! Never been afraid yet, 'cause He told me so, and I believe that it's Truth.

L-87 If He told me tonight, to go to the presidential graveyard and raise up George Washington tomorrow morning, I'd invite the whole world, "Come and see it done." I'd say, "Bring every... get--get every critic you can and stand them around, you're going to see the Glory of God. Set that chair over here where you can set down and rest a little while; he'll be here just in a moment, soon as I call."

L-88 That night when that little boy in Finland, that day, rather; laying there dead, been laying there for a half hour, mashed up, blood running out of eyes, nose and ears; his little legs broke up, in his little stockings; and his feet out through the end of his stockings, his shoes gone. I looked, and I thought, "That ought to be that boy." I said, "Say, let's look in the back of that Bible, Brother Moore."

L-89 We got Brother Lindsay, Brother Moore looked back there "'And it shall come to pass,' SAITH THE LORD," (Oh, my!) "'there will be a--a land where's a lot of evergreen growing. Rocks will be lapped together. A little boy with a cropped haircut, little pantywaist buttoned up here, and his feet... his stockings pulled up high. He'll have brown eyes, they'll be turned back. He'll be killed in an automobile accident. But you lay your hands upon him, and he'll come back to life.'"

L-90 There It was, wrote on there. There he laid, amen, just waiting the Word. I said, "If this boy isn't alive in a couple minutes from now, then I'm a false prophet, run me out of Finland. But if he is alive, fall on your faces and repent!"

L-91 I said, "Death, you can't hold him." I called for his spirit according to the Word of God, "In the Name of Jesus Christ," up he jumped. Right! See? Oh, my! Faith, see, took a hold. God said so, there it is!

L-92 Now, that's--that's God speaking in this day through vision. But this: if that vision was contrary to This, that would be wrong; This is more than the vision. If any vision's contrary to the Word, leave it alone; it ain't of God, God don't contradict His Own Word. So, if this Word told you something, then you can have the same confidence then what's going to happen. There's nothing,... If It says, "They shall lay hands upon the sick and they shall recover"; well, brother, if faith, that Perfect Faith, got a hold of that, you'd... when you passed by this prayer line, you'd be jumping and shouting till you... when you left here, "It's over!" It's over! It's all over, it's finished! If you had a request in your heart and believe that when that prayer was made for that, it was going to be answered, there isn't nothing you discuss, that's what's going to happen; like the woman with the blood issue. [Mark 16:18]

L-93 Jesus had Perfect Faith. He--He had it, and it come because He was the Word. And you become the Word; you become the Word, as you receive the Word. "If ye abide in Me, and My Words in you. My Words which..." (this Word) "abides in you, then ask what you will, and it'll be done for you." See? "If ye say to this mountain, 'Be moved,' and don't doubt, but believe in what you've said, then you shall have what you said. When you pray, believe that you receive what you ask for, and ye shall have it; it'll be given to you." Time, space, nothing else will ever change it. You know it's done. It's already--it's already over with. [John 15:7], [Mark 11:23-24], [Matthew 21:21]

L-94 Now, watch! Now, and He said to us, "If ye abide in Me, and My Word in you," Saint John, here, "you can ask what you will, it'll be done." Then, recognize your position in the Scripture, as a believer. See, you've got to recognize your position, as He recognized His position. [John 15:7]

L-95 "Is not it written that Christ shall come, and what all Christ would do?" He said to Cleopas and them that morning, "Isn't it written in the Scriptures that they'll have to... that He must suffer and then be killed and raised the third day?" Said, "Why are you so slow of understanding?" [Luke 24:18], [John 2:19]

L-96 And they thought, "My, this man speaks a little different from other men." Come to find out, when they got into the inn, it was Him. See, their eyes was withholden from Him. See, they knowed that He kept laying to that Scripture, and they knowed It was Him.

L-97 Now, you must believe what you ask for. If you are a believer, recognize yourself as a believer. Recognize that these things are for you.

L-98 If there's condemnation in your life, straighten that first. See? If you got condemnation in your... I... or you might have Oral Roberts and--and a dozen more people who has faith to come here and pray over you, and jump up and down, and pour oil on you by the gallons, it--it still it--it won't move. That's right.

L-99 What falls off from Oral's meetings to that? I catch them in the prayer line. You hear Him say, "You was prayed for before. A man with dark hair, kind of big fellow, big jaw." That's Oral Roberts. See? "And that was at a certain city; called certain, certain thing."

L-100 "Yes, that's right." See?

L-101 "You was prayed for by such-and-such a man." See, like that. "But here it is. Here is your trouble." See? "Go make that thing right. Go out there and confess that sin to your husband, to your wife. Go do this thing." It'll never do you any good, no matter who you pray for, till you make that right. Condemnation's in your heart, and God will not come into that heart condemned. See? God don't dwell in that; you got to make it right. Then when you do, you must have faith. If everything's right, you must have faith and believe it. Don't be 'fraid.

L-102 In the Book of Job, It says here, "Job feared." And what he feared, it actually happened. What brought it? His fear. That's what made it happen. His faith would have kept him from it, but his fear brought him... brought it to him. He was scared it was going to happen, and it did happen. Now, if been--he knowed it wouldn't happen, it wouldn't happen. See what I mean? [Job 3:25]

L-103 If you're afraid when you come by the prayer line, "Maybe I just haven't got the faith sufficient"; it'll never happen, don't worry. See? But if you know it's going to happen, it'll happen. See? See, it's a substance of something. Job had a fear that these things would come upon him, and they did. If you have a fear that your disease is going to leave you... or won't leave you, it won't. If you have a faith, that it will.

L-104 You ask any medical doctor. The first thing he'll try to get you to do, is to have confidence in the medicine he's giving you. If you haven't got no confidence in it, you better leave it alone. See? Sure! What is it then? It's faith that does the healing; it's faith that does it all the time.

L-105 Peter, he was doing all right till be got scared. The Word told him, he could walk on the water. He was scared first, he thought it was a--a ghost, and he said, "Lord, if it be You, bid me come to You on the water." [Matthew 14:29]

L-106 Said, "Come on." Now, that's just the same as James 5:14, same as Mark 16. The same God said It, said, "Come on." And so he started walking. He done all right, got down out of the ship, started walking on... [Matthew 14:29]

L-107 There was a storm on the sea, you know; great, whitecap waves, bigger than these hills around here, the foam breaking on top of them; terrific, maybe fifteen, twenty feet foam, the whitecaps breaking. And that was a terrific thing for him to ask, "If it be You, Lord,..." See, He looked like a... there looked like a shadow or a spirit. He said, "If it's You, bid me come to You on the water." [Matthew 14:25-29]

L-108 Jesus said, "Come on."

L-109 And he stepped down, said, "It's the Lord, I'll just walk." But when he got his eyes on the waves, he got scared. What come in his mind? First thing, he... "I'm going to walk because the Word said for me to walk." And the next thing, he looked at his... well, he looked at his symptoms; he looked out there and seen how big them waves was, and he got scared; and when he did, down he went. See? What he feared, happened! What he believed, happened! When he believed he could walk, he walked; when he believed. Got scared in his belief, then his substance left him. See? He still professed his faith, but he didn't have the substance. The substance would have went right over top of that whitecap and went right on to Him, see, if he has the Perfect Faith. See? But he didn't have it. He thought he did. He did at first, he was willing to venture right out, "Why, the Lord told me to do it, it's got to happen." So he just steps right down out of the boat, and takes off. He never thought about the--the--the--the waves, how contrary they was. He never got that in his mind. [Matthew 14:28-29]

L-110 Now, when you get to thinking, "Well, now wait. And, you know, I've been sick so long, I..." Stop! You just might as well go back to the boat. See? See? But when you quit thinking about that,...

L-111 "Abraham considered not his own body, now dead, neither the deadness of Sarah's womb." He didn't think about that, didn't even consider it. It wasn't even brought into--to understanding. He didn't even consider at all; he just considered what God said, and he went on. As--as long as Peter did that, he walked. [Romans 4:19]

L-112 But Jesus lived in a world that no one knowed about, He was an odd Person. He lived in a world of Perfect Faith in the Perfect God, in which He was. If we lived in a Perfect Faith of a Christian, to what we are, we'd be a mystic to the world; the people wouldn't understand you. You'd walk in the Spirit. What the Spirit said, you would do. What It forbid, you would not do. Then the people begin to say... they... you'd be a--a mystic person to them. [Galatians 5:16-18, 25]

L-113 That's the way it is to all believers, they're a mystic. The people don't understand, because they live in a world to themselves. Jesus lived in a world that nobody else could touch. The disciples couldn't understand Him. When He spoke to them, they say this. And then they said, "Why, You--You talk in riddles! We--we don't understand this. How can this be?" See, they wasn't in the world that He lived in. See, they couldn't understand Him, nobody could understand Him.

L-114 And so when a man lives by faith and walks by faith, I mean substance faith, he is isolated from the entire world and becomes a new creature in Christ. There, now you're getting into Bride material. See? See? See? You're getting into rapturing condition, now. That means for each one of us; not just the pastor, deacons, trustees. That means for the laity, every individual walks in a world with God alone. You're baptized into this Kingdom, and there's nobody in there but you and God. See? He gives the orders, and you pack them out. Whatever He says, there's not a shadow of doubt nowhere, you walk right on. If the Lord says this, there's nobody in the world can talk you out of it, you go right on just the same. Now you're coming into Perfect Faith, perfect perfection that cannot fail. That faith never fails. Yes, He was a mystic to them with His Perfect Faith; and so is it now with those who have Perfect Faith, are a mystic to others.

L-115 We are taught to "resist the Devil, and he will flee from us." Now, to resist is to just simply "turn him down"; just resist him, that is "just walk away from it." God said a certain thing; no matter what he's trying to tell you, you don't even listen to him. You have... your ears are deaf to anything else but what the Spirit says. See? "To he that has an ear (that listens), see what the Spirit saith unto the churches"; the one that's got the listening post, that catches what the Spirit says to the churches. See? [John 4:9]

L-116 What Satan says, "Well, I just can't..." That don't have nothing to... "Well, if you teach that, the denomination will put..." That don't have nothing to do with it, he goes right on just the same.

L-117 "He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith to the churches." You know, in the Bible, It's always constantly saying that. "To him that has faith. To he that has an ear to hear, let him hear." See? "He that has wisdom, let him count the numbers of the beast." All these different things. "He that has, let him tell it to the rest of them, that they might have." [Revelation 2:29], [Revelation 13:18]

L-118 And that's by faith we're talking about now, faith that you've got to have, that Perfect Faith; that Faith that says, "Yes!" There's nothing can say "no" when God says, "Yes." See? When He says "Yes," It's "Yes!" And nothing else can ever take It from you.

L-119 With His Perfect Faith, He was very strange. And the Devil didn't stay around Him very long. We got it in the lesson this morning. When he come with that great big bluffed of--of intellectual conception, he bluffed up against Jesus there when he come, and he found out he hit a ten thousand volt line: throwed him right back again. Yes sir. He said, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone!" Whew! He got a shock then. He come a little softer the next time, when he said, "Now You're a great Man, You can puff Yourself up here, be somebody." [Matthew 4:4]

L-120 Said, "Get behind Me, Satan." Oh, my, what he met! And, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." See, He proved Himself unto Satan that He was the Lord God. "For it is written, 'Thou shalt not tempt... '" [Luke 4:8, 12]

L-121 Now, if--if Satan didn't know that that was the Lord God, he'd said "Wait a minute, You're not that Person." But he knowed better then to debate it with Him.

L-122 He knowed what ground to stand on. He said, "Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." And that's Who He was. And Satan knowed better than to say that, because Jesus' works had already proved that He was the Lord thy God. [Luke 4:12]

L-123 Notice now another. Perfect Faith is a master of all circumstances. Perfect Faith masters all circumstances. No matter what it is, It masters it. Now, just watch! When you believe anything, do anything, and you got faith in what you're doing; no matter what the circumstance is, that don't have one thing to do with it. See, it masters that circumstance. If it's in a--a room of sickness, and the Lord's revealed that this certain thing's going to happen, you just speak it and go on.

L-124 "Oh, does the...?" Just don't ask any questions. It's already over, just keep going. See? It masters all circumstances. "Well, if you do this, So-and-so's going to do..." That... you see, It already got it mastered. See?

L-125 Faith believes that God will work it out. "I don't know how He's going to do it, but He'll do it anyhow." See? It masters all circumstances.

L-126 And faith and love is relation, because you can't have faith unless you got love, because your faith is in a God Who is the very essence of love. Faith and love works together.

L-127 Here, just like a young couple. You take a young man and young woman, and they love... they fall in love with one another. And as they go along and begin to know one another more, their hearts just begin to beat as one. See? They're--they're... yet they're not husband and wife, but their love binds them together, and they have confidence in one another. Now, if they really love one another, really love, and you know that this girl loves you and--and she knows that you love her, you've got confidence (faith in one another) if you got faith in one another; if you didn't, you'd better not marry her. See?

L-128 Notice, you got to have faith. And you separate them and put one extreme south and one extreme north, there's still that love beats for one another, no matter where they're at. They're just as true to one another as they can be, because they love one another. And if you love the Lord, just not trying to dodge hell, but you love the Lord, then you have faith in God; see, if you love Him.

L-129 Like a--a young girl... just happened here in Louisville, not long ago. A woman, she was a--she was a... been a Christian for many years, but her husband had just... fell in love, she fell in love with this man. He had been a Christian, a couple years. And so they got married; they loved and had confidence in one another, and they got married. And so the woman said to the man, said, "Hubby, it must be hard on you, you're just a young Christian. You've had so much to go through with." Drinking is what it was. Said, "You've had so much to go through with." And said, "I know you're bound to be tempted awfully hard." And said, "I want you to know one thing now. Now, if you happen to fall, if you happen to--to fall into temptation and is overcome, don't stay away from home; you come on back. You come right here, 'cause I--I'm going to be right here waiting for you, and I'm going to help you pray through again until you get victory. I'm going to stay with you, because when I married you, I married you because I loved you. And no matter what you are, I still love you."

L-130 Few days after that, he was eating his lunch with the fellows down in the boiler room, he was telling them about it, said, "Now, how could a man ever do anything wrong when somebody loves you like that?" See?

L-131 There you are. How--how could you trespass that confidence?

L-132 And when we were sinners, alienated, without God; in the world, in that muck of mud, as I talked about this morning, God come to us! God sought you, you never sought God. "No man can come to Me except the Father draws him first." And God came down in that muck, what you were, and sought you out and brought you out! That ought to create a Perfect Love. Look what you was, and look what you are. What did that? Somebody that loved you! Can't you have faith in what He's promised you, then? Real genuine love will create a confidence in His Word. [John 6:44]

L-133 He caught me when I was nothing. I'm still nothing, but I'm in His hand. See, He caught me. And He loved me when I was unlovable. He loved you when you was unlovable, but He changed you. Just like the colored sister said, that time in her testimony, she said, "I'm--I'm not what I ought to be, and I'm not what I want to be, then I'm not what I used to be!" She knowed she had come somewhere, something happened. And that's the way it is. If God, when I was an alien from Him, so loved me till He stooped down to get me and pick me up, that gives me confidence that He wants to use me. He's got a purpose in doing it. He seen something in me. He seen something in you. He had a reason to save you, look at the people that's unsaved today. Look at the millions He could have took beside you, but He took you. Amen! No one can take your place. Amen! You're in God's economy. No one can do it. That's His Love to you.

L-134 Then, won't your love reach right back to Him? And there's a love affair. No matter what the situation is, its circumstances is governed by this Love that creates Faith: that God loves you and you love God, and you love one another, and--and that brings the Faith. All right. Then it can't--it can't keep from bringing out just exactly what God promised it would do.

L-135 Now, watch! Perfect Faith is pure, just as pure as love is. See? Now, when you love somebody, and you got... you love your husband or you love your wife. Now, there's no need of anybody telling you "you don't" do it, because you do do it, and you know you do it.

L-136 Now, if I'd ask you, "How can you--you prove you do it?"

L-137 "Oh, I prove it by the way I live to him." See? "I'm a true, honest wife. I'm a loyal, honest husband, and that proves to me that I--that I love my wife; or I love my husband." See, your life proves what you are. The same thing Christianity does. See? Your faith, you have confidence in one another, it's pure. And it's something real, that you can't show it to somebody else, yet you got it, and your actions prove it.

L-138 And when you got pure, unadulterated Faith, like your love is to your companion, then you prove it by the way you act. You ain't complaining no more, you know it's done, just walk along. No matter what the thing look like, what anybody else says, you know what's happened. You know that it's finished; just as well as you know you love your husband, as well as you know you love... See, love and faith has to go together. They're kinfolks, they love. Love produces Faith.

L-139 When Satan tempts us, we are to resist him in a Perfect Faith in a Perfect Word, like Jesus did. The Word of God is perfect. We're to have Perfect Faith in this Perfect Word, and resist Satan.

L-140 Now we'll hurry, just as quick as we can.

L-141 By His Faith in--in His Word we (He conquers), we can conquer anything: both death, hell, and the grave. We know that God is God, that Perfect Faith in God's Perfect Word, He conquered everything that He come in contact with. Death could not even stand in His Presence. Sickness could not stand in His Presence. Flowing from Him was like rivers of virtue, going out constantly, virtue going from His garment. These people, laying in His shadows; step, put their finger on His garment and was healed. When that woman done that, then everybody wanted to touch His garment, 'cause they seen that there was virtue going from Him constantly, flowed like rivers. There He was, walking, walking in a world with Perfect Faith, because He was the Word.

L-142 And now, "If ye abide in Me," through Him, He brought the Word to you; "and My Words abide in you," then walk in the same kind of a way: virtues flowing from you, the rivers of God's fountains of blessing just flowing out to the people. See what I mean? And you're not bluffing it, you're not imagine it. It's actually taking place, and you see it. If you're just imagining it, that don't do any good; but if it's really there, it really happened. [John 15:7]

L-143 Now notice! See, by It, when He stood and He said, "If you destroy this Body (this Temple), I'll raise It up again in three days." Why? He was just as satisfied He'd do that, because the Scriptures said that He would do it (the Messiah): "I'll not leave His soul in hell, neither will I suffer My Holy One to see corruption." A prophet, who the Word comes to, had said that would happen, and He knowed He was that Person. [John 2:19], [Acts 13:35]

L-144 And when the... Jesus, Himself, said, "The prayer of faith shall save the sick," or "They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover." If... You must have that same perfect confidence that "when hands is laid on me, I shall recover," 'cause He said so. [James 5:15], [Mark 16:18]

L-145 He said, "You destroy This Body, and I'll raise It up," 'cause He knowed He was the Messiah. "I'll not suffer My Holy One to see corruption"; He knowed He was the Holy One. "Neither will I leave His soul in hell"; He didn't. He knowed He'd do it. He had confidence that He was there to conquer both death and hell, said, "Destroy It, if you wish to, and I'll raise It back again in three days." Oh, my! "I have power to lay My life down, or I have power to take it up again"; He knowed Who He was. [John 2:19], [Acts 13:35]

L-146 You're a Christian. You have right to any redemptive blessing that Jesus died for you for. It's all yours! It's already paid for, you just have to believe it. Not imagine it; but believe it, and know that it's yours, and you can possess it. Oh, that's the conquering Faith: know! Yeah.

L-147 He knew it would happen before. He could predict that it would happen, because He knowed it would happen; and whatever He predicted, come to pass. Now, watch! Whatever He said, God honored what He said. Think of that! Whatever Jesus said, God brought It to pass. So, He knowed His Words were God's Words. Now, look! That same Scripture comes right back into us again, "If ye say to this mountain." Oh, my! I--I just let that soak just a little, you see, 'cause we're going to have a prayer line. We'll dismiss the congregation and pray for the sick, the ones that want to... has to go. [Matthew 17:20], [Matthew 21:21], [Mark 11:23]

L-148 Look! He knew that He pleased God. He knew that there was nothing on His life. God had already testified, "This is My beloved Son in Whom I'm well pleased, hear Him! This is My beloved Son in Whom I'm pleased to dwell in," at the day of His baptism. "I'm pleased to make My abode in here, there's no condemnation to Him at all." [Matthew 3:17], [Matthew 17:5], [Luke 3:22]

L-149 Now, when the same God comes to you, and is pleased to dwell in you, pleased to honor your word, what your decision is,... What was Joshua's decision? "Stand still, sun!" And it stood there. Amen! Sure! What was Moses' decision? Held his stick over the--a river like that, then called for it to "Open!" And it opened! See, whatever you ask. "And if you say to this mountain, 'Be moved,' and don't doubt, see, in your heart, but believe that what you've said will come to pass, you can have what you said." That puts you back in the Word. Now, that's not skim milk. See? It puts you back. I know it's going to jumps right over top of you, maybe, see, because It can't anchor. But real, genuine faith catches that, right now. [Matthew 21:21], [Mark 11:23]

L-150 I've seen it, friend. Here's this Bible laying open before me. I've seen it happen, and I know it's the Truth. I know, God in Heaven knows, that I might not live through to finish this message, but I--I know that it happened. I've seen it myself. I'm a witness of that Word being fulfilled, that I know It is the Truth: say it, and stand there and see the Creator bring a living creature into existence, right in presence of your eyes; you shake your head and wonder; and then look around and seen Him bring another one, just exactly like it, because you said so; and turn over here and say, "There'll be another one there," and look, and there it is! Now, that's the truth.

L-151 Oh, where should we be? There's Perfect Faith. No vision, "Just speak the Word," never saw the squirrel. He just said this Scripture, what it was, and "Speak it, and don't doubt it; but what you say, it'll be there." And I took God at His Word, and it was there. That's right. That's just as powerful... And friend, as your pastor, that's just as powerful as it was when Joshua stopped the sun; because the sun was already there, the elements was moving, and he stopped the movement. But this, He brought something there that wasn't there, He created! I'm so glad to be acquainted with the God that can take the dust of the earth, some day, without anything, and call me back to life again, that same faith, after I been planted in the grave. Oh, my! There it is. My faith looks up to Thee, Thou Lamb of Calvary,

L-152 You say and don't doubt, but believe that what you've said, you shall have what you've said. See, believe that it'll happen!

L-153 David, in the Psalms, spoke of Him. And with it, He took His power and He ministered to others. Not only did He keep it to Himself, but He ministered to others by it; also saved others, even to the uttermost, and He can do the same thing now. And promised the same faith to the believers, in His Word, and John... as John 14:12, He said so; Mark 16; and also in Mark 11:23, we just read. [John 14:12], [Mark 16:16-18], [Mark 11:23]

L-154 Now, watch. Now, He has appeared to us in the same form that He did to them in the Old Testament, and in the same as He did in the New Testament; and has showed by the same Word, the same Christ. And I declare to you that Christ is the Holy Ghost. The--the word Christ means "the anointed one"; just a person that's anointed, that is the Christ, the anointed one. How many knows that's true? That's interpet-... The anointed one, there would be a man that would be anointed. Anointed with what? The Bible said in Acts 2, that Jesus of Nazareth, a Man approved of God, anointed with the Holy Ghost; went about it and done great works and things, see, that God manifested, proved that He was in this Man. [Acts 2:22]

L-155 And now, we become anointed with that same Spirit, anointed messiahs; messiahs of the last day, to shine forth the resurrection of Jesus Christ; to show that He is not dead, but in the form of the Holy Ghost, He's in His people; moving among His Bride, with a love affair to Her, pouring out into Her, Himself. They are becoming one for the Wedding Supper; and the same signs, promised by the same God, in the same Word, is making His same manifestations.

L-156 There's nothing left for us to do but believe It, and "believe it" is the substance, and that creates a Perfect Faith. Just think how--how how numb we are; just think of that just a minute, now.

L-157 Now, let's see. Has He done all things well? Has He ever told us anything, but what happened just exactly the way He said it? Hasn't He performed, and hasn't the great Pillar of Fire been among us and done just exactly like He promised to do? Haven't we seen It? Hasn't science taken It, after it's been predicted what would happen; go right there and have it even in the papers and magazines, pack it right back and show it, when it's told you months before it happened? Hasn't He done just exactly the way He did in the Old Testament, and the New Testament? And It's just exactly the same One! The same Holy Spirit comes, and is a Discerner. "And the Word of God, which is quicker and sharper than a two-edged sword, a Discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Isn't that right? Isn't that the same God? Now, that same One, it's not a stranger off somewhere else, He's here. He's here, does this to create a Perfect Faith. I feel Him. I know He's here now. I know that His Spirit is here. I know that He knows all things. Amen! And I know He wants to--to do something. He's been doing something, to--to create this perfection of faith in the people. [Hebrews 4:12]

L-158 Are we going to walk into Eternity, like it was in the days of Noah, with eight souls saved? Are we going to come like Lot, with three out of Sodom? Are we going to come, like in the days of John the Baptist, with six believers? Let us believe, for His works is perfect! They're manifested daily and perfectly before us, showing that He is the Word, the Word! Hebrews, the 4th chapter, says. ... the word of God is... sharper than any two-edged sword,... even a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. [Hebrews 4:12]

L-159 Think of that! The Word of God is That, a Discerner of the intents of the heart. "For the Word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of the soul and of spirit, and of the joints and of the marrow, and is a Discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." The Word made flesh! Hallelujah! The Word operating in human flesh, by physical signs, by material signs, by Scriptural signs, perfectly, to bring to you a Perfect Faith for a Perfect Rapture. [Hebrews 4:12]

L-160 Why can't we look at It? Not a mystic; the Devil has put everything in the world before you, try to keep, make you... keep you from believing It. He'll bring in a meeting and try to throw everything he can in front of you. Shake it away from you! The Bible says, "Rise and shake yourself." Pinch yourself.

L-161 His Spirit is here, He knows you. You've got one thing to do, and that's to believe It, to accept It. He knows. You believe that? He knows what's in you, He knows what you are, He knows what your desire is, He knows what you have need of.

L-162 Jim, do you believe He knows about that baby? Took his fever before you left, a hundred and five. Do you believe He'll heal it? Come on it, today, sick. It'll leave it. I just looked over there and seen them before they left home, what they done. Now, that's true.

L-163 Mrs. Little, do you believe God would give you victory over that diabetes? There's a woman setting beside you, don't know you, but the Spirit's upon her. What she's worried about's a little... she got a child that has to have an operation for an eye or something. She's from Chicago. "Quicker, more powerful, than a two-edged sword; a Discerner." What is it? The Word! Do you believe that? Certainly. [Mark 16:17]

L-164 There's a lady setting right in the next row there; just had an eye operation, didn't do too well. But you--you believe It, it'll get... you'll--you'll get all right. Do you believe It? All right. She, she is thinking about that.

L-165 Mrs. Peckenpough, it isn't for you, it's for this grandson setting here. You're praying about it, but you believe that God will make it well? You believe God can tell me what's wrong with him. Doctors don't know; no. That's right. Swelling lungs. That's right. He's got a blood condition. Correct! They're kind of confused about whether they're going to let him go to school or not. "Quicker, more powerful, than a two-edged sword." [Mark 16:17]

L-166 I see a woman losing her food. She's somewhere, let me get her face somewhere. Yes, setting back there. Her name's Mrs. LewEllen. She believe with all her heart, that stomach trouble will leave you. Amen!

L-167 Here's a lady setting right across from her, looking at me right now, setting on the end; she's wearing glasses. She got arthritis. It's in your left hand; it was, it ain't now. Yes, if you believe!

L-168 What about that little baby, right back there? It comes from Ohio; got cancer in the eye. Do you believe God will heal it? He'll do it, you believe it. Ashland, Ohio! You believe now that God will make it well, He'll do it. What is It? "More powerful, quicker than any..."

L-169 Here sets a lady here, something struck her, she's got a trouble in her shoulder. That's right. Is that right? All right, believe It, and it'll leave. See? "The Word of God, a Discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart." [Mark 16:17]

L-170 Now, there's no prayer cards in this building. There's nobody to pray... give out any prayer cards. We don't use them here, 'less it's just have to keep in order. You want to be prayed for? How many wants to be prayed for while the Word is manifested through flesh? Let this row here get up and come down this way, right down this aisle here first, right in here, you that want to be prayed for. Then, after that, I want this aisle here to come down behind them. Then after they're through, let this aisle over here come.

L-171 "Quicker, more powerful,..." Could a two-edged sword do that? No, sir! But the Word of God can do it. Why? It is the Word of God. Now, you believe it?

L-172 The Great Physician! Where's that sister from down in--in Tennessee, Sister Ungren, or Downing? "The great Physician now is near."

L-173 I'll never forget that, in Fort Wayne that night when that little Amish girl or Dunkard was setting there, playing that, "The great Physician now is here," hearing that little boy was healed, she jumped up, the Holy Ghost fell on her, her pretty hair fell down across her shoulders, and the piano never missed a key. "The great Physician now is near, the sympathizing Jesus." Supernatural power moving them piano keys, playing "The great Physician now is near."

L-174 Look, are... You believe? You ought to? See? Now remember, when you pass... Now, if you don't believe it, don't come, you set down. Say, "I ain't going to. I ain't going to stumble into this. I'm coming, believe it." When I...

L-175 The Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." That's exactly right. Now, that's under conditions, "if you believe It." Now, I believe this. God's proved it to you, I believe It. You see? He manifest His Word, to show that it is His Word. A Scripture fulfillment, to prove that it is. Now, you believe it when you pass by. Will you do it? And then when I lay hands upon you,... that's exactly what the Bible said. [Mark 16:17]

L-176 You got anointing oil here, Brother Neville? Get that, and come over this other side, lets just fulfill the Scripture. Get over on this side here, and anoint every person as they pass by, and we'll pray for them. Now, so that I'll be sure, that I'll get the prayer of faith for every one of you, let's have everybody put your hands on one another that's believers. Just reach over, and cross your hands on each other. This is where we're going to find out something in a few minutes.

L-177 I'll see just how advanced my church is, on what we believe in; see just how advanced the people are; how they're ready to take the Sword and walk out in the front line, say, "I challenge you, Satan. See? I challenge you! You can't--you can't make me disbelieve anymore." What are these things done for? So that people will believe. It's the Word. It's where that shows that I am preaching to you the Truth, the Word. The Word made flesh, made flesh in you; made Word; made Life in you, made Life in me. See? The Great Physician! All right, let us bow our heads now.

L-178 Lord Jesus, the great Physician now is near, You are the Physician. I have preached Your Word, and Your Word has declared that You are here; that You are the same yesterday, today, and forever; that You cannot fail. You never failed us, Lord. And now, let each one of these that has their hands on each other, may the blessings of God rest upon them. And as we come, they're believers. And as we anoint them with oil, the pastor and I, and pass them through this line, may each one pass through here with faith to believe it, to know that the very God of Heaven stands present. May each one shake themself. Can they only this one time, Lord? Just let them... let it soak down, Lord, one time. Open their eyes, Lord, that they can see what is going on, and not be blind, staggering, but to see the reality of the Presence of a resurrected Jesus Christ. Grant it, Lord, through Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-179 I charge you in the Name of Jesus Christ, that you come not in this line unless you feel that you got that Perfect Faith, 'cause you're only taking their time, somebody else's time. Don't you do it! And by... as long as I've preached to you, have I ever said one thing to you but what it happened? Exactly! The Lord did that. He did it not for me, I believe. He did it for you, that you might believe that what I'm telling you is the Truth. Now you believe it, it'll be all right, and it... you'll get well. When you come by here, drop your unbelief right in this... a spiritual pocket down here. You won't see it, but it's there. When that oil touches you, drop your unbelief right there. Deposit that and walk away with Perfect Faith that you're well. Will you do it? The Lord bless you, then.

L-180 All right, I'm going to ask somebody who can lead songs, just to... Where is that great preacher, brother, that...? What's his name? Capps, Brother Capps. Is he in the line? What's that? Come here, Brother Capps, and stand there and sing (the congregation) while we all pray, "The great Physician now is near."

L-181 As they lead it, each one sing now with your heart. Don't just sing, say, "I'm going to sing, 'Great Physician now is near, sympathizing Jesus. Speak, drooping hearts to cheer, sympathizing Jesus.'" [Brother Branham illustrated an unemotional singing--Ed.] Oh, oh, oh, my!

L-182 All your jaw! On your toes. Fear the Word. "Yes, the great Physician now is near, the sympathizing Jesus!" He proves that He's here! I believe Him. Amen.

L-183 All right. Let the... Let those who have faith come forward.

L-184 In the Name of Jesus Christ, I lay my hands on her for her healing. In the Name of Jesus Christ, I condemn the sickness.

L-185 Name of Jesus Christ, I lay hands on my brother, for healing.

L-186 The Name of Jesus Christ, lay hands on my sister for her healing.

L-187 In the Name of Jesus Christ, I lay hands on my brother for his healing. In Jesus' Name, I lay hands on my sister for healing. In Jesus' Name, I lay hands on my brother. In the Name of Jesus Christ, lay hands on sister. In the Name of Jesus Christ, I lay hands on my brother. In the Name of Jesus Christ, I lay hands on my sister.

L-188 In the Name of Jesus Christ, lay hands my brother for healing. In the Name of Jesus Christ, lay hands on my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus Christ's Name! In Jesus' Name! In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In the Name of Jesus, heal my brother.

L-189 In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal this, my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name! In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother.

L-190 In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. May he be well. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal this, my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother.

L-191 In Jesus' Name, heal this child. God, grant it. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal this little boy. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal this little girl.

L-192 In the Name of Jesus, heal this, my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my brother.

L-193 Jesus' Name, heal this, my brother, Lord. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal, Lord, my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, Lord...?... for the glory of God.

L-194 Healing my brother, in Jesus' Name. Leave it alone. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal this child. Jesus' Name, heal this sister. Jesus' Name, heal this sister.

L-195 In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal the sister. Jesus' Name, heal sister...?... In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In the Name of Jesus, Lord, heal our sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother, make him well.

L-196 In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal my sister, Lord. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal this, my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal this little girl. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal the child.

L-197 Heal the child, Lord, in Jesus' Name. Heal the little boy, in Jesus' Name. Heal my sister, Lord, in Jesus' Name. Heal my Sister Collins, Lord, in Jesus' Name. Heal my sister, in Jesus' Name. Heal my brother, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Heal my sister, in Jesus' Name.

L-198 Deposit your unbelief now. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother.

L-199 Drop your unbelief in the box now. Pass by. Take Perfect Faith. In Jesus' Name, take it. May it be done. In Jesus' Name, grant it, Lord. In Jesus' Name, grant it, Lord. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister, Lord. In the Name of Jesus, heal my sister!...?... In the Name of Jesus, heal this. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister.

L-200 Bless you, brother. In Jesus' Name, heal Brother Cox, Lord. Praise God! In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister.

L-201 Now, remember, I'm putting every bit of faith that I know how to do, in this, for a purpose. In Jesus' Name, heal this little girl. In Jesus' Name, heal this sister.

L-202 God, I lay hands upon the baby. So shall it be healed, in Jesus' Name. Amen. In Jesus' Name, heal the little girl. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal this my brother.

L-203 The little girl? Hold them up to you. In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal them, Lord, for Your glory. In Jesus' Name, heal our sister. In Jesus' Name, heal our sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus, heal my little brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister.

L-204 In the Name of Jesus Christ, I ask for her healing. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister, Lord. In Jesus' Name, heal my little brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister.

L-205 In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal my brother, the child. In Jesus' Name, heal them, Lord. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. Jesus' Name, heal my brother. Heal my sister, in Jesus' Name. Heal my brother, in Jesus' Name. Heal my sister, in Jesus' Name. Heal my sister, in Jesus' Name. Heal my sister, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Heal my sister.

L-206 Heal my sister. Bless them, Lord, for their...?... in Jesus' Name. In Jesus' Name, heal my sister. In Jesus' Name, heal our brother. In Jesus' Name, heal our brother, Lord. In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal my sister, Lord. In Jesus' Name, grant his request. In Jesus' Name, heal my brother.

L-207 Deposit your unbelief. Come, believing now, God will grant it. Come, believing it, and God will grant it. I believe it. I'm using all the faith I know how. "They shall lay hands on the sick; they shall recover." In Jesus' Name, heal my brother. In the Name of Jesus Christ, heal my sister.

L-208 How is this sight, Brother Neville? Brother Dauch, a trophy of God's grace! This is the man supposed to died, a week or two ago.

L-209 In the Name of Jesus Christ, God, You must love him, Father, for You done great things for him. I lay my hands upon him, in the Name of Jesus Christ.

L-210 Lord God, upon his precious wife, I lay my hands on her, the Name of Jesus Christ, for her healing. Amen. That all of them?

L-211 Now, let's bow our head now. The great Physician now is near, The sympathizing Jesus; He speaks the drooping heart to cheer, Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Sweetest note in seraph's song, Sweetest name on mortal tongue; Sweetest carol ever sung, Jesus, blessed Jesus.

L-212 Know ye what I have done to you? You've called me, "your pastor"; and you say well, for so I am. If I, your pastor, have been identified by Jesus Christ, that I do His work, then believe my Word. By acting this act of faith, by laying hands upon you, I have condemned the disease and afflictions that's bothering you. Believe that, so shall you have your request, regardless of what it is, for all things are possible to them that believe. And when you pray, believe that you receive what you asked for. And I truly believe that I receive it, and in my heart I accept every one of your healing, I accept it, that it's done. I believe it, I believe it with all that's in me. Also, with my hands upon these handkerchiefs laying here, I been watching it close, I believe that they'll produce just exactly what the people requested. I--I believe it.

L-213 This is coming into that Third Pull! I--I'm believing it. Now I want to ask you a sincere question, you that passed through the prayer line. Can you actually believe, and feel now, that there is something happened in you since you've had hands laid on you? Raise your hand!...?... There it is. This is what we've waited for. Now, this is not... This is just starting to bloom now. See? Just started with... I did this for a purpose. I did this for a purpose. I'm working out something, see, it's taking this charge of faith and going right back to begin and come in; see, to kind of raise faith in a bracket where you've never noticed it that way before. Not a faith, but a Perfect Faith, build it up in here. And watch a perfect God, with a perfect heart, keep a perfect promise, by His Perfect Word, which is sharper than a two-edged sword and a Discerner of the thoughts of the heart. What? We're coming now to the perfection, because the people has to come to this in order for the Rapture. That's what's holding it away right now, is waiting for that Church to come into that Perfect Raptured Faith. Looking for it. It means a lot of shaving down for me, it means a lot for you, but together we'll make it by the grace of God. Amen. [Hebrews 4:12] The great Physician now is near, The sympathizing...

L-214 Lord Jesus, bless my dear brother. May Your Holy Ghost ever make this pastor well, and keep him healthy and strong, in the service that You called him. In Jesus' Name. I'm claiming it, Lord. I love him. We claim it. We know that it's right. We are believing it now. Sweetest carol ever sung, O Jesus, blessed Jesus.

L-215 Don't you love Him? Just think: right here now, already begun a work in your body, of your healing, because that He promised it would happen. And now, see, did you catch what I was saying tonight? Have you got the riddle of it? See, "If ye say to this mountain," see, don't doubt, don't doubt, but believe that what you have said. Now watch it, in less than five minutes time, every hand went up, that a work had begun in them right now. Oh, my! There He is. That's it! What is it? The Presence of the great Physician.

L-216 Oh, let's raise our hands to God and sing it again. The great Physician now is near, The sympathizing Jesus; He speaks the drooping heart to cheer, Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Sweetest note in seraph song, Sweetest name on mortal tongue; Sweetest carol ever sung, O Jesus, blessed Jesus.

L-217 Let's just stand still a minute. Let's just worship Him in our heart. Think of it: God, He's here. He's here. Who? Who identified Himself as being the Word? "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us, the same yesterday, today, and forever. The Word is sharper than a two-edged sword, even a Discerner of the thoughts and the intents (what you've come here for, what your purpose of being here, who you are)"; identified Jesus Christ to be Messiah, and today It identifies Him of being the same Messiah, yesterday, today, and forever. [John 1:1, 14], [Hebrews 13:8]

L-218 The Great Physician, Who is here, Who said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover. And if you say to this mountain, 'Be moved,' and don't doubt in your heart, but can believe." If He can create squirrels, who has no way at all, or nothing there to believe; it's my own faith that goes and does that, my faith in what He challenged me to ask. He challenged me to ask it. And I received His challenge in obedience to His Word, I asked it, and it appeared! God in Heaven knows that's true. Can't He also heal the sick? If He can lift me with a faith up this way, even for the people, even if they can't climb to that bracket. If they can't do it, He can use my faith. He can lift me to that place, and I'm climbing for you. I'm believing for you. I'm speaking for you. [Mark 16:17], [Mark 11:23], [Matthew 21:21]

L-219 I'm your brother, standing as your brother, an intercessor, trying my best to hold you before God. And I'm standing here right before the White Throne now, and staking that... pointing my finger to that bloody Sacrifice there, and speaking through His Name that it's done. It has to happen, and it has to happen. You know it's happened. I know it's happened, so do you know it's happened, and it's so. That's right. Amen. ... the carol ever sung, O Jesus, blessed Jesus. Sweetest note in seraph song, Sweeting name on mortal tongue; Sweetest carol ever sung, Jesus, blessed Jesus.

L-220 And the devils were subject unto us in Thy Name, sweetest Name on mortal tongue. The devils... That--That raises the dead, That heals the sick, That cleanses the leper, That casts out devils, That makes Christians. There's not another Name under Heaven. I live in It, baptized in It, believe It, worship in It. Oh, let me become part of It. Let me lose my own self; and find it, Lord, in Thee, That Name called Jesus Christ, the anointed Messiah, that I might press my way through the mud of unbelief to reflect the beauty of Jesus Christ: the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-221 God bless you now. When you get back here next Sunday, give the testimony how you were healed, what happened this week. Watch and see what happens. It's over! "How do you know?"

L-222 He told me to "say it," and I said it. That's it. That's it. It's over. I believe it. Now, the pastor, Brother Neville.

L-223 Just a moment. [A brother speaks in another tongue. Another brother gives an interpretation--Ed.]

L-224 Blessed be the Name of the Lord. Let's raise our hand and worship Him a minute.

L-225 We thank Thee, Lord. We thank Thee, Lord. Thank You, Father. Thank You, Father.

L-226 As a believer, did you notice the distance in how much of the message was spoke; and in the rhythm it was spoke in, and watch the interpretation turn back to the same? That's it. Watch what it was, exactly with the Message; and confirming that the thing was the Truth, that He had already performed what He promised you He would do. Watch the way that come forth, and watch the way this interpret. Watch how long he spoke, and watch how many words he said, see, just exactly. The Lord bless you, till I see you again. Amen. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ How Can I Overcome?
