Date: 1963-12-29
Title: Look Away To Jesus
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Branham Tabernacle
Location: Jeffersonville, IN
Duration: 129 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 63-1229E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Amen. Thank you, George, Becky, and Sister Ungren, that fine song! That's true, "All is change when Jesus comes." He just shuts out the darkness, and scatters the Light, and we are thankful for that. Now, that was Becky's first time to play in church here, so very appropriate song, When Jesus Came.

L-2 So we are grateful to be here again, tonight, and so thankful for the... your fine attendance this morning. And now tonight, is, I've got a little subject I want to talk on, in a few moments; but just before that, I've got some announcements to make, and things.

L-3 And I just a tiny bit hoarse. I think it's just the over-speaking. I preached a long time. But when I take these, hour or two, tapes, and when I come back here, it's because that I am taping that for around the world. And so I thank you for being so patient with us this morning.

L-4 And now there is a few things I would like to make mention of right here. That is, that, I--I would like to ask the church, the first thing, something that I have--have done, and I--I want to ask if I can change that, tonight. We're not...

L-5 I don't make new year's vows. Then I'm... we've got to go home tomorrow, so we won't be here for new year's, to... but we'll be remembering you. And I believe there will be a meeting here, new year's night. Yeah, that's right, a--a watch service, as they always have on new year's night. We'd like to stay, but we just can't get back in time then to--to get the kiddies in school. And my wife has got to wash up their clothes; you know how it is.

L-6 So I want to thank each one of you for your fine things that you did for us through Christmas. And you women who went up there and put food in the house, and things, for us, that when we got there--there, stuff was already cooked and was ready to eat. I certainly thank you for that. May God ever bless you.

L-7 And the church, for their little ticket, that I could go over here and--and get some clothes if I wanted them, for a suit. They give me a suit each year. And some kind friends of mine just got me a suit. So I think, if it's all right, I need some other things like shirts and undershirts, and things, I'd like to take the money up in that if it's all right with the church. I need that better than I... worse than I do the suit, right at the time.

L-8 And now, this young fellow that just sang for us, Brother George Smith, from down in Tucson, we've been going up to their church up there, the New Testament Baptist church. His father is a missionary. I think he has about seven churches down in Old Mexico. And there is certainly some fine people there. And his father and mother, and all of them, are fine people. And George is a very fine young man. I was just sorry that he didn't give us a word of testimony before he sat down, of the saving grace of Christ in his life.

L-9 And now, the--the Messages, I promised here not long ago, that the Messages, before I went out in the meetings, I'd come here and tape them first and then go out. That was because of getting the tapes to the people. Then I'd come here and tape a Message, and then go out and preach It. That would give the people a chance, to--to the tape makers, to make the tape and take it with us as we went. Now I'm fixing to leave on a great string of evangelistic tour, so I--I won't be able to do that from now on, see, and the one who takes the tapes will just have to get them as we go along.

L-10 And I think, after all, aren't they having a meeting on tapes this week? Or, something or other about, something about the tapes this week. Anyhow, I think Brother Sothmann is here, and he represents Brother Maguire. I don't know whether he is here or not. I think Brother Fred is here. Somebody said he was here. And he... I think they're having a meeting this week, maybe tomorrow night, or sometime, about the tapes. We was talking about it the other night, in the room there. I think the time is up for something, that they take and make arrangements about it.

L-11 So, from now on, I'll probably just speak Messages that I haven't touched here at the tabernacle, out in the meetings.

L-12 And now I have, want to be grateful to God for that testimony of Brother Blair. Happens to be that Brother and 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min Sister Blair is sitting right here tonight, sitting right here before us, the one that had the little boy. And I remember when the Lord told me, when he was... Brother Blair, all tore up, weeping. And his little boy had got crushed in the face like this, of a turned-over car, and he was very bad. But while I was a--a praying, I saw the little fellow all right. And Brother Blair, course, asked me, said, "Brother Branham, is this THUS SAITH THE LORD?" I said, "Brother Blair, Blair, it's THUS SAITH THE LORD."

L-13 And Brother Blair is here tonight. And we are certainly thankful to have Brother Blair with us. And he has been suffering with a--a little trouble of nervousness. And Satan give him a great rap, here not long ago, to try to get him to disbelieve me. And while Satan was doing that, the Lord came right around and revealed it to him; and told him about it, just to cut it off before the time come for this. And Brother Blair is a fine man. And I want you to remember him. He is kind of halt between opinions on what to do. He doesn't know just how to turn. And I trust, Brother Blair, that God... You're a great servant of Christ, and He has got plenty for you to do, 'cause the Lights are getting dim. Were you here this morning? Uh-huh. Well, that's very fine.

L-14 Now--now, I suppose, the next time I get to see you, may be up in the Spring, a little bit. And by that time, maybe we'll know whether we're going to hold the--the meetings, or not, here at Jeffersonville, during the time that I should a-been in Norway and in the Scandinavian countries. Now just before we take a text...

L-15 Cause, we got a prayer line coming up, and many are standing, the rooms, and around the walls, and so forth, and I know, you, it's very hard on you. And I stood, a many time, myself. And I passed by, a while ago, bringing the wife down, I noticed the people around the doors. And I thought, "Who says the Gospel still isn't the most attractive thing there is in the world?" Sure is. It's, It attracts those who are interested in It. Those who are not interested, of course, they don't. They, It won't be. But, Jesus, "If I," said, "if I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw all man unto Me." How true that is! [John 12:32]

L-16 And when I get here, there is just so much to say, and I have to kind of jot down what I'm going to say here, for a while. Or I... There is so much to say, you just forget what you're going to say.

L-17 Now, I understand that Brother Ungren's father was baptized this morning, in the Name of Jesus Christ. And if Sister Ungren and them are here, I am sure that's a great thing to them, because that's been their constant payer for many years. And Brother Ungren, wherever you are, God richly bless you, my brother.

L-18 And if that isn't correct, God make me answer for it at the Day of the Judgment. See? I know it's correct. I--I'll take the blame for that. That's exactly right, because it is the Truth. You say, "Does it make any difference?"

L-19 It did to Paul. They asked how they had been baptized. They said they had already been baptized by John, the man that baptized Jesus. Paul said they had to come and be rebaptized, again, in the Name of "Jesus Christ." And not one person in the Bible was ever baptized in the Name of "the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." [Acts 19:1-5]

L-20 No people was ever baptized like that till the organizing of the Catholic church at the Lao-... Lao-Nicaea, Lao-Nicene Council at Lao-Nicaea, Rome. That's where the first person was ever baptized, using the titles.

L-21 A fellow said to me the other day. I said, "Well, if... The 'Lord Jesus,' that's His Name." He said... "Well," I said, "if a fellow come to you..." He said, "I don't think it makes any difference."

L-22 I just caught him in his own doctrine. I said, "If a man come to you and said, 'I am baptized in the Name of the Rose of Sharon, Lily of the Valley, and the Morning Star,' would you say 'amen' to that?" He said, "No, sir." I said, "How would you... Would you rebaptize him? Said, "Yes, sir." I said, "How would you baptize him?" He said, "I would baptize him in the Name of 'the Father, Son, Holy Ghost.'"

L-23 And I said, "That's the way I would baptize him, yeah, in the Name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost." I said, "Now, 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min 'Rose of Sharon, Lily of the Valley, and Morning Star' is no name." He said, "That's right. It's a title."

L-24 I said, "So is 'Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Now I would baptize him in the Name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; and the Name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost is 'the Lord Jesus Christ.' Exactly. So I say..." And he saw it.

L-25 It was Brother Joseph Mattsson-Boze, of Chicago, the hardest fellow I've ever had to break through, with it. And I suppose I've got around three or four thousand natives to baptize now, when I get over in Africa with him, and to be baptized over again.

L-26 Now, so we are grateful for the Gospel Light. And so now, Jesus said, when He was here on earth, "I, what I hear, that I speak." And now I'm going to say... just for our next, about ten minutes, or fifteen, just before I take my text, and a very short text, and then we'll have the prayer line. I have come to a place in my ministry, to where I'm... I've got to--to say something. And I...

L-27 Jesus said it. That what He heard, that was what He spoke. And He said, "I called you My friends, and a friend tells his friends all things." [John 15:14]

L-28 Paul said, in Acts 20:27, "I have not shunned to declare to you the whole Counsel of God." See? [Acts 20:27]

L-29 And may I join in, tonight, and say the same thing with that great saint of old. To the best of my knowledge, I have not... I have not shunned, but declared to you the whole Counsel of God.

L-30 Someone was playing one of the tapes, the other day. And just because it made somebody angry, they shot at them through the window, and a woman wounded.

L-31 So perhaps someday I'll seal my testimony. But when that time comes and it's... I'm ready to go. Until my time comes, there is nothing going to hurt me until that time. See?

L-32 Now, we believe in the same Gospel, just the way the Bible is written. It's zeroed. And--and if the gun is exactly zeroed, and in tune; if it strikes the target the first time, it'll strike it the second time, and every time.

L-33 If a tree, or a limb, vine, puts out a branch, and that branch bears a certain fruit; the next time the--the vine puts out a branch, it'll bear the same kind of fruit.

L-34 And if Jesus is the Vine, and we are the branches; and the first Branch, Church, that that Vine put out, they wrote a Book of Acts behind it. And that first Branch baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ. And they had the living God among them, that did the same things among them that He did when He was on earth. Therefore, the people taken notice to them, though ignorant and unlearned, that they had been with Jesus, because His Life was through them. [John 15:1-5]

L-35 As I have said, if I had the spirit of--of Beethoven in me, I would write songs. If Beet-... if I... If Beethoven lived in me, I would be Beethoven. See?

L-36 If Shakespeare lived in me, I'd be Shakespeare. I--I'd write poems, and--and--and plays, and so forth, if Shakespeare lived in me.

L-37 And if Christ lives in me, the works of Christ you'll do. Right. It's got to be. And what is Christ? The Word. He said, "If ye abide in Me, My Word in you, then ask what you will; it'll be done." Because, the Word is there, just needs the Light; and the Light makes It live. [John 15:7]

L-38 So now I am going to say something to you, now, that I haven't said all along. And, that is, the thing that we have looked forward to for so long (for at least many years, four or five years, or maybe longer), the Third Pull, has now been vindicated, and I'm sure you all know what it is.

L-39 Now remember, there'll never be an impersonation of that, 'cause it can't be. See, it cannot be. Now it's in existent. And I have... I am warned of this, that soon... Right at this time now it's just happened, so it could identify its presence among you, see, but it will not be used in a great way until this Council begins to tighten up. And when it does, when that does... The Pentecostals, and so forth, can almost impersonate anything can be done. But when that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, then you'll see, what you've seen temporarily, be manifested in the fullness of its power. 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min See? See? See? See?

L-40 Now I must continue in evangelism. Just as I was commissioned, first, I must continue on. Therefore, you've had the Word, and you know what to look for, how to stand. I must continue on in evangelism. And, friends of mine, keep still, and just keep moving on, for the hour is approaching swiftly, see, that when something is going to be done.

L-41 Now, you might see some little odd things happen for me. Nothing sinful; I don't mean that. But, I mean, something odd to what the regular trend. Because, where I reached to now, in the ministry, I am dropping back here, watching that spot and waiting for the time to use it. But, it's going to be used.

L-42 And everyone knows that, for, as certain as the First was identified, so has the Second been identified. And if you'll think real closely, you who are spiritual. As the Bible said, "Here is to him that has wisdom." The Third is properly identified. See? We know where it is. So, the Third Pull is here.

L-43 It is so sacred, that, I mustn't say much about it. As He told me in the beginning, said, "This, say nothing of it." You remember that, years ago? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] It speaks for itself. See? But you... I've tried to explain the others, and I made a mistake. This will be the thing, that, to my opinion... I don't say the Lord tells me this. This will be a thing that will start the Rapturing faith, for the going away. See? See? And it...

L-44 I must lay quiet for just a little while. Now remember, and who is listening to this tape, you might see such a change in my ministry right away, dropping back, not going up; dropping back. We're right at the age now, and it can't be, can't go any further. We have to wait just a minute until this happens over here, to catch up, then the time comes. But, it's thoroughly identified.

L-45 There is coming a time upon, in this nation, to where this nation is going to exercise all the power that the beast had before it, which was pagan Rome when it become papal Rome, see, that this nation will do that.

L-46 Revelations 13 plainly explains it. "The lamb come up out of the earth. The other beast come up out of water," thickness and multitudes of people. This lamb come up where there were no people. A lamb represents a religion. The Lamb of God... And, remember, it spoke like a lamb. It was a lamb. [Revelation 13:1-9]

L-47 And then, after a while, it be-... received power, and spoke like a dragon; and exercised all the--the dragon, power the dragon had before him. And the dragon is "Rome," always. So don't you see? Roman denomination; "a mark," Protestant denomination; "a image unto the beast," making a power that'll force all Protestants, like a union. You'll have to be into this Council of Churches, or you won't be able to have fellowship. Or to--to...

L-48 Well, it's--it's practically that way now. You can't go to a church and preach unless you have a fellowship card or some identification. And now, on persons like ourselves, we're going to be cut out of all that, altogether, that's exactly, 'cause they won't be able to do it.

L-49 It's tightening. And then when that time comes, and the press comes to a place to where you're pressed out, then watch what I'm fixing to tell you in a few minutes. Watch the Third Pull then, see, and it'll be absolutely to the total lost, but it--it will be for the Bride and the Church.

L-50 Now we are closer than it seems to be. I don't know when, but it's real, real close. I may be building a platform for somebody else to step on. I may be taken before that time. I don't know. And that time may be this coming week, that the Holy Spirit will come with... and bring Christ Jesus. He may come this next week. He may come yet tonight. I don't know when He will come. He doesn't tell us that.

L-51 But I do believe, that we are so close, that I would never die with old age. Yet, at fifty-four years old, I'll never die with old age, until He's here. See? Unless I'm shot, killed, or something other, some way killed, just old age wouldn't kill me, until He's come. And I believe that.

L-52 And I want to say this. I've never said it before. But according to Scripture, according to what He said thirty years ago; thirty-three years ago on the river down there, in 1933, rather; what He said, everything has happened just exactly. I may not do it, but this Message will introduce Jesus Christ to the world. For, "As John the Baptist was sent to forerun the first coming, so is the Message to forerun the second Coming." And John said, "Behold the Lamb of God that takes 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min away the sin of the world." See? So, it's, it paralleled it in every way. And I know it will, the Message will go on. [John 1:29]

L-53 Now, there's been some great things take place along the road. This morning I was having interviews in the room here. And a--a young fellow, by the name of Autry, he is probably still in here tonight. He is from San Antonio, Texas. He come to ask if... when we was going to Dallas, coming from California; if we could drop in one night at their tabernacle, just for one night. And they're looking it up, in the next day or two, to see if we can do that. And he was telling me about... I had never been to San Antonio since that first meeting.

L-54 Now, the first meeting, when I come to San Antonio. I was there, I think, with Brother Coot and the--and the International Bible School. And I forget the auditorium we had the service in. And it was either my first night or second night, I think the first night, when I was walking to the platform, someone raised up in the building, way back in the back, and spoke with tongues, like a--a machine gun firing. And he had no more than sat down, just a moment or two, till one raised on the platform and give the interpretation.

L-55 And I stopped, at what he said. And I said to the man, "Do you know this man?" He said, "No, sir." And he said... I said, "How did you come here?"

L-56 He said, "The people that I work for, was at... was here tonight, and they brought me." He's a... was a cowboy. And I said, "What do you do?" He said... "Do you know him?"

L-57 He said, "No, sir. I never seen him."

L-58 And I said, "What are you?" And he was a--a merchant in the city.

L-59 And what they said in the--the... Now, I was always, before I learned better, I was a little skeptic of speaking in tongues; I thought a lot of it was flesh, and it might be. But when this was said, that interpretation was exactly what the Angel of the Lord said down on the river, eleven years before that, "As John the Baptist was sent to forerun the first coming of Christ, you're sent to forerun the second." See?

L-60 And there it was, when that Angel, that Light that's been thoroughly identified. Both by the church, by the Word, by science, and everything, has identify it. That Light, for Its first time to appear in public, standing right over where I was; at about two o'clock in the afternoon, at the foot of the bridge right there, right down here at the foot of Spring Street, in the water. Now, that's been many, many years ago. And exactly what It said, has come to pass, to the dot.

L-61 This brother here was telling me, this morning. He married a girl out of the church here, Sister Noyes' daughter. And I don't know, I guess the young man... Are you here, Brother Autry? I don't know. He was from San Antonio. I don't know whether he is here or not. He was here this morning. And he was telling me. I believe it was his grandfather, during that meeting, had been an epileptic all of his life, and was brought there.

L-62 That was the First, beginning of the ministry, when It said that, and the discernment was putting their hands upon mine, and what would be said would be what it was. And I told you, and many are witnesses tonight, that it would come to pass that I would know the very secret of their heart. You remember that, before it ever happened? About five or six years later, that taken place; in up in Canada, for its first time, and that happened. Then He said, "If you'll keep being sincere, it'll just keep going." And now the Third thing has taken place, see, just constantly moving on.

L-63 And he said his father was brought in the line, and told of this epilepsy, and so forth, and a prayer prayed for him. And that's been sixteen years ago, I think it is, about sixteen or seventeen years ago. And he says he never has had a seizure of it since. And he's pretty near eighty-five years old, and never had a seizure since. What is it? "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever."

L-64 Is Margie Morgan in the building? Sister Margie Morgan, a lady that was eaten up with cancer; a nurse. How many remembers Sister Morgan? If she is here, she can't get in. She was nursing. You see, on the cancer list in Louisville, the woman has been dead for about sixteen, seventeen years, on the cancer list in Louisville.

L-65 When Jim Tom Robertson, the attorney, Christian attorney, heard about it, he went to the Baptist Hospital, to 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min check and see if it was right, 'cause his father is on the board, trustee at the Baptist Hospital. And they looked up the case, and the woman was supposed to have been dead, years ago. And she is nursing here at the Jeffersonville, in the hospital. When she stood right here, when they had to hold her up, not even in her own mind. But it was THUS SAITH THE LORD, and she is a living. She went to nursing, in Louisville.

L-66 And a fellow down here, Schimpff's Candy place. Is Mr. Schimpff here tonight? I'd like for him to tell it, if he is here. Sonny Schimpff, great healthy man. Many times when I used to...

L-67 I hate to say this, but it's the truth. Pop used to give me a dime if I worked all week, and I'd came to town and park my bicycle around at Brother Mike Egan's place, one of the trustees here. With Jimmy Poole, I think his son is here tonight; Jim and I, and Earnest Fisher, and we would go down town, and go to the picture show for a nickel, and we used to see the old still pictures. We was little kids, and wanted to, about eight, ten years old. We had that William S. Hart. Many of you guys don't remember him, the old actor. Still pictures; and I couldn't read. I'd just have to watch what was going on. And it would have to spell it all out, and I couldn't make it, but I'd watch what he was doing.

L-68 And I'd have an extra nickel. And how many remembers getting a penny ice cream cone? All right. I could get three ice cream cones, and two-pennies worth of red hots. I couldn't hold the ice cream cone, so I would eat them. And get me two-pennies worth of red hots, it would be almost a half a pound of them things. And Schimpff's made them. And I'd go in there, and sit back and watch William S. Hart.

L-69 And this young fellow, a little older than I, stricken down with a disease, that five noted specialists of Louisville passed him by, weighing about forty-five pounds, and was dying. Mrs. Morgan was nursing him. And he was in such a condition! He had so many things; his lungs was gone, his throat was gone. His little arms was just about that big around, and he was lying there, dying.

L-70 And Mrs. Morgan was hired to come on the job. So she said to him, "I was once the cancer patient," and began to tell him.

L-71 He said, "Who did you say, Billy Branham? Why," he said, "I've sold him a many a bunch of red hots and ice cream cones." He said, "Wonder if he'd come pray for me?" And I went over to pray for Junie Schimpff.

L-72 And now if you would like to talk to him, it's Schimpff's Candy down here, right next door, or second door from LeRose Theatre, down the street. Schimpff's Candy, all of you here know where that's at. My, it's one of the oldest establish in Jeffersonville.

L-73 And while lying there, dying, with five specialists giving him just hours to live. It was THUS SAITH THE LORD, "You'll not die; but you'll sell me again red hots, over the counter." Long...

L-74 I knowed he got well, but long had I forgotten that. And wife and I was going down to buy some candy, when we got here at Christmas. And how, I don't know, that we ever thought of Schimpff's. Cause, usually, go over here to some of these drugstores and pick it up, but we stopped in front of Schimpff's.

L-75 When I went in, his sister looked, and she said, "Well, Brother Branham." She said, "You remember Junie?"

L-76 I said, "Yes." And there, a great big, strong, healthy-looking fellow.

L-77 And I walked over to the counter, looked at it, looked down like this. I said, "I'll take a pound of those red hots."

L-78 And he said, "Yes, sir." So, his sister was waiting on my wife. And, so, he got them out.

L-79 And I said, "I used to eat them, a long time ago, over here in the picture show"; keep my head down. And he said, "Yeah," said, "many of the kids buy that." "They still buy," I said. He said, "My father made that, fixed up that formula." I said, "I really like them."

L-80 Now, after he got it all fixed out and hand it to me, said, "Is there anything else?" And I said, "I don't know," and raised up. Oh, my! He said, "Brother Branham!"

L-81 I said, "Here is the red hots, that, I told you, 'THUS SAITH THE LORD,' about five years ago."

L-82 He said, "Brother Branham, I am so completely healed, there is not even one effect. I'm a tiny bit hard hearing in 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min one ear." I guess he is in his fifties. He said, "I'm a tiny bit hard hearing in one ear, because they give me so much antibiotic when I was in there." Amazing grace of Jesus Christ!

L-83 Now I haven't got much time now to say something else, but I--I--I want to make this statement.

L-84 How many remembers about the squirrels? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] All right. That was a puzzling Scripture, in my life, that I--I never could understand that.

L-85 And there was another one that puzzled me, that was when Moses could tell God a better way than God knowed how to do anything, when Moses said, "The people will say, 'Your God was able to bring you out, but not able to keep you,'" and Moses threw hisself in the breach. Then later I found out that, Moses, that was Christ in Moses, standing for the people. See? [Deuteronomy 9:28]

L-86 So then on this Scripture, that I never would preach on it, "If you say to this mountain, 'Be moved.'" And you know the story, so I'll bypass that. Now, little did I know what that was leading to. And I think that Brother Woods and Brother Fred, and them, are here in the building, which was present when that happened, or right after it happened there. [Matthew 17:20-21], [Matthew 21:21-22], [Mark 11:22-26]

L-87 And Brother Rodney and Brother Charlie, from down in Kentucky, Sister Wood's brother and them was present when it happened down in Kentucky, which was the second time it happened. Just simply speaking into existence, things that wasn't. See? Speaking, all time, and backing up the Scriptures, encouraging.

L-88 The third time it happened was Hattie Wright. Is Hattie here tonight? That's Edith's... How many knows Hattie Wright? Brother Woods and I were sitting there when it happened, and when the Holy Spirit said, "Give her what she wants," and we was talking about that, how them squirrels come into existence.

L-89 And I said, "Is, only thing it is, He is Jehovah-Jireh. Just when Abraham needed a ram, God provided that ram. And He provided the squirrels. He can speak a squirrel just into existence, because He is creator, just the same as He could speak the ram. Abraham never asked for it. He was just simply going on to do it, but it showed that Jehovah-Jireh was there." [Genesis 22:10-14]

L-90 When I said that, a humble little woman... For the first time this ever happened, the Third Pull, upon a human being, was a little, humble woman.

L-91 That, making about two hundred dollars a year, for her living, all she got out of her little farm. Her husband dead; two children that had turned kind of wild. And come and donated twenty dollars, of that, to the building of this Tabernacle. And Meda had give me some money that morning for groceries, twenty dollars, and I was going to give it back to her that day, while I was down there, so that she wouldn't have to pay it. But she wouldn't take it. And when...

L-92 She was sitting back in the corner, and when I said, "Only thing I know, is, He is still Jehovah-Jireh."

L-93 And little Hattie said the right word. She said, "That's nothing but the Truth."

L-94 And when she said that, Brother Banks Woods here is one that was present, that room felt like it was coming apart. And the Holy Spirit said, the same Voice that spoke about the squirrels, said, "Give her what she asks for."

L-95 And I said, "Sister Hattie, as a witness before God, this is it. Now, if there is any doubt in your mind, you ask what you want to, and if it ain't laid in your lap, then I'm a false prophet."

L-96 She said, "Brother Branham." Everybody was crying. Said, "What shall I ask?"

L-97 I said, "You are poor, and you live on the hill over there, with no money; you might ask for that. You got a little, crippled sister sitting here, Edith, that we prayed for, for years; you might ask for her healing." I said, "Your father and mother is old and broke down; you might ask for them. Whatever you ask for, Sister Hattie, see now if it happens or not, right now." And I said, "He has just told me, the same Voice, said, 'Give her what she asks for.'"

L-98 And she looked around, said, "What shall I say, Brother Branham?"

L-99 I said, "Say what your desire is. Think of your greatest desire, and say it."

L-100 And her boys was even snickering and laughing. And she said, "The greatest desire I have is the salvation of my 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min two sons."

L-101 I said, "I give them to you, in the Name of Jesus Christ," and there they went.

L-102 And they been faithful in this church, with communion, them little fellows sitting there washing feet with the man, and things like that. We all are witness of that.

L-103 She had a real choice. Her mother has to die, so does she, all of them. But what she asked will be Eternal, and the salvation of her children. That was the third time it happened.

L-104 The fourth time it happened, I just explained it here the last time I was here, was up on the mountain where that storm raging. How many heard it? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Oh, all of you. All right. Where the storm raging. And God being my Judge standing here, going down the mountain when...

L-105 David Wood, he is here somewhere, I guess, that made me a sandwich, and it was quite a one! I think he was trying to get even with me for the one I made for his daddy, a few years ago. He had bologna, and--and meat and everything mixed together. And I put it in my shirt, and it rained, and just got it just a big wad of dough.

L-106 And I was coming down the mountain. It was so stormy, I couldn't even see my hand before me, hardly. And I know, just one thing, you're turned around, 'cause that wind is just whirling. Now there is witnesses here, to that.

L-107 One of them is one of our faithful deacons, which is Brother Wheeler. Are you here, Brother Wheeler? Where is he at? Yeah, right here, Brother Wheeler.

L-108 Brother Mann, a Methodist preacher from New Albany. Is he, Brother Mann, in tonight? I don't know whether he is or not.

L-109 Brother Banks Woods. Are you here, Brother Banks? He is in the recording room. All right. And--and David Woods.

L-110 And Brother Evans was there, I believe. Is that right, Brother Evans? Brother Evans, standing against the wall, was there.

L-111 And how they had broadcast for days, two days before that, "A mighty blizzard was sweeping the land."

L-112 Brother Tom Simpson is here tonight. When coming down out of Canada, they asked him to bypass there 'cause he couldn't get through, "A blizzard was coming." Brother Tom, are you here? Where are you? Here he is, sitting right here. And there the clouds come up. And I said, "Brethren..."

L-113 Everybody rushed out. There was nobody back there, out of a hundred and something man back there, there was nobody back there but our little group and the cowboy, the rider. And we was going to stay.

L-114 I called Sister Evans, and had her to call the wife and tell her to tell Tony, "If I didn't get out, get somebody else to hold the breakfast for the Business Men."

L-115 And up on the mountain that--that day, I said, "Now when it, first little rain starts, or anything, take for the camp." I said, "Within ten or fifteen minutes you can't see your hands before you, one of them blizzards, and it'll dump twenty foot of snow just in a little bit, over the mountain."

L-116 And that's how people, you read it in the paper, how they're back there and perish, and everything. But we knew how to get out, and they knowed where we was at, and so we felt led to stay.

L-117 And so up on the mountain, when that blizzard started, I started going down. And I was just about half a mile from where I started, and the Voice of God said, "Turn and go back."

L-118 And I went back as He told me, after waiting for a while and eating that sandwich that David give me, and went back up there and sat down.

L-119 And while I was sitting there, and that wind twisting and blowing, the tree tops leaning way over, and the sleet and snow a-flying like that, a Voice said, "I am the God of creation." 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-120 I looked up, and I thought, "Where was that? That was the wind, maybe."

L-121 He said, "I created the heavens and earth. I stilled the mighty winds upon the seas," and went on talking. I jumped up and took off my hat.

L-122 And He said, "Just speak to the storm, and it'll cease. Whatever you say, that's what will happen."

L-123 And I said, "Storm, you cease. And, sun, you shine normally for four days, till we are out of here."

L-124 And I no more than said it, until the sleet, snow and everything stopped. In a moment or two, the hot sun was shining on my back. I seen the winds blowing like this, come back from the North, coming down... I mean from the East, coming from the East. It was coming from the West; the winds changed and came back this way. And the clouds, like a mystic thing, lifting up into the air, and the sun was shining in a few minutes.

L-125 Then the Lord Jesus spoke to me a little later on, about my wife down there, as you know, about where I went up there. I've never been home on a anniversary yet, and we've been married twenty-two years. The first anniversary, the first, our wedding, why, I took her on a hunting trip. Cause, I couldn't afford to take the hunting trip, and--and--and go on a honeymoon, too, so I--I kind of put it together. And so, then, and I've been hunting ever since. I felt the way I'd treat her. Now, that was the fourth time it happened.

L-126 Now here is something I--I want to say, and I must tell exactly the truth. About sixteen years ago I was in California with Brother John Sharrit, and I was having a meeting. And Meda and I, and Brother Sharrit and Sister Sharrit, and them, were staying in a hotel. And a man named Paul Melikian, who stood right here in this Tabernacle many time; he's a wealthy Armenian. And his wife had give birth to a child up at Fresno, California, where they lived; and was come down, brought his wife down, and called me at the hotel, and said, "Can I bring my wife up, Brother Branham?" I said, "Yes, you may." Next day, I was going to Catalina.

L-127 So he brought his wife up, and the little lady was so sick! And she looked... I said, "Put your hand on mine, Sister Melikian," I said, "we'll see if the Lord will tell us." And as soon as she laid her hands upon me, I said, "Oh, it's milk leg." She said, "I don't seem to have any symptoms."

L-128 I said, "You watch." In two days, they was doctoring her for milk leg.

L-129 Like little Jimmy Poole here, his little baby. The other day he come in with that heart attack, they thought, and it was an asthmatic attack. And I put my hand on him. I said, "Watch him for a couple of days; he's got measles. It's coming through. It's the fever." I met him last night. He said he's broke out, all over, in measles. See?

L-130 Now, I was talking to Sister Melikian, with the hand. She said, "That's amazing thing, to watch that, Brother Branham." She said, "Does that work on every hand?"

L-131 I said, "Well, if there's something wrong with the patient." I said, "Now here, I'll put my hand on," many of you stood and watched it, and it didn't do it. I said, "Here, there is nothing wrong with my wife, put her hand..."

L-132 "Look here, honey, put your hand on mine." She is sitting there, my wife. She put her hand on mine. As soon as it did, I said, "You have a cyst on the left ovary. You do have female trouble." And she said, "I don't feel any different."

L-133 I said, "But you have it." Becky was two years old. My daughter that just played, a while ago, she was two years old.

L-134 Two more years, Sarah come on the scene, and when... She was with caesarean. And I asked Doctor Dillman, our doctor down in--in Corydon, to, "When you have her open, look at that left ovary," and he did. He said, "There is nothing wrong, that I saw." I put my hand; it was still there.

L-135 Four years later come Joseph. I asked him to look again. "Nothing wrong, as I seen." Put my hand; it was still 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min there. So we just forgot about it.

L-136 Now this is something that I have to say. I don't like to say it, but it just has to make the truth, see, and that's what you want. Always tell the truth, no matter what takes place. Years had passed, we had never noticed it.

L-137 And I say this, not because she is sitting there, because I say it when she is not there. And you know that. I don't believe there could be a better wife in the world than my wife, and I hope she always remains that way. And I want to be a loyal husband, and I hope that every young man in this building, when he gets married, gets a wife like my wife. I don't know how long we'll live that way, but I hope the rest of our days on earth. We've been very happy together. God was the one who told me to marry her.

L-138 At the same time, her not knowing, I was trying not to marry her; not because I didn't love her, but because I didn't think I was able to make a living for her. And she was a fine woman, and I just didn't deserve that.

L-139 And she went out to pray, and opened up the Bible. And guess... She said, "Lord, I've never did this before, but give me a Scripture that'll help me. If I got to forget him, I've got to forget it." Opened the Bible...

L-140 And she went out in a little shed and prayed. And when she opened the Bible up, "Malachi 4. Behold, I send unto you Elijah the prophet before the..." That was--that was twenty something years ago, knowing nothing about the ministry of this day. And I was... couldn't be...

L-141 I was lying down on the river there. And He woke--woke me up, one night, and I heard Him standing there by the door. He said, "Go get her, and your wedding shall be this coming October, the twenty-third." And that's just exactly what I did. And we've lived happy. By the grace of God, we've never had one word. She's been a sweetheart.

L-142 One day I come in. And she has had to raise these children by herself; me gone in the ministry. Not many women would put up with that; you know that, they would be hard. And then I come in, and she said something or the other. We got Joseph back there, and he's a... He sure is a boy! And he helped put some of the gray hair in his mother's head, as well as I did. So he was really all boy, and he had done something real bad. And I said to her... She said to me, "Bill, give him a licking." I said, "I just ain't got the nerve." See?

L-143 And she said, "Yes, if you had to put up with it," and she slammed the door right in my face.

L-144 "Well," I thought, "that's all right. Poor little fellow didn't mean that."

L-145 I just went on out to wash my car. And when I got out there, the Holy Spirit didn't like it; He said, "Go tell her," I believe it's Second Chronicles, 22nd chapter. I didn't. I thought, at first, I just imagined that. I just kept on washing. And It said it again, "Go tell her to read this."

L-146 And I went in and got the Bible, and read it. It was where Mo-... or Miriam, the prophetess, made fun of her brother, Moses, for marrying an Ethiopian girl, and God didn't like it. And He said, "It had been better that her father spit in her face, than--than to--to a-done that." [Numbers 12:14]

L-147 So, Miriam broke out with leprosy, all over. And so Aaron come, told his sister, said... or come told his brother, said, "She is dying, with leprosy."

L-148 And so Moses run in to intercede for her, at the altar. And when he did, the Pillar of Fire come down, God. He said, "Go call her and Aaron, and bring them here." And Aaron was in it, too. So He said, "Call them and come here."

L-149 He said, "If there be one among you," God speaking now to them, "that is spiritual, or a prophet, I the Lord will make Myself known to him. I'll speak to him in visions, and reveal Myself to him by dreams, and--and reveal dreams, and so forth." He said, "But My servant, Moses, there is no one in the land like him." He said, "I speak with him from lip to ear." He said, "Didn't you fear God?" See, God didn't like it. [Numbers 12:6-8]

L-150 Well, when I seen that, I run in. And she was in the other room. I knocked on the door. She had shut herself up. And I told her I want to speak to her. And I went in there and talked to her, tried to tell her what it was. I said, "Sweetheart, you know how I love you, but God didn't like that. You oughtn't to a-said that." Immediately after that, 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min she took a trouble in her side.

L-151 We took her over to the doctor here in Louisville, Doctor Arthur Schoen, and he found a tumor on the left ovary, that I had found fifteen or sixteen years before. "Tumor on the left ovary, about the size of a walnut." I said, "What about it, doctor?"

L-152 He said, "Let's see what happens. Bring her back again in a few months, about two months or something."

L-153 We took her back. It had growed, from a walnut to about the size of a lemon. Said, "Better come out; if that gets soft and turn malignant."

L-154 And I said, "Well, my," I said, "we're--we're going to Tucson. The Lord has sent me out to Tucson."

L-155 He sent her up to a female specialist; he didn't want it on his hands. So he must have told him about my ministry, 'cause he... The female specialist said, "It'll have to come out." So he said... We told him we were going to--to Tucson. He said, "Well, I've got a specialist there, a dear friend of mine. I used to live in Tucson." He said, "I'm going to send you to him."

L-156 So he wrote a note and sent it to him, and said, "Mrs. Branham is a nice lady," and went on like that. Said... Sent her the diagram of how big the tumor was, and so forth. It had turned tumor then; and said how big it was. And said, "I know..." You know, he knowed he... I think he thought, called me a "Divine healer." That's all he knowed how to put it. But said, "I have agreed that--that it could come out, and it should. If it has to be taken out, take it out."

L-157 But it was testing our faith. And constantly we prayed. And more we prayed, the bigger the tumor growed, till it got to a place till it was sticking out on her side. We kept it quiet; a few of the people here knew it; trying to see what would happen. On and on it went. Finally, when I come down from Canada, from where I left...

L-158 The Lord let me lead that tribe of Indians to Christ. I'm going back to baptize them, in the Name of the Lord Jesus, this Spring, the Lord willing.

L-159 Now, come down, and it was time for her to go, when I was in New York... or down here to have another opera-... to have the operation, or be examined for the last time. I went on to New York. And when I came back, I stopped in here, and went up... After I had the meeting here, the last meeting, I went up there and called her from Brother Wood's.

L-160 And she said, "Bill, I can't even stand my clothes to touch it." It was just way out like this on her side then. And her leg on that side, she could just hobble along, and the worse week she had ever had. Now she is sitting there, listening at me. The worst week she had ever had. And she said, "I've got to go, day after tomorrow, for that examination."

L-161 I thought, "O God, if they cut it out, that'll keep us from going home at Christmas, and I done told the people I'd be there." And I said, "What a time! Oh, my!" I thought.

L-162 "Tell him, if he's going to operate, well, 'Let it go a little longer, till after Christmas.'"

L-163 Then I got to thinking, "It might be malignant." And back over here, you know, that's a bad thing, run back into the kidneys. If it straight, goes malignant, it'll kill you. So then I thought, "What can I do?" And Meda said, "Well, now, you call me," said.

L-164 The day that I got in Shreveport, which would be the day after that, when I got in Shreveport, she had to go for the examination. And so she went to the... Mrs. Norman was going, Sister Norman; all of you know her, the people that comes here to the Tabernacle. She was going with her, and to this specialist. And so she said, "Wait till you have your first night, at--at... and then come back." Cause, the difference, two hours in time. "Then call me when you come back, after the meeting, I'll tell you what I've got to do." And I said, "All right." So, I went on.

L-165 And the next morning, before I left, I was going to get Billy and Loyce. They are both sitting present. And always... 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-166 We got an old stool there that Brother Palmer covered for us, here not long ago, and we always get around that stool and pray, whenever we're... Oh, Ottoman, like, you know, footstool. Whenever we get around there and pray, when I'm going on a meeting, we ask God to help us.

L-167 And I had been up there, a couple days, and I was--I was lonesome. The house; the kids gone, and her gone. You know, many of you know I had to go through that one time, go back to an empty house; only, I buried that wife, Hope. And now it all over again. And I got down, I thought, "Well, I'll pray and then go pick up Billy and Loyce, and go on."

L-168 So as I got down to pray, I said, "Lord, I miss them this morning, around here." I said, "I pray that You will help them and bless them. May we come back to this place again. And now," I said, "they're out there because that You sent me there on a vision, and You fulfilled it. Now I'm wanting to wait, to see what You're going to tell me to do next." I said, "I pray for... Be merciful to her." And I said, "Help me in the meeting down there." And then I kept... I said, "Lord, don't let it be malignant. And let that doctor wait till after the first of the year, to take it out. I--I just hate to see her..."

L-169 I said, "Lord, she didn't mean what she did that morning. She didn't mean that." I said, "Lord, not one time has she ever said one word about me going in the meetings, staying months, or whatever it was. Not one time has she ever opened her mouth about it. She has always sent my clothes to the cleaners, and washed my shirts, and had everything ready to go in the meeting. Then, she wonders how she can serve God."

L-170 You women, as you serve your husband, you serve God, of course.

L-171 "And now, and then when I come in, all tired and wore out, people coming from everywhere. I'd have to go out somewhere on a fishing trip, or a hunting trip. Why, many women would have blowed up at that. What'd she do? Got my hunting clothes ready for me to go; let me go." I said, "Lord, she didn't mean that." And I said, "She's had to be cut open three times, on account of she was caesarean." And I said I... "Lord, I--I hate to see her have to do it again."

L-172 And just then I heard something in the room. I looked up. And a Voice said, "Stand up." Said, "Now whatever you say, that's the way it'll be."

L-173 I waited just a minute. I said, "Before the doctor's hand shall touch her, the hand of God shall take the tumor away, and it won't even be found."

L-174 That settled it, to me. I never called her. We went right on, went and got Billy and Loyce, and went to Shreveport.

L-175 The next night I called her. She was happy. She said, "Bill, I want to tell you!"

L-176 Now here she is, and she can verify this. Had to hobble her way over there; went in the room with the nurse and Mrs. Norman, and put her clothes on for... the gown, for the examination. The doctor came out, and she could hardly get on the table; the tumor hanging up there, so big. And when she... The doctor come in and was talking to her. And he came over, to raise back the sheet to touch her, and, just before he touched her, it left.

L-177 And the doctor didn't know which side it was on. He said, "Wait a minute!" With the drawed diagrams and all the pictures, and everything else, he couldn't find one trace of it. He examined her, over and over. He said, "I might not be able to explain it, but, Mrs. Branham, that tumor isn't there." And she has never had one symptom of it, since.

L-178 What was it? Notice, just exactly the way It said, "Before the doctor's hand can touch it." One split second, and his hand would have touched it. How perfect is the Word of the Lord!

L-179 Now, there is my wife, and we're both before God. But before the doctor's hand could even touch her body, on the road coming to her like that, something happened, the tumor left. And they couldn't, he--he said... I believe it was, wasn't it, sweetheart? "I want to reassure you, Mrs. Branham," (Is that right, the way he said it? That's right.) "that that tumor isn't there. You don't have any tumor."

L-180 What was it? Just exactly according to the Word of the Lord, that was...?... Amen. That's the fifth time. Five is the number of grace, a number of f-a-i-t-h, too.

L-181 There is no more doubt in my mind. I know what the Third Pull is, and I know what it does. Now be reverent, just keep quiet, the hour will soon arrive where God is going to do some great things for us. 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min Now let us bow our heads for a word of prayer.

L-182 Lord Jesus, I had seen it upon other people, but when it come to my own precious wife, it was in my home, then, Lord. I looked at it with my own eyes, felt it with my own hands. And I... fif-... sixteen years before that, it was also, Lord, known and revealed by You. When anything is spoken, it must be done. You were showing me, Lord, then, that, my confidence in what You had done for the people, and would let me know, so I could help them. You brought it to pass in my own home. That was the First Pull. And now the Third Pull confirmed the First Pull.

L-183 We are thankful, Father. Forgive us of our shortcomings. We are a small people. We are uneducated, more or less, an illiterate people. But we are so thankful that we have a great omnipotent God Who watches over and cares for us, for we don't know how to care for ourselves. We commit ourselves to You.

L-184 Now, Father, I pray that You will help me. And in this Third Pull, may, O Lord, as You've been speaking for the last couple of years about it, showing it on... marking on mountains, and so forth, and bringing it on up. Now, I was watching to see what it was until it was completely confirmed. Now I pray, Father, that You'll help me to be more reverent, with this, than it was before, and may You get glory. As, right over this same pulpit, where the First was said, the Second, and now the Third, and what You have said has come to pass exactly what You said. We believe You, Lord God.

L-185 Help every one of us to throw away our disbelief and our superstitions, that we might stand in the Presence of the living God, knowing that, the same God that took that tumor from my wife that is sitting present now; verified by some of the highest medical science we got in the country, who examined it, and then looked, and pictured it; and now it's gone. You are God and there is none other besides You.

L-186 And we love You because that You have--You have let us become Your servants. And may we serve You with reverence and honor, all the days of our life. Grant it, Lord. May I be able, and my family, and all these people, be able to be shining Lights, salty salt that will cul-... create a thirst in others, to love this Jesus that has done so much for us.

L-187 Now as I open the Word, to read It for a little text, and then pray for the sick, help me, Lord. Speak to us, and heal the sick, in Jesus' Name we pray. Amen.

L-188 Would you, have I got time just for a... [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] If I hurry real quick on... some text here, I want you to read now, or mark down, or whatever you wish to do. The first one is found in the Book of Numbers, 21:5 to 19, and we want to--to read this. And the people spake against God, and against Moses, Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there any water; and our souls loatheth this light bread, Angels' food. And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died. Therefore the Lord... Therefore the people came to Moses, and said,... [Numbers 21:5-7]

L-189 Confession! Watch, "We have sinned!" See, that's the first thing for healing, confession first. ... We have sinned, for we have spoken against the LORD, and against thee; pray unto the LORD, that he may take away the serpents from us. And Moses prayed for the people. And the LORD said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole: that it shall be, come--come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live. And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived.[Numbers 21:7-9]

L-190 Now, also, I wish to read a Scripture out of Zechariah, the 12th chapter, the 10th verse. And I will pour out upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.[Zechariah 12:10] 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-191 Now for a text, I'm going to take this: Look Away To Jesus. Look away from the world, to Jesus. Moses made the serpent; and here the prophet, later, was speaking of it, what would happen, looking away to--to Jesus.

L-192 The Bible said, in Isaiah 45:22. We find that God said, "Look unto Me, all the ends of the earth." And now when the earth has come to its end, or the system of the earth has come to its ends, let the people look unto Him. [Isaiah 45:22]

L-193 Now you might say, "We have heard this, generation after generation. We've heard this for a long time." That is true, and it's been preached for a long time. Many ministers has took this same text, thousands of them.

L-194 But here is the thing I want to ask you, tonight, for these next few minutes. But when you look, the question is--is, what do you see when you look? What do you see when you do look? That only depends on what you're looking for. See? Now He said, "Look unto Me, all the ends of the earth." Moses lifted the serpent up, and, ever who looked, got healed. Now, it depends on what you're looking for. [Isaiah 45:22], [Numbers 21:7-9]

L-195 I have seen people come into the meetings, in this last day, could only be able to sit in the meeting for just about one or two minutes. That's all they could stand. See, they couldn't stand it.

L-196 I'll never forget, I hope this don't reflect on anybody from Iowa, when I had the meeting at Waterloo.

L-197 Brother Lee Vayle, he was here this morning. I don't know whether he's here tonight or not. Are you here, Lee? He was here this morning. Yes, back over in the recording, back here. All right.

L-198 Brother Lee and I done everything we could. And give the ministerial association a breakfast, free, just to come down and speak to them. Brother Lee Vayle, of course, is a scholar and--and a Doctor of Divinity, that he really earned his degree. And so I tried to get him to speak before these Lutheran, Presbyterians, and so forth, but he said, "No, they're looking to you to do it."

L-199 Well, I went down and took my text, before these ministers, after they had all got through eating. I took my text: I Was Not Disobedient To The Heavenly Vision. No more than I had read the Scripture, about two looked, out the door they went. So as I started to say, "As Paul in his day, with a odd ministry, and now he stands before Agrippa and said that he wasn't disobedient to it," about two or three more got up. And by time I got to where I could say something about the text, there was just about three or four sitting there. They had all got up and gone.

L-200 The reason of it, is, is this. Some come to a meeting, when they hear of an evangelist, the way he dresses has something to do with the people. If he don't wear the right kind of clothes, some of them...

L-201 I heard a--a psychologist say, the other day; Doctor Narramore, a fine man, Christian man, his program is on KAIR there, all the time. He said, "The way to tell that a man was losing his mind, is when he didn't dress according to his disposition." You know, to how he has to appear before the public, that was a sign that he was losing his mind.

L-202 Well, then, I've been crazy all my life then, see, 'cause I wear overalls and everything, see. So, fitting to my position, I must dress like a clergyman, in other words, to--to be a clergyman.

L-203 I don't think Jesus dressed like a clergyman. He dressed like a ordinary man. He went in among man, and it wasn't nothing dressing.

L-204 But that's just, see, how that the ideas of man. It doesn't... How about if this man, or, I wonder what the doctor would think of this, when a prophet in the Bible was commanded to strip off his clothes and walk naked before the people? He really would a-been crazy, wouldn't he now? But God told him to do it. [Isaiah 20:1-6]

L-205 Another one had to lay on his side for three hundred and forty... Months, I believe it was, lying on his side, one side; and then turned over the other side. And eat a pot of lentil that he had made there; had to go and seethe this stuff and make it up, together, and eat it all that time; reach over and get a handful and eat, lying on his side, for a sign. See? [Ezekiel 4:1-17]

L-206 Oh, how far people can get from, really, Word of God. They just get so educated till they educate themself away from God. When a man talks about he's got a education, I know that's just how far he is from God; see, a doctor's degree. Not saying this against Doctor Vayle, 'cause he isn't that type. But, usually, when a man gets a doctor's degree, 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min that just means, to me, he's that much farther from God, see, unless he can hold hisself to the Word and to God.

L-207 Now, we find out that some comes to hear the way you speak, when they come to look. You talk about Divine healing and the Lord; if a man isn't typical, an educated genius, the people just can't stand to hear him use words as "his'n, hain't," and--and words like... They just... They don't. They think that that's way away from God.

L-208 And when Jesus spoke such simple language, until, today, it's got the professors confused, for they try to interpret it according to the scholarships and the language of that day, and it was street language. Therefore...

L-209 Why, there is so much difference even here in our United States! I called from Florida, to New York, and had to get a woman over here, too, at Saint Louis, to translate between this southern girl and the northern girl. That's how much difference there was. See? Certainly.

L-210 Now the thing of it is, that people look for those things, speeches, instead of the Word. The Word being manifested is the evidence that It's right. See, the Word being manifested! They will never look at That. You've got to have an intellectual conception, to know, go at the seminary and learn how to bow, how to stand in one place, and all. Oh, that would choke a minister, to death, that was really filled with the Holy Spirit. See? Now, that's intellectual.

L-211 And that's the way that this whole nation has got. It's got an intellectual conception of Christ. That's what they look for. "And if Christ is in you, you've got to be a scholar, you got to be an intellectual," 'cause that's what they think Christ is.

L-212 And another time, another thing, they form their own 'pinions of what He ought to be, their own idea, instead of taking what the Word said. That's the way when they look, and even see Jesus Himself, they fail to recognize Him. They did it on the Day of Pentecost. They did it when It was in flesh. They did it when He was in the manger. They did it when He was on the streets of Jerusalem. They did it when He was on the cross. And He was the fulfillment of that Word. And, yet, they had the Messiah coming down on a corridor out of Heaven, and everything else, and was wrong, because it was their intellectual conception. And they failed to see Him, and, looking right at Him. So is it today!

L-213 What do you see when you look? Some look to see, when they look at Him, they look to see some great intellectual church founder, somebody who can really produce a creed that will cause all the people to fall for this creed, something another. That's what they look when they see Him.

L-214 Some look to see a myth, like Santa Claus, when they look. They read the Bible, and say, "Ah, that's a mythical thing. It's just something that man wrote. That's what, they, 'cause when they..." What opinion you take of the Bible, is what you take of Him. See?

L-215 Some look to see a baby. Some look and see a--a rabbit or a Santa Claus. Some look to see some historical book that was yesterday and not today. But, the question is, what do you see when you look?

L-216 So many of you, that claim to have the Holy Ghost, look and see the second person of a trinity. When, it's not even mentioned in the Bible. There is no such a thing. The word trinity is not even in the lids of the Bible. But, yet, when you look at Jesus, you regard Him as the third person or the second person of a trinity, and that's the reason you don't get nowhere.

L-217 You know what He said? "I am God, and there is none other besides Me." See? [Isaiah 45:5]

L-218 Depends on what you're looking at. If you want to put some little mascot boy, an old man with beard, and so forth; if that's the way you look at Jesus as being some different person from God, you're looking wrong. You don't see It.

L-219 Here not long ago, I had a pair of field glasses. I was trying to watch some antelope, or an antelope over in a field. And my son was trying to show me, and he is quite a bit younger. So he said, "Take them glasses, daddy! There stands the antelope, right out there!" I said, "I can see him with my natural eye." He said, "Take these glasses."

L-220 When I looked, I seen about ten antelopes, but the glasses was out of focus. And when I went to focus them in, all 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min ten of them become one.

L-221 And if you will focus your mind to God's Word, the three will be One. See? But your ecclesiastical glasses get out of focus when you try to make Him three. He is One. See?

L-222 But it depends on what you are looking at. What do you see when you do look? Remember, you can only see Him as you look at Him through the Word. You can't look at Him through a textbook. You can't look at Him through a creed. You will see two or three gods, and everything else, in them creeds. But look at Him through the Word, and you'll see that He is "Emmanuel, 'God made flesh among us.'" He said, "I am God, and besides Me there is none other." He is God. [Isaiah 45:5], [Matthew 1:23]

L-223 Isaiah looked one time, the prophet, and when he seen Jesus... My subject is, "looking to Jesus." Look Away To Jesus. When Isaiah looked away from the world, to see Him, he said, "I see a Counselor, a Prince of Peace, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father." That's what Isaiah looked away and saw. [Isaiah 9:6-7]

L-224 Daniel, one time, was standing when he saw the--the ending of the Gentile kingdoms. He saw the image that Nebuchadnezzar had dreamed. He saw how each one would succeed the other, as they come down. And when he looked to see what was all going to happen at the end, when he saw Jesus, He was "a Stone hewed out of the mountain, without hands," that crushed the Gentile kingdoms. [Daniel 2:34]

L-225 Nebuchadnezzar throwed three Hebrew children in the fiery furnace, that believed in God and stood on His Word. If they had to die for It, they was going to stand, anyhow; just a little thing, of bowing their knee some other way. But when he looked away and saw Jesus, He was "the fourth man" that was in the fiery furnace, and it kept all the heat off of His obedient servants. That's what Nebuchadnezzar saw. [Daniel 3:23-30]

L-226 Ezekiel looked away to see Him one day, and He was "a Wheel in the middle of the wheel," way up in the middle of the air. He was the Hub to the wheel, where every spoke is fastened to. Amen! The big wheel run by faith, but the little Wheel turned by the Power of the Lord. That's who Ezekiel saw when he looked away. [Ezekiel 1:15-18]

L-227 John the Baptist looked away one day, and, when he did, he saw a Dove; and a Voice, saying, "This is My beloved Son in Whom I'm pleased to dwell in." That's what he saw. Then, he saw Jesus and God being the same Person, 'cause the Spirit come down from Heaven like a Dove, saying, "This is My beloved Son in Whom I am pleased to dwell." That's what he saw. Notice, He identifies Himself in that way. [Matthew 3:17]

L-228 Noah, when he looked away to see Him, Noah saw the just judgments of God coming upon a people of this world who had rejected His Word. That's what Noah said when he looked away.

L-229 Moses, when he looked away, he saw a bush on fire. A Pillar of Fire had brought Itself back into a bush, and, when Moses drawed close to It, He said, "Take off your shoes, for, 'I AM.'" Now, if you would weigh that word, "I AM," it's past tense, present tense, and future tense. "I AM," Eternal! See? "I AM," he saw the "I AM." That's what he saw in the burning bush. [Exodus 3:5-6]

L-230 Israel looked at the brass serpent that Moses made, and saw the suffering of Christ for the judgment for the sick, for we know that the serpent spoke of the Atonement. [Numbers 21:5-7]

L-231 Jesus was that Atonement. "As Moses lifted up the brass serpent in the wilderness, so must the Son of man be lifted up," for the same purpose. See? Why? They had sinned, and had got sick; that was for the taking away their sins and for their sickness. And that's what, "Jesus was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed." Take Divine healing away from Christ, you cut half the Atonement, in two. See? [John 3:14]

L-232 What do you see in Him when you look? Do you see that? Do you see that, "He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed"? When you look away, can you see that, or can you just see one side of the Atonement? Can you see both sides of it when you look? [Isaiah 53:5] If you look at it through the creed, they'll tell you, "The days of healing is passed." But if you look at it through the Word, you'll see, "He is the same yesterday, today, and forever." See? [Hebrews 13:8]

L-233 The disciples looked to Him when they were in a troubled sea, and they saw the only help that could help them, 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min coming. [Mark 6:47-51], [Matthew 14:22-36]

L-234 Martha looked to Him in the time of death, and she saw that He was "the resurrection and the Life." Amen! In time of death, Martha saw, when she looked at Him... He had been rejected by her people; He had been turned down; even, she had sent for Him, and He did not come to her brother. But when finally He come, and she went and fell down so she could look at Him, she found out that He was both "resurrection and Life." Amen! [John 11:21-26]

L-235 Jairus did the same thing, a secret believer; a little Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist, that really believed, but couldn't get around, on account of his denomination wouldn't let him, because he would be excommunicated. But his only little daughter lay at the point of death, and he had to go. But when he found Him, he found out that He was the resurrection and Life. [Luke 8:41-42, 49-56], [Mark 5:22-34, 35-43]

L-236 When he sent for Him, a runner come and said, "Don't trouble the Master, for the girl is already dead." He... And his little heart almost failed. [Mark 5:35]

L-237 But He said, "Did not I say, 'If you'll only believe, you'll see the Glory of God'?" Jairus found out that He could raise up the dead, when he looked at Jesus. [Luke 8:50], [Mark 5:36]

L-238 The hungry looked to Him, and found sustaining food for life. That was natural. The hungry, spiritual, can look to Him and find out He's the Bread of Life.

L-239 The dying thief looked to see what he could see, and he found, in Jesus, his pardon. "Remember me, Lord, when Thou comest into Thy Kingdom." Jesus said, "Today shalt thou be with Me in paradise." That's what he saw in the hour of his death. [Luke 23:42-43]

L-240 The sick looked to Him, and saw the Healer. The blind looked, and could see. Depends on what you're looking at now. What are you look?

L-241 Peter and Nathanael looked, and seen the promised Word of their prophet, Moses, made manifest. "The Lord your God shall raise up a Prophet likened unto me, and to Him the people shall cling. And all that don't believe Him, and hear that Prophet, will be cut off from the people." [Deuteronomy 18:15, 19]

L-242 And when Peter walked up into His Presence, Jesus said, "Your name is Simon, and you are the son of Jonas." He knew right then, when he looked the first time on Jesus, that there was the fulfillment of what the Word of God said He would be. Amen. [John 1:42]

L-243 I wonder if you found the same thing when you looked at Him for the first time? I wonder if the promised Word manifest Itself to you when you looked at Him?

L-244 Nathanael, as soon as he come into the Presence of Jesus, a little bit in doubt... We find out that Philip had went and told him, "Come, see Who we found." And Nathanael come, and he said, "Which one is He?" He said, "Probably it's the one up there praying for the sick." [John 1:46]

L-245 He pressed his way through till he get a look at Him. And when he looked, Jesus said, "Behold an Israelite in whom there is no guile." He said, "Rabbi, when did You ever know me?" [John 1:47]

L-246 He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." [John 1:48]

L-247 Then what did Nathanael find? He found out that there was the King of Israel. He said, "Thou art the Son of God. You are the King of Israel." That's what he saw when he looked. He got the interpretation of the Scripture, brought to light before him. He saw it, the same Scripture that the anointed prophet Moses had said, "He will be a Prophet likened unto me." [John 1:48-49], [Deuteronomy 18:15]

L-248 The woman at the well, she got a look one time, and what did she see? She expressed it in the city. She said, "Come, see a Man Who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the very Messiah?" When she took her first look at Jesus Christ, she saw the Messiah. [John 4:29] 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-249 People can look at the same thing today, and call It "mental telepathy." They'll call It "spiritualism." They'll call It any kind of a devil name they can call It, because they don't know what they're looking for. Amen. They don't understand. They're looking for a creed. They're looking for a genius to set the church in order. They're looking for more members, and fail to see the blessed Lord Jesus Christ in His identified Word. Right.

L-250 Depends on what you're looking for. If you're looking for the fulfillment of the promise of today, you'll see it. But, if you're looking for some intellectual, or something that they've always looked for, some great founder, some historian, some other person, something else, you'll fail to see It. But when you look at Him through the Word, the Word declares Who He is. [John 5:46]

L-251 He challenged the people of His day to do the same. They couldn't see Him. He said, "You blind leaders of the blind. You claim Moses to be your prophet. If you would a-knowed Moses, you would know Me. Moses wrote about Me." And they were too blind to see It. Looking right at It, and too blind to see It. [Matthew 15:14]

L-252 I'm dove-tailing that "glare," this morning, for a few minutes, you see. They're looking, and don't know what they're looking for, because they've got the wrong conception of what they're trying to find. How would you know what you wanted to find, if you didn't know what you was looking for?

L-253 How would you go hunt for a pumpkin, and you had never seen one and never heard of one? How would you go find a watermelon, if you never knowed there was such a thing, and how it looked? Why, you could find a tub, and think it was a watermelon. You could find something else, you could find a block, and think it was a watermelon.

L-254 But you've got to know what you're looking for. And the only way that you'll ever know what you're going to, what you're looking for; if you're looking for Jesus, you will look to the Word, for He is the Word. "They are They that testify of Me. Search the Scriptures." [John 5:39], [John 8:44]

L-255 "You claim you're... are the believers of the prophets, but you're of your father the devil. Your fathers, who claim; when God sent the prophets to them, he put them in the grave. They--they kill the prophets. Every one that come," Jesus said, "which one of them your fathers didn't stone? And the works of your father you'll do." Amen! Righteous men, holy men, a man that you couldn't put a finger on, and yet He called them "serpents and devils." See?

L-256 What you looking for? If you're looking for some pious person? Some people thinks that because the Holy Spirit worked through you, you'd have to be some long, pious fellow, walk around and not even... That's not the Holy Spirit. God don't deal through angels like that, or supposed to be. God deals through men. The Bible said, "Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are," but you couldn't be with him till you seen Jesus. [James 5:17]

L-257 Peter and John, at the gate called Beautiful. And when they pulled them up there about healing that man, "They had perceived that they were ignorant, unlearned, but they also perceived that they had been with Jesus," see, because His Life was reflecting through them. [Acts 3:1-5] Now, depends on what you're looking for.

L-258 The woman had read the Bible. She knowed there was a coming Messiah, and she knowed what that Messiah would do. And as soon as Jesus said to her, "Bring me a drink." She said, "It's not customary." He's just a ordinary man. [John 4:7, 9]

L-259 Now, if He had been sitting there with a great big turban on, and all kinds of ornaments over Him, of--of some holy person, why, the woman would have said, "Well, there's a priest," and went on. Or, "There is some kind of a rabbi," went on.

L-260 Minister, something another; I seen a man come to eat, today, where I went to eat. And that fellow come in, he--he had enough crosses and things on him; it's a good thing sometimes them fellows have that. I think you ought to live a life. You don't have to have a lot of clergy clothes, to prove what you are. Sometimes they drink, and carry on so much, and smoke cigarettes, and everything, they have to wear clergy clothes to even know whether they're a minister or not. That's right.

L-261 I tell you, the clergy clothes for a man to wear is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. That'll identify you as being with 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min Jesus!...?...

L-262 Now, we find out, that depends on what you're looking for. A well-dressed, well-groomed, some kind of a turban; you'll never see Him, because He was just an ordinary man. God deals with man. Jesus was a man; God was in the man, and He was God.

L-263 Now, we find out that this woman, when she saw this mysterious sign, that He could tell her what she had done that was wrong, or what was on her heart, she knew right then that was the Messiah. So, when she looked at Jesus, she saw the Messiah.

L-264 The Messiah, what was the works of the Messiah? Would know the secret of the heart. Did that catch you right? I wonder if you'll understand. If you'd look for Him, tonight, what would you look for? He would be the same. The Messiah is the Word, the Word! And the Bible said, in Hebrew the 4th chapter, that, "The Word of God is quicker, more powerful than a two-edged sword, cutting even to asunder of bone, and a discerner of the thoughts that's in the heart." [Hebrews 4:12]

L-265 And when she knowed that Messiah was to be that Word made manifest, and could tell her what was wrong with her, she knowed that was Messiah. Not how He's dressed, not how much education He had; but, by the sign that He showed her, He was Messiah. When she saw Jesus, she saw the Messiah; God in a Man, as promised for that anointed age.

L-266 But you know what? Many, of them same ages that I have spoken of, never seen that thing. Many of them didn't see it. Same today. Many didn't recognize Moses. Many didn't recognize Elijah. Many didn't rec-... They never recognize them till they're gone, then they recognize it.

L-267 The unbeliever seen, in the days of Noah, only what did the unbelief look at? I've told you what the believer saw, now let's see what the unbelievers saw. In the days of Noah, what did the unbelievers saw--see back there when they looked? They saw "a fanatic, blundering around on a so-called boat." That's all they saw. "Some crazy old man with long white whiskers, that had lost his mind, and, against scientific research and proof, said, 'There's water up there.' Why, the poor old fellow!" They felt sorry for him. "Pass him by; he, he'll be declared insane soon. He's lost his mind."

L-268 But he had the Word of the Lord. He was building away, on it, and God was showing evidence that the flood was coming. It was a sign to them. Them who did not believe Noah's story wandered on into darkness, and ended up in death, in the water, and a grave of hell.

L-269 Pharaoh, he looked one time. What did he saw, what saw Pharaoh? He seen "a fanatic, so-called prophet, with many so-called claims of deliverance." That's all he saw; a mud-dauber, a slave standing up amongst the people, and saying himself was sent of God to perform miracles. Why, they thought the fellow had lost... Said, "Go, let him rave on. He'll... They'll declare him 'insane,' after a while."

L-270 But he had THUS SAITH THE LORD. The believers, Aaron, Joshua, and many of them, seen God in Moses. And the works of God, Moses done, that's the reason they knowed God was in him. They looked and saw God in Moses.

L-271 The rich man looked and seen exactly Who He was. See? But he refused to follow Him, because he loved the things of the world, too much, to follow Jesus.

L-272 How many a rich man will listen at this tape, of that type! Don't have to be always rich in money; no, you can be rich in lust, rich in pleasures of this life. How many man, how many young girls, and how many young boys, will not sell out their popularity of some sex queen, or some Ricky with a banjo or a guitar, going out and entertaining some rock-and-roll, or some dance that he is able to do! How many of them will claim their riches of popularity, and refuse, when they sit right in the meetings and watch the Hand of God move and declare His Word! How many will do it!

L-273 He chose his denomination. He could live by it. "Jesus was a fanatic," to his denomination. So he had to either take what Jesus said, or either he had to take...

L-274 Why didn't he go to his priest, and say, "What can I do to have Eternal Life?" He knowed the priest knowed 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min nothing about It. So he come to Jesus, and said, "What can I do?"

L-275 Jesus said, "Keep the commandments." Throwed it right back in his lap. He said, "I've done this."

L-276 He said, "Keep the commandments." Then, he still didn't have Eternal Life, and he knowed he didn't. You can keep all the commandments, and you haven't got Eternal Life, yet.

L-277 So Jesus said, "Now if you want to do what's right, go sell what you got, and give it to the poor. Come, follow Me." [Matthew 19:16-21]

L-278 But that was too much for him. See? We find out that he looked and seen Who He was, but yet refused to take it. And his next look was in hell, looking a way up and seeing Lazarus in the bosoms of Abraham.

L-279 Pilate looked, one time, when they brought Him. He had never seen Him before. His hands tied; blood running out of His back; a crown of thorns on His head. Pilate looked, and was convinced. [Luke 23:4], [John 19:4], [John 18:38]

L-280 Because, a horse come galloping down the street, and a rider jumped off, and run over and said, "Here's, the wife has sent you a letter."

L-281 And he looked at it, and she said, "Pilate, my beloved husband, have nothing to do with that just Man, for today I've suffered many things in a dream because of Him." [Matthew 27:19]

L-282 He trembled. His knees beat together. And he said, "If You are the Son of God, if You're the King, why don't You speak out? Are You the King of Israel?" He said, "You have said it." Said, "Tell us truth." [John 18:33-38]

L-283 He said, "To this end I was born." And Pilate marveled. He... [John 18:35-37]

L-284 All, everybody, was begging and crying at his feet. He said, "I have power to kill You, or I have power to release You."

L-285 He said, "You have power of nothing, 'less it be give to you of My Father." Whew! [John 19:10-11]

L-286 Sir, he was convinced that That was more than a man. He was thoroughly convinced that It was more than a man. Certainly, he was. But (what?) his politics and popularity was too great. See, he turned Him down. His popularity was too great. The politics, his position in life, was too great, to accept this fanatic.

L-287 Wonder how many Pilates will be listening to this, that your position in some denomination will be too great, to accept the real Lord Jesus standing in the position that He is today. The Roman soldier, at the cross, looked on Jesus.

L-288 After the earth had had a nervous prostration, shook till the rocks wrung out of the mountains. And the sun went down in the middle of the day, and turned dark. The stars didn't come out to give its light. And the earth burst forth with rocks and an earthquake. And the zig-zag lightning swept the skies; and ripped the temple veil from the top to the bottom. And, the people running and screaming, they didn't know what had taken place.

L-289 And that Roman soldier that helped nail Him there, had punched the sword through His heart, then he looked, but it was too late. He looked and believed, but it was too late for him to believe. What he had done had sealed his doom; he had run the spear through the Saviour's heart. It was too late.

L-290 I wonder how many Romans today has done the same thing, and will do the same thing. You might look, someday, but it might look too late. Many of today will come in that day and be the same way. They have known.

L-291 Brother Woods here; yesterday. Saying this just because it's in this Message. Down here at the Slider Company, a Roman Catholic sitting there. He went down to get some concrete for the church here, and, when he did, he told him where he wanted it for. And the Roman Catholic said, "Is that Brother Branham?" "Yes" 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-292 He said, "I'll say one thing; when he prays, God answers." See?

L-293 Wonder then, knowing it, seeing the vindication that it's truly the Gospel, not me; any man representing Christ. It's the Word we're talking about, not man.

L-294 What am I trying to say? Is this, that, they see the clearly a vindicated Word, like Pilate and the rest of them did, like the Roman soldier, but are you going to wait too late to do anything about it? He should have used the spear the other way. The doors will be closed, like it was in the days of Noah, and then it's too late. You might wake up some morning, and say, "I intend to get out of this mess." Don't wait too long. You had better look and live now.

L-295 Luther looked away from the Catholic denomination. What did he see? A Pillar of Fire. He saw an independent church.

L-296 Wesley looked away from the Anglican denomination. He saw the same thing.

L-297 The Pentecost looked away from all the denominations. And what did it become? A great, mighty people.

L-298 What did each one of them do? When the founders, Luther, and Wesley, and them, and when they looked away and saw what they did and started out; their children, coming behind them, looked back to where they come from, out of the denomination, and took that group of people right back into the same mess that they came out of.

L-299 What are you looking at? The founders look right. But the people, following them, looked back to what the founders come out of, and done exactly what the founders was against; the anointed one of God.

L-300 You know, I got to hurry, 'cause I got a prayer line coming, and I know many of you has to travel.

L-301 One day I took a look. I saw the Word made flesh. I saw the Alpha and Omega. I never seen any three, four, or five; I saw One. I saw Him as my Saviour. I saw Him, the Word. I saw Him, the Light. I saw Him, the Mighty God. I seen God in Him. I saw the Pillar of Fire. I saw, in Him, exactly what the Bible said He was. I saw that He was the Alpha and Omega, that He was the Pillar of Fire. He was the same yesterday, today, and forever. I saw that the Pillar of Fire said, to John, "His never-failing Presence." As he said in John's, over there, "And His never-failing Presence will never leave you." Brother, my opinion tonight, sing that song: [Revelation 1:8], [Hebrews 13:8] "Look and live," my brother, live, Look to Jesus now and live; For it's recorded in His Word, hallelujah! It's only that you "look and live."

L-302 Look! What do you see? Do you see deliverance? Do you see what He is? Look through the Word and see what He was, then you look through the same Word and see He's the same today as He was then. He is the ante-type of the brass serpent in the wilderness, for the same cause, sin and sickness.

L-303 Judas took a look, one day. And when he looked, after he had took a real look at Him... He had only been looking at the treasure, before that, the pot of money they had. But one day when he looked and seen Jesus, you know what he seen? He seen he was guilty. He seen that he wasn't fit to live, and he hung hisself.

L-304 One morning, one of the greatest mornings in the all history of time. In closing, I'm saying this. There's something happening in the Jerusalem, and all at once a bunch of soldiers came down to the--to the jail. I can hear the jingle of the--the chains; hear the dragging of the spear on the street.

L-305 Who is back in there? Barabbas. He is ready to die. He's a thief. He is no good. He's a robber. He's a murderer. He is going to die.

L-306 First thing you know, he said, "Well, this is all of it for me. I'll be executed this morning."

L-307 The first thing you know, the guard opened the door, "Step out, Barabbas." He stepped out and said, "Well, I guess this is the end." He said, "Barabbas, you're absolutely free." "What? I'm what? I'm..." 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min "Absolutely free! You're free," I said. Said, "How can I be free?"

L-308 He said, "Well, come here, Barabbas, look up there. You see that Man dying up there? He took your place."

L-309 I wonder if we all, tonight, could look and see what Barabbas saw, someone taking our place? "He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon Him; and with His stripes," I was healed, you were healed. Wonder if we, the guilty ones, who should be sick, can see in Him our deliverance? You who should go to hell; see in Him your freedom, your pass to Heaven. Wonder if you can see what Barabbas saw on that day? [Isaiah 53:5]

L-310 He said, "A little while and the world won't see Me no more, yet ye shall see Me." Oh, church! Then, if He said, "You shall see Me," it's proof that you can look again. "You'll see Me, for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." When? How do you see Him? At the Word. He is the Word. Look at the Word and see what the promise is, for He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. [John 16:16]

L-311 What He was when He walked in Galilee, is the same thing He is tonight in Jeffersonville, the same thing He is at the Branham Tabernacle. What do you look to see, a founder, a denominational man? You'll never see it in Jesus. Do you look to see some great priestly? You'll never see it in Jesus. No. How do you see Jesus? By the Word of God being made manifest, because He was the manifested Word of God. What He was then, He is tonight, and will be forever.

L-312 Let's bow our heads just a moment. I'll cut this off kind of short.

L-313 Lord Jesus, is my prayer, let me look away from the cares of life. Lord, I--I know we're just a common people, uneducated. We have not much of this world's goods, but we love You, Lord.

L-314 And I speak for this people. They would not sit in a place like this, and squeeze and mash, and around in the crowds; and sit, burning up, in the--the heat; or freezing in the cold, and stand in the... and bringing their children and them, sick and the afflicted, coming around; if they come here to see anything else besides You. Those people, Lord, would never come to see a man. There is plenty of man on the street; they all look alike.

L-315 But they come to see that Man, that Man of God, that Jesus of Nazareth of flesh, being God. Now, Father, You have told us that, "A little while, and the world would not see You no more," no matter how much they look, they'll never see It. But You said, "Ye shall see Me," the true believer, "because I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the world." You have promised us, if we look, we would see. And I pray, tonight, that You'll fulfill that Scripture to us again tonight, that we might look and see Jesus making Himself known to us, in the same way that He always has, fulfilling His Word, from henceforth, Lord. [John 14:19]

L-316 And I made a statement, before this, and I truly said these things from my heart, about the Pulls, and You told me. And now, as mysterious as it may seem, if we could only pinch our inner conscience, and see that those things could not be foretold, perfectly as they are, unless it did come from God.

L-317 How could we see that First thing take place? How could the Second take place? How could the Third take place? How could we stand here, months before it happened, and tell what would take place in Tucson? And would open up the Seven Seals, and bring back the mystery, and reveal the hidden things of God, that's been hid since the beginning of time. And to see it, both testified, witnessed, scientifically proven!

L-318 Lord, You're our refuge and strength. You are all that we have. And I thank You, for, Lord, being a part of this great economy of Yours. I thank You, for being a member of Your Body, along with many here who are members of that Body, many all out through the world in different churches, that are members of that mythical Body of Christ.

L-319 Every time we look, we see Him! See Him when the birds sings. See Him when the sun rises, or when it sets. Hear Him in the songs. Watch Him in His people. See Him a vindicating His Word.

L-320 O Lord, You're our God. Early will we call upon Thee. Thou art our merciful Father. Forgive us of our wrongs.

L-321 Lord, we're at the end time. I see the doors will soon be closed, the doors of opportunity. And while it is daylight and I can still get into some of these places, Lord, help me to go. I'm getting old; give me strength. Renew my youth, 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min Lord. Help me, that I might do something out there, now, that I'm waiting for this great time to come, that will be here. Help me, Lord, as I go out, that I might be able, under some way, to catch that last predestinated Seed, that will bring back the Lord Jesus. Help, O God!

L-322 And if I'm laying a foundation that another shall stand upon, grant, Lord, that soon it'll happen, that the Word might be fulfilled.

L-323 Our hearts' desire is to see Your Word fulfill. We love You. We believe You. In the midst of an unbelieving, doubting people, a generation of--of--of what we got today, Lord God, we still believe that Your Word will never fail. We believe, that, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but It shall never fail." We stand gallantly for That.

L-324 Now, Father, to this little group that's waited. There is many sick in here. And there may be a unsaved in here. People that been saved, and yet hasn't been filled with the Holy Ghost. Lord God, may You come so on the scene, by Your Word of promise, that the people will look and see Jesus, and then bow down and give their hearts to Him. May the sick look and see that it's impossible for anything else to be doing it, only God, because it is His Word promise.

L-325 What we have said today, both Messages, may it be confirmed now. It's all in Your hands, Lord. And I'm in Your hands. And the--the congregation is in Your hands. Work through us, Lord, to honor Your great Name. O Eternal One, grant this for the glory of God. Amen.

L-326 I know it's hot, and I want to try to pray for the sick now. And if you'll just give me about fifteen, twenty minutes, I don't know how many cards they got give out, but we're just going to start and pray for the sick.

L-327 Now, Billy told me that he give out, what was it? [Someone says, "One to a hundred."--Ed.] A hun-... What, what? [Someone answers.] All right. Well, let's start. He said he give out from one to a hundred. How many has prayer cards here? Raise up your hands; prayer cards. Well, there's quite a number. We'll try to get to everything that we possibly can, if we can. Now, we can't have discernment on all them, you know, so we'll just pray. And, everybody, how many here doesn't have a prayer card, and yet you're sick? Raise up your hand. Many.

L-328 Now, look. What is it? Now, I know, we may be a--a teeny bit late off of schedule, about fifteen minutes, but I want to say this one thing. It might be the difference between, here, spending Eternity in Heaven or Hell. See? Look, be reverent and watch, a minute, listen at the Word, and see if He still remains Christ.

L-329 Now, every person here probably knows me. And many of you I don't know, because I don't get here long enough to know you. And many of you are out of town. How many is out-of-town people, raise your hands. See?

L-330 Now, I asked somebody down town, the other day, I said, "Do you ever come up?"

L-331 Said, "There is no need of us coming." Said, "There is so many from out of town, that gets there, we can't get in." See?

L-332 But that's--that's okay. We'll fix a way for them to get in. You come, anyhow. Notice, they had a chance before you did. Yeah.

L-333 Now remember, now, I am just your brother. I sure you understand that. I am a man; He is God. But God only can work, and always has worked, and only worked, through man. Now look tonight, not to me or to any other person, but look to Jesus Christ.

L-334 Now look tonight at the Scripture, what It promised. How many of you... I can just give all kinds of Scriptures, but how many will just believe Hebrews 13:8, that, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday..."? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] And how many believes John 14:12, "The works that I do shall you also"? ["Amen."] See? How many believes that He promised that the very things that He did, in the way of "discerning of thoughts in the heart," would return again in the last day just before His Coming? ["Amen."] Uh-huh. Sure. We all know it. All right. Oh, how many more, hundreds and hundreds of Scriptures, but we know it! [Hebrews 13:8], [John 14:12]

L-335 Now look. Don't look to see a minister. Don't look to see a pastor. Look to see Jesus. Don't see the man; see Jesus. When you look, see Him. If I could help you, I would do it, but I can't. I can't help you; I'm just your brother. But, He is your Lord, look to Him and believe. All right. 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-336 Now let's start with prayer card number... Well, we'll start from number one. How many... Number one, who has prayer card number one? Raise your hand. Where is it? [Someone says, "Right back over there."--Ed.] You mean your... ["She is standing."] Was that? Oh, I'm sorry. All right. Number one, come up here, lady, right... Which way do you want to bring them, this way? All right, come right here, if--if you can walk. If anybody is called now, that's crippled, some of us help bring you up. Number one.

L-337 Number two, who has prayer card two? Raise your hand, quickly as you can. Number two, where is it? I don't see it. Where? I'm sorry, I--I can't... Right over here, lady.

L-338 Number three, will you stand up, or something? That's right, number three.

L-339 Number four. Prayer card number four, would you raise your hand? Where is it? I don't see it. Prayer card number four. What say? Number four.

L-340 Number five. Who has number five, would you raise your hand? I don't see it. Number five.

L-341 Number six. Number six. Quickly, right quick, number six. All right. Seven. You, seven? All right. That's right.

L-342 Eight. Eight, real quick now. Raise up, right quick. All right, eight. That's fine, sir. Nine. Nine, where's it at? Number nine. All right. Number ten. Ten, all right, ten, right over here. Ten. Eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen.

L-343 And won't call too many, so you get... See, reason we do this... It's just a card with a number on it, see, and you just come by this number. That keeps them lined up. Fifteen. Prayer card fifteen. All right.

L-344 Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five.

L-345 Let them come, line up now, twenty-five, till you get your line build up. Just get up now according to your numbers. That's right. Don't come all at once. Come around the other way, if you will, if you're over that way, and come. Now twenty-...

L-346 What did we call, twenty-five? [Someone says, "Twenty-five."--Ed.] All right, let's rest on twenty-five, just for a minute. All right.

L-347 Now I say, if you don't want to stand too long, when you see that coming down, then you get right in with them; twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven. Just, well, wait, let the line get down a little, you won't have to stand too much, too long. Now let's bow our heads.

L-348 Oh, friends, now what? Now where are we at? Now we're at the--the end. We're at the time where something has to be done, said "yes" or "no." God has got to be found right or wrong.

L-349 Now, today I've preached two sermons, hard, trying to tell you what He is, tell you the time is closing; what He is, what He was. And now when we look, tonight, let's look at Him.

L-350 Now, every person, in the Name of the Lord Jesus, keep your seat now. Don't stir around. Sit real still until you're called. Let the little children...

L-351 Now, if I happen to say, "Bow your head," do it right quick, honey, 'cause evil things leave, such as cancer and diseases, and it goes out amongst the people, and gets into others. All that believe that, and know it's the Scripture, say, "Amen." [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] We find, in the Bible, that evil spirits went from one to the other, when they was cast out. And they try to find a place.

L-352 And how many times have we seen it in the meeting! People come to the meeting, perfectly healthy and well, sit there and criticize; and, a day or two after that, be found totally blind, or stricken with a cancer, paralyzed. See, because they were unbelievers. I'm not responsible for them; only for the believers. Many of them went in the institution, many 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min years ago, and still there, some went to their grave, just because of being arrogant, unbelieving.

L-353 There is no place for an unbeliever now. It's a place for believers. Have faith in God!

L-354 Heavenly Father, now the meeting is Yours; it's been Yours, all the time. Now, I can speak on Your Word; but now, from now on, I can't speak. You're the One Who speaks now, Lord. Let it be known that Your servant has told them the Truth. May people here, maybe many are here sick, and won't even be in the prayer line, but You're still here, Lord. You can heal out there, just as You can heal anywhere. Let Thy Word be made known, in Jesus' Name, I pray. Amen.

L-355 Now if I can get your undivided attention for just a moment. I want to look down this prayer line. I don't really believe I know one person. Are you, in this prayer line, all strangers to me, you know that I don't know you? Raise up your hands if you are. They are. How many out there knows that I don't know nothing about you? Raise up your hands, out there, see. Sure, ninety-five percent of the people here, I don't. That's true.

L-356 Now here is a little woman, I never seen her in my life. She is a total stranger to me. Now, she may be here for sickness. She may be here... Maybe she has done something. Maybe she is here for finances. Maybe it's domestic trouble. Maybe she is here for someone else. I don't know. I have no idea.

L-357 But here is exactly a picture that's in Saint John, the 4th chapter, a man and a woman meets for the first time. And no doubt, that, the young woman that met Jesus, He was much older than her, because, "He," they said, "He looked to be fifty, or over fifty," and probably just a young beautiful woman that was out there at the well, was just a young girl. And here again, tonight, two people meet, young and old, without knowing one another.

L-358 And now she stands there. There is some reason she is there. I don't know. She might be standing there, as a deceiver. She might be standing there, saying something, when it isn't, just to see what will happen. If it is, you watch what happens. See? See?

L-359 Now, I don't know the lady; I've never seen her. She just held her hand, a while ago, that I was a stranger to her. And I hold my hand, she is a stranger to me. I never seen her. Well, now if I...

L-360 Just as a man, I'd have to say, "Lady, what is the matter with you? What are you doing here? What do you want?"

L-361 And she would say, "Mister Branham, I'm--I'm here because I--I suffer with a--a cancer. I suffer with TB. I suffer with a tumor." Or, "I'm out of money. I... My husband left me." Or, "I'm not married, and my boyfriend did so." She would have to tell me.

L-362 "Well," I would say, "all right, I'll--I'll--I'll pray for you; and lay my hands upon you, and say, 'Lord God, give this woman what she wants. Amen. Jesus, do it!'" Let her go away. Well, I guess, if she believed that, she'd get well. That's all right. That's been a ministry for many, many years.

L-363 But it was promised, in the last days, that as the Angel, God, was dwelling in a human body that come up just before Sodom burned, and He sit with His back turned to the tent where Sarah was, and told Abraham what she was thinking in the tent; God, in a human flesh, wearing human clothes.

L-364 And that's the only way God can do it today, is when He gets in your flesh, see, showing that God would be manifested in human flesh.

L-365 Jesus said, "As it was at the days of Sodom, so will it be at the coming of the Son of man." We have a messenger, Billy Graham and them down there in Sodom, but the elected Church received a Message and a messenger. [Luke 17:29-30]

L-366 Now, if this little lady... if the Holy Spirit... Don't say He'll do it, if He would come and tell me what you're standing here for, or--or what you want, or something you've done, or something you're about to do. Why, you would know it'd have to come from some supernatural source, 'cause we're just standing here, see. That would be right, wouldn't it? Then you would know it had to come from a supernatural force. And if the Bible said that Jesus did that same thing, and promised to do it again in the last days, then you would believe it was Him. How many would believe the same thing? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Then you would see Jesus. You would see His Word. 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min Now you say, "Is He the Word?"

L-367 The Bible says He is the Word. And the Bible said that the Word discerns the thoughts that's in the heart. Is that right? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Then it will be the Word spoken through human lips, discerning the thoughts. [Hebrews 4:12]

L-368 Now, I can't. I have no way of doing it, see, 'cause I don't know her; but He does, and He is the Word.

L-369 And He is the One that can take our two spirits, like the woman at the well, and Him, and blend it; and then go away and show me just what she's here for, what she's done, or what she wants, or something. Then I can speak it and say it, and then it's up to her.

L-370 Now you say, "Brother Branham, can you heal her?" No, no. I can't do that. He's already done it. By His stripes we were healed.

L-371 But that's just to raise her faith, to let her know, that, if He knows what she has been and what she is wanting, He knows--He knows how to give it and what she will be afterwards. Is that right? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now, everybody believes that? ["Amen."]

L-372 Now be real reverent. And you people out there now, without prayer cards, you pray.

L-373 Now, remember, Jesus passed through a group one day, and a little woman touched His garment. And He turned around, said, "Who touched Me?" And He looked all over the congregation till He found her, and told her she had a blood issue. And her blood stopped at that time. See? [Mark 5:30]

L-374 Now, the Bible said that He now is "the High Priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities." Is that right? [Hebrews 4:15]

L-375 I'm looking out here at Brother Way, sitting here by his wife. Just recently that man was standing here while I was preaching, just like Paul was preaching all night one night, and this man dropped dead right in the audience. And the Holy Spirit brought him right back to life again. He is a witness, see, that, "Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever."

L-376 How many never did see Brother Way, and would like to see him; raise up your hands, never did see him. Brother Way, would you stand up? Here is the man, dropped dead about where he is sitting right now. Here is his wife, a registered nurse, standing right there. He had no pulse, gone; his eyes turned back, and he was black in his face; heart attack.

L-377 Doctor told him he had heart trouble. Before that, I had found it on discernment, not long ago, and told him that he had heart trouble. And then, all at once, his heart stopped, and down he went. And there he was, lying there, perfectly gone.

L-378 That's about six or eight times that I've seen the Lord Jesus bring back the dead. I seen Him do it, and He can do it tonight.

L-379 Now I take every spirit, in here, under my control, for the glory of God, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Be reverent. Watch.

L-380 I want to talk to you, lady. I've been preaching, you see. And just to catch your spirit, that's exactly what I'm doing. See?

L-381 There's something in you, a life, or you wouldn't be standing there; you'd be just a form, laying dead, and you'd have no life in you. But, being that there is a life in that flesh, it controls you. See? And now even your thoughts and what you think, the words you say, and everything, is what you live by. See? That's what you are, is your words, your thoughts, and whatever you are. Now, we are, we are here, believing. Now the Holy Spirit... Like Jesus told the woman, "Bring Me a drink."

L-382 And, when she brought, she said, "Why, You, You shouldn't ask me that. I'm a--I'm a Samaritan. You're... You 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min are a Jew. We don't have no customs with each other, no--no way, words with each other." [John 4:7-9]

L-383 Now, but, course, we are both Gentile. And we're standing here just believing on God. Now, if His Spirit comes by me for a gift, and can tell you what; that you know whether it's right or not, 'cause you've lived that part of the life. Then, then you have a gift, to believe it. And if you will believe it, and He will tell you about it, then it's all over. And it'll work on everyone here. Now, everybody real reverent.

L-384 And the lady suffers with something wrong in her throat. It's a throat condition. If that's right, raise up your hand. Now, I've never seen her in my life. That's right. That's what she's here for, for me to pray for her throat.

L-385 Now, right then, as soon as I said that, or just before, she was... She knew that there was Something near her. Something come near her, right then. You could see the emotion upon her, a real sweet feeling, like, struck.

L-386 That Light that you see in the picture. Where you at, George? That Light that was in the picture, is hanging right over the woman, right now. See, it's another dimension. She is a believer, not a make-believer. She's a believer.

L-387 Now, being that you are a believer, you believe me to be His servant and prophet? Have to be, to know that. [The sister says, "Yes, sir."--Ed.] Do you believe He could tell you other things that's on your heart? ["Yes, sir."] All right.

L-388 Here is something that's on your heart. It's somebody you're praying for; child. You believe He can tell me what's wrong with it? It's got a virus. Is that right? [The sister says, "That's right. Yes."--Ed.] Do you believe God can tell me who you are? ["Yes, sir."] You're Mrs. Walker. ["Right."] You're not from here. ["No."] You're from the South. ["Right."] Georgia. ["Right."] You're going home, well. Jesus Christ has healed you and your child. Don't worry about it. It's over. God bless you, sister.

L-389 How do you do? Now here is another woman. I don't know her, never seen her. She's just a woman standing there. Now look, I've been preaching, all together, since about eight o'clock, and it's ten now. That's two hours I been here. That one discernment weakened me more than that two hours of preaching. See? That's... See? You say, "You mean to say that?" Oh, yes.

L-390 That woman that touched the hem of His garment. He said, "I perceive that virtue has gone out of Me," strength. Is that right? That's what it does. Now, here is a woman that I have never seen. [Mark 5:30]

L-391 Billy went over there, if you noticed something, and picked up that boy that we have here with us, George. He is a Baptist boy. I want him to see that what we're talking about is God. His father is, family, is a nice people. They're in Mexico, missionary, fine man. And his father is sick, too. I'm just waiting for him to come. Now just watch close, George.

L-392 Now, this lady, I--I--I don't know her. I--I never seen her. I suppose we're strangers to one another. [The sister says, "That's right."--Ed.] We don't know each other.

L-393 But now, the Holy Spirit, the sweetness of Jesus being present, we are all witnessing that. Now if the Lord Jesus will reveal to me something about you...

L-394 Now, if I could heal you, I'd do it, but I can't do what He's already done. The only thing, if He was standing here tonight with this suit on, that He gave me, well, now, He--He couldn't heal you, because He's already done it. "By His stripes we were healed." See? But the only thing He would, to declare Hisself by the Word that He promised, and make you see that He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And He promised to do it.

L-395 Now if He will use me to tell you what you're here for, will you use the faith that you have, in Him, to believe that you receive what you have... are here for? With all your heart? [The sister says, "Yes, I will."] All right, may the Lord grant it.

L-396 I see the lady has something wrong. An examination shows it is a--a ruptured stomach. [The sister says, "That's right."--Ed.] That's right. ["That's right."] It's true, yes, sir, a ruptured stomach. ["It is."] Do you believe that God can heal that rupture? ["Yes, sir. I believe all I can believe."] You, all you--you... ["With all I can believe."] God bless you. ["God can heal my stomach."] 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-397 Now, you're not from here. [The sister says, "No, sir."--Ed.] Been quite a sacrifice to get here. ["Yes, it has."] It was. ["Praise the Lord!"] Yeah. Yeah. You're from Tennessee. ["Yes, sir."] That's right. Mrs. Hart. ["That's right."] Return back; don't doubt. You'll be healed, if thou canst believe.

L-398 How do you do, lady? We are strangers to one another. [The sister says, "That's right."--Ed.] I've never seen you in my life, as would know of. I might have, some where in a meeting, and you might have seen me, but I don't know you. God knows you. Do you believe in me to be His servant, and the word that I have preached is the Truth? Well, being that I am strange to you; and the Word, that I have preached, you have believed on.

L-399 The only thing, it's, some of them give you a card; either one of the ushers, or my son, or somebody gave you a card. You're number was called, and here you are. That's all I know.

L-400 But you are here, suffering from a nervous condition. It bothers you bad. You have someone with you. You have someone you're praying for. It's a... It's your husband. And he has a spiritual problem that he just can't get over with. And you have a child that's sick, too. You're not from here, but you come from the North. You're from Canada, from Alberta. That is right. You believe me as being God's prophet, and believe that what I tell you is the Truth, go home and you'll receive what you've gotten. Yes. Believe. God bless you, lady.

L-401 I am a stranger to you. You're a stranger to me. I don't know you. But God does know you. You believe me to be His servant? [The sister says, "Yes, I do."--Ed.] With all your heart? I don't know you, nothing of you. If I could heal you, I'd do so, but I--I can't. ["Amen."] I am not a healer. I am just a man. But He is God. I just a bit confused, because there's an older woman standing between me and you. It's somebody you're praying for. ["Yes."] Yeah. It's your mother. ["Yes, it is. Yes."] And she suffers with a--a high blood pressure. ["Yes, she does."] And you have a--a kidney infection. ["Yes, sir."] That is right. ["That's true."] Do you believe that? ["Yes, I do."]

L-402 Your mother isn't here. [The sister says, "No."--Ed.] But when you go to her, take that scarf that's around your neck, and put it on your mother, and don't doubt, and the high blood pressure will leave her, and your infection will be gone. Go, believe now.

L-403 You believe now? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] And all your heart? ["Amen."] Now, you see, I look out across the audience, and just looks like it's just--it's just beginning to get kind of misty, like, out there.

L-404 "These things that I do shall you do also." He's done more right here, tonight, than He... of that type, than He did in the entire journey on life. That's right. [John 14:12] Now, this one lady here, young woman. I don't know her, she's a stranger to me. But do you believe me to be His servant? [The sister says, "Yes."--Ed.] Now just a moment.

L-405 A man come before me, somebody in the audience. Now just a moment. Somebody in the audience. It left here just then; that Light left here. And there was a man standing by It, and somewhere in the audience. Just don't weary; just be of a good courage.

L-406 Let's go back again and see to the woman. Now if the Lord God... This is six or seven, or something another, that's passed through the line, under discernment. And if the Lord Jesus will reveal to me, to this woman, whatever is wrong with her, would it make the rest of you believe with all your heart? Could you accept Christ upon them basis? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] See? One time ought to prove it. Three times is a confirmation. And this is tens of thousands of times, without one time being wrong.

L-407 You're not here for yourself. You're here for a man. And I see him setting with his head down. He is smoking a cigarette, and you're praying that the cigarettes will leave him. That's... May the Lord God give you your request, sister. Go, believing with all your heart, and may that devil of habit leave your husband, in the Name of the Lord Jesus.

L-408 Your trouble is in your back. Do you believe God will make it well? You do? [The sister says, "Yes, I do."--Ed.] All right. Go, say, "Thank You, Lord."

L-409 I know this woman, I believe it's Mrs. Neece's daughter. Isn't that right? [The sister says, "Yes."--Ed.] I thought it was. God bless you. The old back trouble will leave you now and you can go and be well. 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min

L-410 Do you believe God can heal that arthritis and make you well? Go tell Him you believe Him. Just believe with all your heart.

L-411 How do you do, sir? Do you believe God can heal that stomach trouble and make you well? [The brother says, "Amen."--Ed.] All right, then go, say, "Thank the Lord, I'm--I'm going to be well now." And--and you'll--you'll be well.

L-412 Another arthritis case, and age, too. You believe that God will make you well if I lay hands upon you? [The sister says, "He has many times, with you, by laying your hands on me, brother."--Ed.] Did you hear that? [Congregation says, "Amen."] The Lord bless my sister, and give her deliverance again tonight. Amen. Just believe Him.

L-413 Heart trouble, stomach trouble. [The sister says, "Yes."] Do you believe God can heal it? All right. Go, in the Name of the Lord Jesus, may He make you well.

L-414 How do you do, young fellow? Asthmatic condition. Do you believe that God can heal asthma? [The brother says, "Yes."] Go, believe it; He'll do it. All right.

L-415 Diabetic condition. Do you believe that God can heal your blood and make you well? Go, believe Him, and He'll do it. You believe it with all your heart?

L-416 What if I didn't say nothing to you; just laid my hands on you; do you believe the Holy Ghost is here to make you well? [The patient says, "Yes."] That's the way to do it. Come here. In the Name of Jesus Christ, may he go and be healed. Amen.

L-417 Come, lady. If I didn't say nothing to you, do you believe God would heal you with that female troub-... No, excuse me, He already said it. Go ahead. God bless you. Go, go, believing, then, be made well.

L-418 You believe, sir, with all your heart? God heals heart trouble doesn't He? [The brother says, "Yes, sir."--Ed.] Makes man well. I'm sure He does.

L-419 He, He is God. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Do you believe it with all your heart? ["Amen."] Have faith in God!

L-420 Some man out here did something, just a few minutes ago. I want to find that. It was blood. Somebody like an accident, or something that happened. It was--it was bleeding. It was somewhere. The man was standing here. Now just pray. Yes, it is. It's the man sit-... Why, it's J. T. Parnell. I know the boy. You're bleeding inside, J. T. Do you believe God will make you well? All right, it'll stop then, J. T. Believe with all your heart.

L-421 The little lady sitting right here, looking right across, sitting there by Brother Grimsley. There is a Light by her. You, little white collar. Mary, I don't know you, but that's your name. You're bothered with a spiritual trouble, and also you're real nervous. Forget it; it's all going to be all right. Believe with all your heart. Have faith in God. If thou can only believe.

L-422 This little lady sitting right back up there in the back row, over on the side over there, she is from Michigan, suffering with a female trouble. Do you believe God will make you well? You can have what you ask for, then. You believe it? Amen. Raise up your hand, say, "I accept it." All right, you can go home and get well. I don't know the lady, but God does know her.

L-423 What about you here on this cot? You're the only crippled man, or man on a cot. I'm a stranger to you. I don't know you. God knows you. But, I say now, you're shadowed to death. You have cancer. You've come from a long ways. You come from Cincinnati, here. Your name is Mr. Hawk. Believe with all your heart. If you set there, you die. Accept Jesus Christ and be healed. You believe Him? Then stand up on your feet, out of that stretcher, and accept Jesus Christ.

L-424 How many in here believes Him, at this minute? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Do you believe with all your heart? ["Amen."] Then let's, every one of you, stand up right now. Stand up. Now in your own way, the way you pray, you lay your hand on somebody next to you.

L-425 Where is Sister Brown? She been setting here, suffering with that. The other day she called me on the phone, and 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min she couldn't raise her hands up. I seen it was something wrong in her blood. When I met her the other day... She has got diabetes. Where is she? She was here with Mrs. Dauch, a while ago. All right, Sister Brown. Tonight, I want you to believe with all your heart. I know you know what's wrong with you, but I want you to believe. You've come out of the hospital, to come here, see, to be prayed for. I'm praying for you now. Believe. You're going to be well.

L-426 Margie, have faith in God. It's going to quit right now. It's going to end. He can heal diabetes, He can heal you of that sickness in your stomach.

L-427 Now each one lay your hands on one another, and just hold your hands there just for a minute. Just lay your hands on one another, hold... See, it's going on eleven o'clock, and many of these people has got to drive to Tennessee and different places.

L-428 Surely, the Lord God has proved. What did you see, tonight? Did you see a man or did you see Jesus, Jesus confirming His Word?

L-429 These handkerchiefs laying here, while this anointing is upon me, I have my hands laid upon these handkerchiefs, praying that God Almighty... They said, "They took from the body of Paul handkerchiefs, or aprons."

L-430 Here is those who were dead, and has been raised up. There is those here who were in accidents, smashed up, are healed. There is...

L-431 I see Mrs. Wilson standing here, that, not long ago, she was hemorrhaging to death, with TB, years ago. Here she is tonight, the doctors didn't give her but just hours to live. Here she stands tonight.

L-432 All around, through here, lame, blind, crippled, in wheel chairs and everything, there stand tonight as living trophies. Why is it? Jesus Christ lives, He's the same yesterday, today, and forever.

L-433 That man that just testified, a while ago, of him, down there, that had epilepsy, that had it all them years, and everything, and just one time in the meeting. And that's been around, almost twenty years ago; he's never had a seizure since. That's one of the ten thousands.

L-434 He's a healer. Amen. He heals. Now, don't be excited. Just, with child-like faith, look away to Calvary. Close your eyes and forget you're in this Tabernacle. Close your eyes and forget there is anybody around you, and look to Jesus and see. Look to Jesus now and live. It's recorded in the Word, hallelujah! It's only that we "look and live." Oh, "look and live," my brother, live, Look to Jesus now and live; It's recorded in the Word, hallelujah! It's only that you "look and live."

L-435 Close your eyes to man. Close your eyes to the things around you. And look through your faith, to Jesus Christ, and know, that, "He was wounded for your transgressions; by His stripes you were healed." [Isaiah 53:5]

L-436 Lord Jesus, as these people are praying, and, they have their hands upon each other. And we are... realize that we're standing in the Presence of the living, resurrected Jesus Christ, in the form of the Holy Spirit, revealing to us the secrets of our hearts, making known to us our desires, and promising us that He would give us our desires if we would only believe.

L-437 Men and women have their hands on one another. They are praying, because we are fellow citizens of the Kingdom of God. We are fellow brethren and sisters of Jesus Christ.

L-438 And, Satan, we come to you in the challenge of the Name of the Lord Jesus. He is the Sword. He is the One who cuts away the sickness. He is the One who cuts away the doubt. He is the Conqueror. Now we challenge you, in the Name of Jesus Christ, that you come out of this people, Satan!

L-439 The Word of God is made manifest. It circumcises, takes away doubt, takes away sickness, and brings perfect deliverance. We pray that the Holy Ghost will fall upon this people, and give to them the power of faith to believe that 63-1229E, Look Away To Jesus, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 129 min the Presence of the omnipotent Christ is here now. Grant it, Lord.

L-440 I condemn every sickness. I condemn all diseases. I condemn all unbelief. In the Name of Jesus Christ, may the Holy Ghost honor what I've said, and sweep through this building and deliver every person in Divine Presence.

L-441 Raise up your hands now and praise Him. I pronounce you well and healed, in the Name of Jesus Christ! Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ There Is A Man Here That Can Turn On The Light
