Date: 1964-02-06
Title: God's Provided Way For This Day
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Kern County Fairgrounds
Location: Bakersfield, CA
Duration: 54 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 64-0206E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 ... the Scripture. I am certainly glad to have, back behind me here tonight... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Turn into the Scripture, for just a little text, the Lord willing.

L-2 And remember, tomorrow night, praying for the sick again. And now when I'm speaking... Listen, everybody try to do this, don't wait for any certain thing to happen. The thing for you to do, is believe God right now. Believe Him right now! See?

L-3 Now there has been all kinds of ministries. God, in this last days, I believe, has give us everything He has got in His Book. Everything that He has promised, we've seen, and still it seems like that people can't grasp it. Those who are ordained to grasp it, will grasp it; only those. It blinds one; opens the eyes of another.

L-4 Remember, we believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is not dead, but alive forevermore. And He's here tonight. We are in His Presence, tonight, and He is here to confirm and make good any promise that He made for this day. And He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, anything that He was, He is, tonight. So let us believe Him now, as we read His Word and speak of Him, for the next fifteen, twenty minutes. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-5 Genesis, the 22nd chapter, and the 7th and 8th verse, for the way of getting a text. And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for the burnt-offering? And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for the burnt-offering: so they went both of them together. [Genesis 22:7-8]

L-6 Lord Jesus, bless Thy Word, may It not return void, but may the seeds fall upon ground that will bring forth salvation to those who are in need, both physically and spiritually. We commit ourselves to You; the congregation, the audience, the Word, the text, the context. May the Holy Spirit take over our beings, that we see Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-7 I want to speak just for the next few minutes now on: God's Provided Way For This Day.

L-8 God always has had a way. There is two ways, that's, our ways or His ways. God has a way for today, for He's always made a way for everything. God, at the beginning, knowed the end, so He has laid out His Scripture for each age. And that age, when it comes along... Now don't fail to see this. That age, when it comes along, usually the ministry is so mixed up in isms, and so forth, and traditions, till it's a million miles away from the Word.

L-9 And then God always sends someone on the scene, a prophet. And this prophet... God never changes His system. He never changes His ways. He always does it the same way. He always has; He must do it this time. And, through this, God works and vindicates that Word. As I spoke to you last night, God doing His own interpretation. God needs no one to interpret the Word to Him. He interprets It Himself, by vindicating It, making It real. And when God says He'll do a certain thing, then He does it, there is no more question to it. That's the way He does it. [II Peter 1:20], [Amos 3:7]

L-10 So God has made a way for us. God loves His children. He loves His people. He wants to help them. He wants to help you more than you want help. If you can just get that in your heart, that God is more willing to help you than you are to help yourself. But He has a way, and that's the only way that He'll work is through His way. You must come to His terms, not your terms. His terms! You want it a certain way, but He--He gives it to you His way.

L-11 Like Naaman dipping in the--the--the waters of Jordan. Why, he said the waters up in his country is much cleaner and better, but that wasn't what the prophet said. "Dip here." He dipped once, leprosy still there; six times, it was still there. He had to obey and come God's way. And when He fully obeyed God's way, the leprosy left. [II Kings 5:10-15]

L-12 And I say, tonight, that if we obey God's provided way, leprosy will leave, sickness will leave, everything will leave, but we got to come His way for this day. Now, dipping in the Jordan wouldn't do any good now; that was for 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min Naaman. The law was for the--for the Jews. Grace is by Christ.

L-13 But each age has its part of the Gospel already predicted. This Bible is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ. There can be no more added to It, or anything taken away from It; the person who does it is cursed. We cannot add nothing to It, take nothing from It. We must look in Here and see what's promised for this age, and then see it happen. That's God interpreting His Own Word. When It said, "A virgin shall conceive," she did. That's God's interpretation of It. What He promises, that He does. [Revelation 22:18-19], [II Peter 1:20], [Isaiah 7:14]

L-14 Now we see that God doesn't change His systems of doing things. He always does it the same. We are constantly changing because that we are finite. We make all kinds of mistakes, and can improve and get better. But God is infinite. His first decision is perfect all the time. He cannot get smarter. He was the... He is the source of all wisdom. He is all wisdom. He is all power, omnipotent, omnipresent, omniscient, and infinite. So therefore, when He says anything, hang your soul on It, because it's true.

L-15 Now some churches says, "And we don't believe This, and we believe that." God will never judge the--the world by a church. He judges it by Jesus Christ, and Jesus is the Word. He'll judge the church by the Word. [Romans 2:16]

L-16 And if This is the revelation of Jesus Christ for all ages, and for this age, He's revealed in this Bible what He would do in this age; and when we see It do it, when we see Him do what He promised to do. Not a virgin birth; that was two thousand years ago. But what He promised to do today, what He said He would do today, that's what He is today.

L-17 Many time, people say, "Well, I don't believe That." Well, you got Eve's interpreter again; just takes part of It, but not all of It.

L-18 So we want to remember that God ever remains the same. His Word, and what He says, He will do it.

L-19 To show that He doesn't change. In Genesis 1, He said, "Let every seed bring forth of its kind. Let every seed bring forth of its kind." And right there, we hit something right there that knocks all the evolutionists out. You cannot rebreed things. You take like the horse and--and the... and the--the donkey, bred them together, you get a mule, but a mule cannot breed back and get another mule. It stops right there. "Every seed of its kind." They can make a breeding, but it changes itself right back again, shows it does not evolute up like that. No, sir. It stops right there. You can breed spinach and something else, together, and bring out a kale, but you can't breed that back again. No, sir. You can breed hybrid corn; but you plant that hybrid corn back over again, you get nothing. You've got to rebreed it each time. Because, God said, "Let every seed bring forth of its kind." [Genesis 1:11]

L-20 And now, by hybreeding things, look what the world has got into today. I was reading an article here, out of the Reader's Digest, where, "Twenty years from now, women won't have babies, if it keeps on. They're eating hybrid food." The thing of it is, they've hybrid it, and that's not a way the human being was made, to eat that kind of food. It was made to meet it in... or to eat it in the way it was created. That's the reason, today, that they can't keep meats and everything is the way it is, is because it's hybrid, hot planted, and, oh, every kind of a way. It's just all mixed up. It's got to where the entire human race is being destroyed by their own achievements, by trying to take something that God made good, and turn it around and make it some other way, in their own way. Leave it the way God made it! [Genesis 1:24]

L-21 It's even got into a place to where they are trying to hybreed the churches, today; from the real baptism of the Holy Ghost, to a handshake; some kind of a sprinkling, to a water baptism. Oh, my! The whole thing is hybrid. We want to get back.

L-22 A hybrid plant, you have to baby it and spray it, and keep the bugs and beetles off of it. But not a genuine healthy plant; he is sturdy, strong, don't no bugs come on him. He has got enough in him to throw the bug off.

L-23 And so is a genuine Christian! You don't have to baby him and pat him, and tell him this, that, or the other. He has got something in him, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that throws all the rest of it off. Don't have to beg him around, because he is a genuine plant of God. He has got something in him that wars. A Christian fights for every inch of ground he stands on. He must do that, if he ever expects to exist. And, by doing it, there is Something in him that takes 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min care of him.

L-24 Eve tried to hybrid the Word, in the beginning. God told her, "The day you eat thereof, that day you die." She tried to breed It in with knowledge that Satan give her. And when she did, she lost the whole human race, right there, to the devil, when she tried to mix God's unadulterated Word with knowledge. It doesn't come from the knowledge of the world. [Zechariah 4:6]

L-25 It comes by the power of the Holy Spirit! "Not by power, by might, but by My Spirit," saith the Lord. That's how God does it. God's Word is the seed of Eternal Life. [Zechariah 4:6]

L-26 If you try to hybred It, what will you do? You'll kill yourself with It. It will not work. It will not mix no more than oil or water ever mixed. It will not do it.

L-27 They have never, in all the way, tried to find anything that's better than God's way of doing it. You know, they've never found a way, better, for a chicken to get born in this world, than peck hisself out of his shell. Did you know that? They never have found a better way. The little fellow is born with a little snoot on the end of his--on the end of his bill. And that little bill he got, to go to work and go to scratching, scratching back and forth, till he gets his head started, gets his head out, picks his way free. It's God's provided way. You pull him out of the shell, it'll kill him. He won't live if you pull him out of the shell. He has to come God's way.

L-28 That's what's the matter with Christians today. We so soft-soaped them, and we shook their hands and brought them in by secret, and joined them into the church. What they need is an old-fashion prayer altar where they pray through, until using themselves, come in God's provided way, till they free themselves from the world. The trouble of it, today, they put their name on the book and join church, and that's all there is to it. But God's way, provided way, is to stay there and work your way through, until God gives you the new Birth. That's exactly right. Pick him out, it'll kill him.

L-29 That's what's the matter, today, with the people. A new Birth, they all dodge it. They don't like it. Oh, they have substituted something for the new Birth, "come up and believe, and that's all you have to do." The Devil believes, himself, and you know he is not born again. There is a new Birth. There is something goes with it, it's kind of unfitting, untasting to the world. [James 2:19]

L-30 Any birth is a mess. I don't care where it's at. If it's in the pig pen, or--or a hospital. A birth is a mess.

L-31 So is the new Birth! It'll make you do things you didn't think you would do. It'll make you get down at the altar and cry, scream, wash the paint off your face, raise your hands, praise God, speak in tongues, and all kinds of things. The new Birth will do that because it's God's provided way to be borned again.

L-32 You have to die. You have to die before you can be reborn. Any seed has to die before it's regenerated again. Unless it dies, it abides alone. A man has got to die to his own thinking. He's got to die to the thinking of anything but God's Word, and come His way. That's God's ground. We don't meet Him on our thoughts; we meet Him on what He said do. That's God's provided way for it. People dodge it; they don't want it. But it's true, just the same. It'll, it produces death, and you have to die, die to your thinking. [John 12:24]

L-33 "Well, I know the Bible says it, but I can't understand it." Then stay there till God reveals it. That's right. It's got... That's the new Birth.

L-34 Ducks and geese, they've never found a better way for them to go South, than to swarm first. And that's right. You'll see them all get together and they'll come themselves, some kind of an instinct draws them together, and they get together and swarm before they fly, before they go South. What is it? It's revival time, when they all get together. Did you ever hear such a chattering in your life, as to hear them geese get together, or them ducks? I never heard such! And they have... There is no other, better way for them to do it.

L-35 Many a times, up in the north woods, I watch the first beginning of the cold weather, in Canada. A bunch of ducks born right there on that lake, they've never been off that lake, this little fellow hasn't. And the first thing you know, a cold breeze comes down from the North. This little, little old drake, he is just born a leader, gets right out there in the 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min middle of that pond, sticks his little honker up in the air, honks four or five times, and every duck on the pond comes right to him. And he rises from there, and goes just as straight to Louisiana as he can go, to the rice paddies.

L-36 Why? They've never found a better way for him to get there. You can't herd them together. You put them in a cook and... a coop, and truck them down there. That duck has got better sense than that. And you put him in that coop, to take him down there, he knows he's headed for the slaughter pen. That's exactly right. He goes God's provided way.

L-37 That's the way man ought to do today, not be herded in by some denominational coop. But come in the way God said come in, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the new Birth, swarming revival. Not church joining, soliciting from door to door, and passing magazines; but a Birth, being born again, filled with the Holy Ghost, God's way, freeing himself from the world. Right! Believing God's Word! The hour is here. That's what we must believe.

L-38 Man, you can never... I don't care how many man would try to go to that duck pond up there and say, "Now wait a minute, you little ducks, got something to talk to you. We got an educated duck here. He's got a Ph.D. and an LL.D. I'm telling you, he can lead you."

L-39 Them ducks got better sense than that. Yes, sir. They don't care about his better education, whatever it is. They can tell the certain honk he gives. It's an instinct. Oh, my! The church ought to know that much about the Word of God!

L-40 It's a certain uncertain sound. The Bible said, Paul said, "If the trumpet gives an uncertain sound, who can prepare himself for battle?" That's right, if the church--if the church give an uncertain sound of "joining." [I Corinthians 14:8]

L-41 God said, "Birth!" What the Birth did there, the Birth does the same today, because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. What He was then, He is today. What they did then, is the same thing we do today. The way they got It there, is the same thing they do today. Same thing they got today, is what they had back there. If It comes at all, It comes that way. That's the way, God's provided way. It never changes. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-42 Ducks never change. They completely swarm, each year, go north, south, and whichever way they go. They swarm first.

L-43 That's the way God does. He sends His Word at season, that season, then It's manifested. And I don't care how many other things that go on; when they see the Word of God promised for that day, being vindicated and promised, there is nothing going to stop them. "A virgin shall conceive." And when they said... [Isaiah 7:14]

L-44 "The Lord our God shall raise up a Prophet likened unto me," Moses said. [Deuteronomy 18:15]

L-45 And when they seen this Man come and do the things He did, they knowed that was the Messiah. When Philip saw that done, he said, "Thou art the Christ. Thou art the King of Israel." He knew it because the Word had promised it, and it was living in that day. No matter how many Pharisees, Sadducees, was standing around, Doctors of Divinity, it didn't stop him a bit, because he was looking for that sign. When he saw it done, that was the sign of the hour. That's what they were looking for, God's way provided. Yes, sir. [Matthew 16:16]

L-46 Now you couldn't give a duck, education. He couldn't do it. He wouldn't want it. The rest of the ducks wouldn't follow him, no matter how much degrees he could say he had. "Now, looky here, I've went to duck school. I know all about it. I have graduated. I know all these things." It won't do a bit of good. None of them other ducks would follow him, if they're genuine ducks, amen, because they are looking for a certain sign. When they see that sign, they believe it.

L-47 And if a duck has a way of knowing it, how about a born-again Christian? We ought to know Jesus Christ in the power of His resurrection. Right. God does it God's provided way.

L-48 Remember, the education wouldn't be the instrument to lead them to God's provided place. The instrument they have is instinct. And they, them ducks, know that that instinct will take them to God's provided place.

L-49 So does the Holy Spirit take the Church to God's provided place. Not to join a church, but to be filled with His Presence, to see His Word made manifest, vindicated. That's God's provided way for the church, always, for the people, to bring them to the place that God has provided for them. That's exactly what the church should be today. Now, we know that's true. [John 16:13-15]

L-50 There is no better way for a... They never found a better way for a baby to get what it wants than to cry for it. If 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min you give him a bell, and say, "Junior, you're only three days old, but now when you want to, when you want your bottle, raise up this bell and ring it," see if it works. It don't work. The baby cries for what it wants. That's God's provided way. The louder you cry... Don't whip the little fellow, he is only following God's provided way. He wants something. That's right. It's the only way he knows to call his mother; scream for it, cry for it. That's right.

L-51 God recommends this for His children. God recommends this for His believing children. He did. Not intellectual speeches, not some great theology, theology to teach. He wants you to cry for your needs. And that's right, cry out for it! You're too stiff and starchy, you'll never get it. If you are ready to limber yourself up a little, and cry, God will give it to you. He likes to hear His children cry. Cry your needs to God! God wants it. That's His provided way. Cry out for it! That's the way the baby cries; that's the way He wants you to cry. "Cry how long?"

L-52 How long does a baby cry? Until he gets satisfied. And that's the way the believing Christian should do, God's child. If you see that God made the promise, don't give it up, cry till it's answered. Cry till you see God vindicates His Word. When God vindicates His Word, and proves it's here, then you don't have to cry no more; you got it, walk away and thank Him for it. Until you do that, scream out till you get it. I like that, persistent, holding on.

L-53 Not a hybrid plant, not one that has to be babied and petted, and packed around. Christians are real, genuine, born, articles of God. They fight for their position, and fight till they're finished on this earth. Every move of it is a fight.

L-54 God told Moses He give him the land. He told Joshua, "Every place the foot, or sole of your foot, treads, that I have given you." They had to fight for every inch of it. So do we fight for every inch of it. It isn't something to be babied and petted, and around like that, and say, "Well, I'll take you over there, see what you think about it. You pass your opinion." That's no way to come. [Joshua 1:3]

L-55 Come with a determination. Come that you're going to stay there till it's over. Stay there till God answers and vindicates. A man that believes in God, can see the Presence of God, feel the Presence of God, sense the Presence of God, and know He's here. He is here to answer everything that He made promise for in this day. Then, cry till you get it! Hold onto Him. Don't leave, if you have to stay day and night. God don't want His children to listen to intellectual speeches. He wants them to cry out to It, till the promise is vindicated.

L-56 Abraham here had a need of a sacrifice. What happened? God provided him a lamb. That was God's provided way. He needed a sacrifice, so God provided it. Later on, he called the place Jehovah-Jireh, "the Lord will provide for Himself a sacrifice." [Genesis 22:14]

L-57 Now, Job, one time, the old prophet, Job. He was a prophet. He had got in trouble. Satan had desired to tempt him, and he broke him out in boils. And he taken his children, he taken his stock, he taken all he had, and he broke him out in boils. [Job 2:7]

L-58 And his comforters come, what did they do? They provided nothing but a scorn, teased him, telling him, "Why, you have sinned, secretly."

L-59 And Job just held right on. He cried out. He was sure he was following God's commandments. He had done just exactly what God promised to do. What God promised him, that He would stand by him, under the burnt-sacrifice, and he stayed there.

L-60 So, God provided him a vision. He was a prophet. What did he see? He saw the Word, Jesus Christ. He said, "I know my Redeemer liveth. And at the last days, He'll stand upon the earth. Though the skin worms destroys this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God." See, He provided the resurrection vision for him. Him being a prophet, he saw the Word. He saw the Word and he knowed that his bones and his body would rise again in the last day. He was questioned if he knowed where God was, if he could only see. [Job 19:25-27]

L-61 He said, "A flower dies, it rises up again; a tree goes down, it rises up again; but a man layeth down and giveth up the ghost, he wasteth away, where is he? O that Thou would hide me in the grave, and keep me in the secret place till Thy wrath be passed." [Job 14:10, 12, 14] 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min

L-62 Then the thunders begin to roar, the lightning begin to flash, the Spirit of the Lord come upon the prophet. And he stood up, and he saw the Coming of the Lord, and he screamed, "I know my Redeemer liveth, and at the last days He'll stand on the earth. Though the skin worms destroys this body, in my flesh I shall see God." God provided the Word, Jesus Christ, and he saw Him and called Him his Redeemer. [Job 19:25-27]

L-63 Israel needed a way out of Egypt, and God provided them a prophet, a prophet that vindicated the Word that was promised to Abraham. Exactly, God's provided way! They couldn't train up a soldier, they couldn't do this, they couldn't do that. The only thing they did was wait for God's provided way. And He told, said, "He would bring those people out, after four hundred years. His people would be in bondage, but He would bring them out with a strong hand. He would show His signs and wonders, and get glory in that nation." [Genesis 15:13-14]

L-64 Here come the man down, when they cried and cried! And now remember, all the crying wouldn't deliver them, until that time was fulfilled.

L-65 These things that we are seeing today, couldn't happen twenty years ago, or forty years ago. It's today it happens. This is the hour! This is the time! Now is the time it's fulfilled. Why? God promised it, and here it is.

L-66 They said, a hundred years ago, that, "The baptism of the Holy Ghost could not be again." They said, fifty years ago, "The Holy Ghost..." But you Pentecostal people proved them, that it was God's hour to pour out the Holy Ghost. No matter what the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran said, you stayed right with God's Word. Men of courage went out there and held on till the baptism of the Holy Ghost come, and they spoke in tongues and magnified God. Nobody can tell you any different. God is His Own interpreter; you've got it. You might not be able to explain it, but you know you got it. Who can explain God? Nobody can. [Joel 2:28]

L-67 I can't tell you how God can show a vision, but I know it happens. I can't see how God can do these things. It's not my business to explain it. He's, abides alone. He is Elohim, the self-sufficient One. I'm just His servant. I know He promised it, and I know it's here. That's one thing I know. I know that, that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I know He promised this, and God is here to make His promise true. Yeah. God's provided way! [Hebrews 13:8]

L-68 Israel was provided a prophet, that vindicated the Word, and they were brought out. This prophet, Moses, he lived for several years in the wilderness, forty years, struggling with these people, trying to keep them till he could get them to the promised land. It come to a place, the man had to die; he was a hundred and twenty years old. There wasn't a place for him to die. When he got ready to die, God provided him a Rock; the Rock that he had smote in the wilderness, the Rock that had followed them, that they had drank from. God provided him a Rock, a place to die, where Moses could die a decent death.

L-69 Upon this Rock, God, let me die on that same Rock! That's where I want to. That Rock was Christ Jesus. Yes, sir.

L-70 After he died, upon that Rock, he needed pallbearers. God sent him a bunch of Angels. Why not a bunch of his elders? Because no one could take him where he was going, but Angels. They packed him into the Presence of God, he needed pallbearers and God provided it. He went God's provided way. Hallelujah! [Deuteronomy 34:5-6]

L-71 Enoch had walked five hundred years with God, and he pleased Him. He needed a highway to go Home on. God provided it. [Genesis 5:24], [Hebrews 11:5]

L-72 Elijah had cursed Jezebel about her painted face, and her way she had got all the people doing. And he was tired and weary, and was about ready to go Home. He was so old he couldn't hardly walk across Jordan; God provided a way for him to cross Jordan. He wanted to go up into Heaven, to meet God; God sent a chariot of fire down, and horses, and took him up. God's provided way. God's provided way. He always does it just exact. Right. Yes, sir. God provides a way, always. Yes. [II Kings 2:11]

L-73 The wise men, when they were on their road from up in Babylon, they were seeing a way they wanted to go down, 'cause they knew this King was to be born. They needed a compass; God provided a Star. They left everything else behind. They didn't need compasses; they followed the Star. It was God's provided way. God provided a way, they followed the Star until they found the perfect Light. Oh! [Matthew 2:2] 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min

L-74 The world needed a Saviour, one day. They was lost; they didn't know it. They thought they were saved, but they needed a Saviour. God provided a Son, for the Saviour. Why? No one else could do it. There was no man on earth, no man in Heaven, nowhere, was able to do it. God overshadowed a virgin, she conceived and brought forth a Man-Child. And that Man-Child was not Jewish or Gentile. He was God, manifested in the flesh, the only One that could redeem. His Blood saves us. His Blood heals us. It's that Blood that we can stand on, to any promise that He made. God promised to do it. [Luke 1:30], [Luke 1:30-32, 35]

L-75 God only meets the worshiper through the Blood, and under the Blood. Israel had one place to meet God. Not in a... God has got one Place, today, that He--He meets the worshiper; not at the Methodist, Baptist, or Pentecostal. He meets them under the Blood. That's the only provided place God has; not in the organization, not in a union. But in the Blood is where Jesus Christ meets His worshiper. "When I see the Blood!" That's God's provided way. [Exodus 12:13]

L-76 After the church had been thoroughly convinced, when they seen Him, that He was the Messiah!

L-77 When the little woman at the well, when she needed a Saviour, she needed something to show. She had been to church and everything else, and they had seen this creed and that creed, till, she turned to be a prostitute. It turned her on the street. One day, she was going to get a bucket of water, about eleven o'clock in the day, and there sat a Man; a Jew up here, at this little panoramic. And she said... [John 4:7]

L-78 When she went to drop her bucket down over the windle, to get the water, she heard a Man say, "Woman, bring Me a drink." And she said... [John 4:7]

L-79 She turned quickly, and thinking Him just to be an ordinary Jew, for He was just human as far as the body was concerned. He was a Man; eat, drink, slept, like we do. He was so much human till He could die, and yet He was God. Then we find out, that when...

L-80 Said "It's not customary for you Jews to ask Samaritans such things as that." [John 4:9]

L-81 He said, "But if you knew Who you were talking to, you would ask Me for a drink." Said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I have no husband." [John 4:10, 16-17]

L-82 Said, "Thou has said the truth. You've got five, and the one you're living with now is not yours." What happened? God had provided something for her. [John 4:17]

L-83 She said, "Sir, I perceive that You are a prophet. We know that when the Messiah cometh, He'll tell us these things. That's what He'll do. The Word says so. We're looking for it. I'm sick and tired of all this stuff, their creeds and things, Pharisees, Sadducees, and Herodians, whatever it might be. But we know a Messiah is coming, when He comes. What do You say about it?" [John 4:19]

L-84 He said, "I am He." Amen! God had provided a way. She left the water pot, a changed woman, and run into the city, and said, "Come, see a Man Who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the Messiah?" [John 4:26, 28-29]

L-85 Peter, listening to Andrew's story, and many times had listened, heard Andrew talk about John introducing a Messiah, and a Man, and all these things taking place. It was all mystery to Peter. But one day he come with Andrew, to see Jesus. And when he got in the Presence of Jesus, Jesus looked at him, and He said, "Your name is Simon, and you're the son of Jonas." God had provided the way for Peter to see Who He was. He was that Messiah. [John 1:42]

L-86 Now we find out, that after Jesus had died, and ascended into Heaven, the Church needed Power, to witness. God give them a Pentecost. He provided a Pentecost. [Acts 2:1-4]

L-87 Two thousand years has passed, friends. Two thousand years has passed. In these latter days, we have got so, man has got into the system of Christianity and has perverted It again, hybrid It to creeds, churches, denominations, intellectual speeches, until the Power and the real thing of the Gospel of Christ is practically lost. And here we are with Word promised for this last days, what will happen, what will take place; man don't believe It. They've got away from It. You ask them if they're a Christian; say, "I belong to so-and-so." That doesn't mean one thing. You got to be a Christian by birth. Now we got the whole thing into a Babylon again, after two thousand years. 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min

L-88 The Church today needs Power and Truth, again. Oh! God raised up His Son, that this would be taken care of, for He said, "A little while and the world will see Me no more; yet you'll see Me, for I'll be with you, even in you." We find out, in Hebrews 13:8, "He is the same yesterday, today, and forever." [Matthew 28:20], [Hebrews 13:8], [John 14:19], [John 16:17]

L-89 We find out, in Malachi 4, that He promised us a Message in the last days, that would "restore the Faith of the people back to the fathers again." He promised it, in the last days.

L-90 He also promised, in John 14:12, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also. Even more than this, or greater than this, shall he do, for I go to My Father."

L-91 He was speaking one day. They said, "Master, show us a sign." [Matthew 12:38]

L-92 He said, "A weak and an adulterous generation seeks after a sign." That's the generation we are living in today. He said, "And I'll give them a sign. For as Jonas was in the belly of the whale, three days and nights, so must the Son of man be in the heart of the earth, three days and nights." [Matthew 12:39]

L-93 What kind of a sign would a wicked and adulterous generation find out? The resurrection sign. And that's what we are promised today, the resurrection sign that He is still alive, He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-94 He said, "As it was in the days of Lot," as we went through it last night. "The days of Lot, what happened in the days of Lot, so would it be at the coming of the Son of man." These things we are promised, many more Scriptures. To keep from taking up time... "A little while and the world won't see Me no more. Kosmos, 'the order, the church age,' they won't see Me no more. Yet ye shall see Me, for I'll be with you, even in you, to the end of the age." "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." What is it? It's God's provided sign, God's provided way. [Luke 17:28-30], [John 14:19], [Matthew 28:20], [Hebrews 13:8]

L-95 Abraham waiting for the son. The last sign that he saw before the destruction of the Gentiles, was God manifested in human flesh, that knowed the secrets of the heart of Sarah when she was in the tent. Jesus said, "That'll return again at the coming of the Son of man." Brother, sister, I believe we're living in that day. I believe this is the day of the promise. [Luke 17:20]

L-96 You've got to have faith in what you're doing. If you haven't got faith, if you just taking it presumingly... The word presume, according to Webster, means, "to adventure without authority." But when the Word promises it, and God stands behind that Word, you're not presuming any more. You're doing exactly what God said do, and He is duty bound to back It up.

L-97 Great, famous, a--a revivalist, many years ago, I seen him when I was a little boy, was Paul Rader. He told a story, one day, that's always stuck with me. He said, "One day, we was cutting wood." He was a logger, up in Oregon, and said the boss told him go up the top of the hill. He was dreaming. Where he was really at, at the time, he was down in the islands; and took a fever, real hot, and he was dying. They went for a doctor, but it was miles and miles away, by canoe.

L-98 Before the doctor could get there, Paul begin to fade away, get sicker and sicker. He called his faithful wife. He said, "Dear, it's getting dark in the room, darker, closing in." And he went back into a coma.

L-99 And when he did, he said he dreamed, when he was in this coma, that his boss sent him up to cut a certain tree. He found the tree, he fell the tree, stuck his ax into it, and reached down to pick it up. He just couldn't pick it up. Said his strength was depleted. He just couldn't pick it up. He said, "All the size that tree is, surely I can pick that up. Let me try again." And he got down and he lifted, he just toiled till he was wore out. He sit down aside of the tree, and said, "I just don't know what I'll do. The boss requires this tree down there at the camp, and I'm too weak to bring it down."

L-100 Said he heard the sweetest Voice he ever heard, it was his boss that spoke; but said, when he turned to see who his boss was, it was the Lord Jesus. He said, "Paul, what are you fighting so about? What are you all flustrated about? You see that water running there?" Said, "Why don't you just throw the log in the river, and ride it down? Ride it to the 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min camp."

L-101 He jumped on the log and started down over the ripples, screaming to the top of his voice. "I'm riding on it! I'm a riding on it!"

L-102 Brother, sister, Jesus Christ promised these things to happen in the last days. I believe that we are living here. I believe that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I don't know how it's happened, but I'm riding on It. I believe that It's the Truth, because It's the Gospel, God's provided way. I believe It is the Message of the hour, the time that we're living in. It's God's provided way. I'm riding on It! Won't you jump on with me, while we bow our heads?

L-103 Heavenly Father, we are riding into Glory upon Thy Word. We believe that Thy Word is Truth. O God, may every man and woman, tonight, climb aboard the Word, and remember, as they go along down through the journey, they can confess, "I'm riding on God's promise. It'll take me right into Glory. It's God's provided way for me today. 'Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever.'" [Hebrews 13:8]

L-104 You said, "A little while and the world won't see Me no more, yet ye shall see Me; for I will be with you, even in you." You promised us, Lord, we would see You. [John 14:19], [Matthew 28:20]

L-105 The Greeks come, one time, and said, "Sirs, we would see Jesus." And they was granted that privilege. And tonight, Lord, we want to see You, too. It's our hearts' desire. No one can ever hear of You, unless they want to see You. Then if these Greeks was permitted to see You, and You provided a way for us to see You, You always make a way because You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. A servant brought these Greeks into Your Presence, and they got to see You. Grant us the same privilege tonight, Father. May we, as servants, bring this audience into Your Presence. And may we see Jesus, tonight, Who is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Grant it, Lord. [John 12:23]

L-106 Save the lost, Lord, if there be a man, woman, boy, or girl. When we see our nation so polluted with murderers and cut-throats, and perverbs, and to see the corruption in the nation today! And to see the corruption in the churches, and see them leading to that ecumenical slaughter up there, because they are not going God's provided way! They're going by the way of some creed instead of coming by the Word.

L-107 God, we pray that real, genuine, born Christians, as I illustrated it, by being real ducks, they... "My sheep hear My Voice, a stranger they won't follow." Lord, Your Voice is the Word. That's always been Your provided way for the Church and for the people, is Your Word. "Thy Word is the Truth." And You are the Word. And the Bible tells us, "The Word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." [John 10:27], [Hebrews 4:12]

L-108 Why couldn't Israel see their Messiah, when they saw that He was that Word, when He could discern the thoughts that was in their heart? Why didn't they? They understood it through the prophets, that the prophets could; but when fulness of God was made into His Son, and He lived among us, then they failed to see it because they were blinded.

L-109 Lord, those who have their eyes open, tonight, may we see Jesus in our midst. May every sick person be healed. May this settle it, Lord, that they'll never, no more, from this hour on... but what will believe that You are the Messiah. They are coming God's way. Many of them are here, tonight, dying. There is many here, tonight, that probably won't be here a week from today, if You, Your help doesn't come.

L-110 Now, Father, You're only responsible for what You promised. But You did promise that we would see You. You promised that what You did we would do also. This is the hour. I've confessed it; I believe it. I heard You say so; Your Word says so. You confirm it. I know it's true. Now let it be known, Lord. It has been written, now let it be done, for the Kingdom of God's sake. Amen.

L-111 I don't believe we're going to call a prayer line. I believe I'll just use it from right here.

L-112 How many of you is sick? Now will you be... You're holding your hand, witnessing you're sick.

L-113 How many of you will witness the same thing, "Brother Branham, I'm really not saved"? Will you raise your hand, "Pray for me"? God bless you, you. That's good. That's... God bless you. "I am not saved." 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min

L-114 Now, you that raised your hands, and you that didn't, "But, Brother Branham, truly I want to be saved. It's my heart. I believe that there's nothing left for anyone in the world." What more, what could you achieve, would be greater than your salvation? "Pray for me. I want to be saved." Would you raise your hand, all over the building, wherever, "I want..."?

L-115 How many of you haven't received the Holy Spirit, say, "I know I must receive It"? Raise your hands. "I haven't; I want to." All right, there is quite a few that hasn't.

L-116 Now, Christ keeps His Word, and you've got to keep your faith in Him. He is the Word. Now, Hebrews the 4th chapter, said that, "the Word of God," which is Christ. Christ is the Word. You all know that? Say "amen." [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] He is the Word, "the same yesterday, today, and forever." What He was in Moses, He also was in Elijah; what He was in Elijah, He was in John; what He was in John, He completed Himself in--in Jesus. And today He is the same as He was then, and It's still God's Word prophesied for the day, which makes Him the Light that lights up and vindicates the promised Word. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-117 We're at the end time, friends. Jesus is present. I know you've heard that.

L-118 What if you never did see, in your life, and you never had the sense of sight, no human being did, but every once in a while you feeled a real warm feeling? And I had a sight, I could see, and I'd tell you it was the sun. You say, "I don't know how it happens, but I get a feeling, like warm, you can feel." I say, "That's the sun." "What is the sun?" "It's a light." "What is a light?" It would all be a new world to you.

L-119 But what if I told you Jesus Christ was standing here now? What if I told you He is in the midst of us? He promised it. "Wherever two or three are gathered in My Name, there I am in their midst. There I am!" Now that's either the Truth, to me, This is all the Truth, or It isn't any the Truth. This is either the Right, or it isn't right. [Matthew 18:20]

L-120 Now, as far as saving you, He did that when He died at Calvary. Healing you, He did that when He died at Calvary. You believe that. The Word said He did.

L-121 Now the only thing that He could do, if He was standing here with--with this suit on, that He gave me, would only be prove to you He was Messiah.

L-122 Not by nail scars in His hand. Any hyprocrite can do that, put nail scars, and blood over his face, and marks and things. That can be done. That's been. Many person even crucified like Him. That isn't it.

L-123 But His Life, what was in Him! "The Son can do nothing, in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." It's the Life that's in Him, that proved. Not because He was a Jew did the little woman at the well believe Him to be the Messiah; because He could discern the thoughts in her heart, that made Him Messiah. If that was the way the Messiah introduced Himself in the days gone by, that was His provided way to make Hisself known. That's His provided way, according to the Scripture, for this age. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] [John 5:19]

L-124 Now, each one of you here, I'm a stranger. I have looked around, I don't see a person that I know. Everybody in here, that doesn't know me, and knows I know nothing about you, raise up your hands. Solid, everywhere. This person laying here on this cot, raised up his hand. He didn't know me. Nobody knows me.

L-125 But remember, God does know you. God knows you. Now, if He proves that He's here. "What is it, Brother Branham?" It's a gift.

L-126 What is a gift? What is a gift, anyhow? Not to take something and use something, say, "I got a gift of healing! I go out and heal this one, heal that one." If I could, I'd certainly do it. Now, but, a gift, and you're--you're... You misinterpret a gift. A gift is just "get yourself out of the way and let the Holy Spirit use you." See? That's the gift.

L-127 That's what a minister is. He don't preach what he wants to preach. He just gets hisself out of the way, it's a gift, and inspiration comes, and he--he speaks through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Any other gift is the same way. 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min Now, ministerial gifts, and so forth, has been. There is, first, of God-given gifts, is, "first apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, and evangelists." That's the offices. That's our gifts.

L-128 Now, Jesus Christ promised that He would do this in the last days. If He does it, if He promises that and will do it, how many will believe and accept Him, tonight? Raise up your hand, say, "I will accept Him." How many in here then... Thank you. How many in here has never been in one of the meetings before, raise up your hand. My, nearly half the crowd. How many believes, before He does it, you believe anyhow? God bless you.

L-129 Now look. If I have told you the Truth, God is obligated to answer me. He will. He puts His Words in your mouth and They materialize. That's right, It's His Words, It has to do it. "I have sent My Word, It won't return void." [Isaiah 55:11]

L-130 Now, if I could heal, I would do it. Just like the honorable, late, Brother Upshaw that we was talking about. That old man sitting back there in that wheelchair, a gallant old man, I would have healed him if I could. I started to leave the platform, frankly, and I turned around and saw him in a vision, going, walking. Called him, told him what it was, and that was it. He got up and walked, come to the platform, touched his toes, after being a cripple for sixty-six years. See?

L-131 The same night, a colored lady, with her baby, down there on the side. I said, "I see a--a doctor with glasses on, and--and he's operated on a little, colored girl, and it's paralyzed her from her throat."

L-132 An old colored woman, you couldn't hardly hold her off the platform. She said, "Lordy, mercy, that's my baby!" And here she come, a bunch of ushers couldn't even hold her.

L-133 I said, "Annie, it won't do no good to come up here. That isn't... That's God." I said, "It won't do no good to come here. Just believe." And she got down on her knees and started praying. I looked across the audience and I seen an alley, like, going. I seen a little colored girl with a doll in her arms, going down through the alley. And I looked at the little, colored girl, looked back, and it was the same one. I said, "It's answered." Up she got, and away from the cot. See?

L-134 It's God. See? It's God. See? He can't... No one can heal. It's your faith in God.

L-135 Now, the Bible said, that, "He is the High Priest, right now, that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities." Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] A High Priest! Now, if He is the High Priest, how would He act? If He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, He would act the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Hebrews 4:15], [Hebrews 13:8]

L-136 Now you pray, and let the Holy Spirit then... You say to God, "God, this man standing there doesn't know me, but what He says makes sense. You are the same. You are Christ. I am sick. I need. And if You let me either... If I haven't got the faith to do it, let somebody that I know have faith, and let it... You call and let--let--let me or that person touch the hem of Your Garment in Glory. Then if that man is out of the way, then You use his mouth to speak back, and just do it the same way You did when You were on earth. I'll know that You're the same yesterday, today, and forever." Let us bow our heads now.

L-137 Lord Jesus, turning from evangelism to prophetic work, but yet I believe You, Lord, You promised it. And I pray that You will grant it, tonight. Grant it. Hear me. When this audience leaves here, tonight, and we go home, may we say like those who come from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us as He talked to us along the way?" Jesus was raised from the dead; they didn't know it. They were talking to Him; they didn't know it. But when He got them in the house, and closed the door, then He did something the way He did it before His crucifixion. That opened their eyes. They seen it was Him. Again, Lord, may our hearts burn as we go home tonight, as theirs did. For we know that You have spoke to us along the way. Do the things, tonight, that You did when You were on earth, for You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. We ask in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-138 Now be in prayer and just believe. Let's consecrate this side, first. No matter where you're at, in the building, believe God. I wish that everyone would be real reverent and sit quiet, pray.

L-139 This is totally impossible. I was talking this morning, at the ministerial breakfast, "a paradox." A paradox is incredible, "something incredible, but yet true." You know that the Holy Spirit would stand here and speak something 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min in that audience, to people that I don't know, it would have to be a paradox. It's something cannot be explained. I don't know that He will. I'm just hoping that He will, trusting that He will.

L-140 Now just pray, and say, "Lord Jesus, I want to touch Your garment, and I--I have a need. I promise You, Lord, I'll--I'll serve You all my life." God wants you to repent. If you're not repented; repent, say, "I want to repent, Lord. I want You to heal me. I want You to bless me. Heal me now Lord. I am Your servant."

L-141 I was going... Did you give out prayer cards today? I was just going to ask Billy whether... If he doesn't do it, I'd call a prayer line. But they never give out prayer cards today. Just sit reverent, believe.

L-142 Now, in the Name of Jesus Christ, I take every spirit here under my control, for the glory of God, that His Word might be made known, that at the Day of the Judgment we'll have no excuse.

L-143 Now look this way, and believe now. Pray with all your heart, and just pray, and humbly. Don't fight It. Just relax yourself, and say, "Lord, You made the promise. I believe You." That's what I have to do.

L-144 I know there is no need of me asking you. How many ever seen that Light? Let's see. You've seen the picture of It. Let's see your hands, that's ever seen the picture of It. Don't you see It right there? See, it's another dimension. It's right over that lady.

L-145 She is suffering with trouble with her legs and back. She... Do you believe that God can heal you, sister? What did you touch? You don't know me, but you touched Something. If the Lord Jesus will tell me who you are, will that make you believe better? You're Mrs. Phillips. If that's right, stand on your feet. All right. Am I a total stranger to you? Raise up your hand if that's right. I never seen her in my life. What did she touch? Go talk to the woman, afterwards. Pains are all gone now. You're all right. You can go home and be well.

L-146 Here is a lady, right back behind her there. She is suffering from a nervous breakdown. O God, if she don't... Her name is Mrs. Star. Believe, Jesus Christ will make you well. Stand up on your feet and accept your healing. If I'm a stranger to you, wave your hands. Your breakdown is over. Jesus Christ makes you well.

L-147 What did He promise? He promised it. Do you believe? [Congregation says, "Amen"--Ed.]

L-148 There is a lady right behind her, sitting there. She is praying. She is nervous, got complications. She wants to quit smoking. Her name is Mrs. Bordon. Rise up, Mrs. Bordon. Your cigarettes are over. Jesus Christ makes you well. I never seen the women in my life.

L-149 Do you believe? Now you know I can't do that. That's Jesus Christ. What is it? "The Word is quicker, more power, than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." It's the Word, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Can't you believe that? [Hebrews 4:12], [Hebrews 13:8]

L-150 Here, here sits a man sitting over here, with a hernia, heart trouble. That's right. I don't know the man. I've never seen him. But he's a minister. Reverend, Mr. Kinsey. That's right. Do you believe, sir? Stand up on your feet and receive your healing. Jesus Christ makes you well.

L-151 By the way, will you do me a favor, being a minister? Lay your hands upon your wife, she is suffering with a kidney trouble, with liver trouble, with over-weight, with complications. Lay your hands on her. It's going to leave her, if you believe.

L-152 Say, there is a man sitting right behind you, he is shadowed to death. He's got cancer. The man suffers with tumor, cancer, nervousness. His name is Mr. Young. Believe now. Jesus Christ makes you well. Do you believe it? Do you accept it? All right, sir.

L-153 Here lays a man, laying here on this cot. Sir, I don't know you. If I could heal you, I would do it. I'm a stranger to you. You've come all of this way. You've made an effort to come here. You can't hide what's wrong from you; but I can't heal you. You've come here with your wife. That's her sitting there with that peach-colored coat on. That's right. All right. The man is shadowed to death; he can't live but a little while now. He's got cancer.

L-154 You are suffering, also, sister. You believe God can tell me what you're suffering with? It's your back trouble. That's right. If that's right, raise up. All right, you receive your healing. Believe it. Put your hand on your husband. 64-0206E, God's Provided Way For This Day, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 54 min

L-155 Do you believe me to be His prophet, sir? If you lay there, you're sure to die. You can't live. That's all. The doctors has give you up. Cancer has eat you up. I've seen greater cases than you healed. I cannot heal you. But if you'll just accept it and believe it! Do you believe it? It's your only chance. Your last times are passing. Do you believe it? If you do, stand up out of that cot. Raise up out of there, in the Name of Jesus Christ! Stand on your feet and be made whole, and walk out of here, glorifying God. Somebody give him a hand there, help him. There he is, on his feet.

L-156 How many in here believes? [Congregation rejoices and says, "Amen."--Ed.] Raise up your hands. Stand up on your feet. The rest of you that wants to be healed, stand up, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Rise up your hands, praise God. Give Him praise and glory. Now thank the Lord for your healing, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever! [Hebrews 13:8]

L-157 Brother, the doctors has failed. This is God's provided way. Believe it!

L-158 How many wants to accept God's provided way? Raise up your hands and give God praise, every one of you, and believe that you're healed, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ The Patriarch Abraham
