Date: 1964-02-09
Title: Countdown
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Kern County Fairgrounds
Location: Bakersfield, CA
Duration: 71 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 64-0209

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Now, we're about thirty minutes, thirty-five minutes late. I won't speak but just a few moments, 'cause we're going to have a prayer line, calling up all peoples who has their prayer cards, and pray for them. That's our promise.

L-2 But now we're standing in respects of the Word, while I read a portion of Scripture here, and ask God for a context for my text. We are turning to Hebrews, the 11th chapter, if you'd like to follow as we read. Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, and the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtained a good report. Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. [Hebrews 11:1-3]

L-3 Let us pray. Lord, bless Your Word. Sanctify the instrument that it shall be used for. And may the instrumentality be to go together with the Word, to bring forth Life and make this Word live again before us. We ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen. You may be seated.

L-4 Now just give me your undivided attention just for a few moments, about twenty minutes. I have a little text here, I'd like to call it: Countdown.

L-5 You know, with all the things, did you hear what the Scripture said? The things that are, we see, were made of things that was not, because it was the Word of God Who spoke things into existence. The world that we are sitting upon today, the chairs that we're sitting in, the floor that's beneath us, the dirt, the trees, everything, is nothing but the interpretation of the Word of God. When God interprets it, when it happens, that reveals it. "Let there be," and there was. "Let there be," and there was. And to see nature, how it is formed.

L-6 Now, nature has been my Bible. As everyone knows, who I've... been in my audience, when I've spoke, I'm really almost on the illiterate side, and just barely read. I had a seventh-grade education. I had a lot of experience. But, in my preaching, I have to take my inspiration and type it with something in the... in nature, so that you can understand what I'm talking about. I can't use words like a smart, educated man does, because I haven't the education to do it with. So therefore I pick up nature, and type what my inspiration is telling me, with nature. I felt awful lonesome, that, but one time... I read in the Bible is where the prophets of the Old Testament did that.

L-7 And then the greatest of the prophets was John. And we notice, when he was nine years old, he was carried into the wilderness by the Spirit, because he had to introduce the Messiah. His father was a priest. It was, ordinarily, that he--he would have followed the trend of his father. But, his job was too important, to take some ethics of what somebody else thought. He had to get his message from God. So, at the age of thirty he came out of the wilderness, uneducated, but with a burning zeal in his heart, with a revelation from God, and a vision, that he was going to announce the Messiah. He knew it so plainly, until he said, "There is One standing among you, right now, that you don't know." Think of that. "One standing among you, right here, that you don't know. He, His shoes I am not worthy to unloose, but He will baptize with the Holy Ghost and Fire. His fan is in His hand." [Luke 3:16]

L-8 And did you notice his--his manner of speech? Now, he said to the Pharisees when they come out. He knew, being a prophet, he knowed what was in their heart. And he said, "You generation of vipers," meaning snakes. See, they, he knew that that... [Matthew 3:7]

L-9 Now, some other man might have said, "you," something else, you know, used some... a--a good, high grammar, "You insignificant piece of inconvenience," or whatever you might want to call it. That might be wrong; I just picked that up, see. So it might have been some other words that he could have used.

L-10 But, you see, his inspiration, he knowed that a snake was little, and lowdown, and sneaking. So he said, "You 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min generation of snakes, who has warned you to flee from the wrath that's to come? Don't begin to say within yourselves, that, 'We belong to this, or that,' for I say unto you, that God is able of these rocks, stones," what he had seen in the wilderness and on the bank, "to raise up children unto Abraham. Also, the axe is laid at the root of the tree." What he had seen. "Every tree," like in the wilderness, "didn't bring forth fruit," that's what he used for firewood. See, "And laid at the root of the tree! And if it don't bring forth good fruit, it's hewed down and cast into the fire." See, his inspiration followed nature. [Matthew 3:7], [Matthew 23:33], [Luke 3:7]

L-11 And--and if you'd watch nature real close, you won't get too far from the Word, because God is in nature. I think, the last time I was down here on the West Coast, I preached on the four ways of seeing God; God in His Son, God in His Word, God in nature, and so forth.

L-12 Now if we notice everything that God made in nature, being I'm going to speak that way, on natural things typing spiritual things, it... because it was made of things which does not appear. It was the Word. Now we take for instance like...

L-13 A few months ago, I was asked to preach a sermon, a funeral sermon, for a dear old friend of mine. Many of you read my book, and you remember where I... a boy that was... one that belonged to some of the boy scouts, or something, and he... I asked him to save him my... save me his old cow-... or--or scout suit, when he wore it out. Well, he saved me one legging. You remember it, in the book. And I put it on. Lloyd Ford, his mother died recently, about eighty-five years old, very precious friend of mine. And Lloyd, being single yet, and stayed with his mother, he came to me. And he said, "Brother Bill." That's how he knew me. We, I called him Lloyd, he called me Bill. And I said, "What do you want, Brother Lloyd?" He said, "Will you--will you preach mother's funeral?"

L-14 I said, "I'd be glad to do it. It would be like my own mother, though." I said, "She has cooked me so many meals, and things, and been so sweet to me."

L-15 He said, "I want you to say those last words over her, Brother Branham."

L-16 I said, "What would you--what would you want me to say, Lloyd?"

L-17 He said, "One thing I want you to do. Just assure my people, assure us of her resurrection."

L-18 So I took the text from something over in Job, of how that Job was watching nature. And I said, in my...

L-19 Death of my own mother, my own mother that just died about two years ago. My young sister had just been saved, a little while, and she called me up when she knew mother was going. And she said, "Bill, what can I do?" Said, "I just can't stand it no longer, standing there looking upon my mother." I said, "It's the sweetest sight I ever seen." She said, "How can you say that, and, your mother?"

L-20 "Oh," I said, "she is ready to go, and wanting to go. She is old, and she's ready to pass from this life."

L-21 I said to her, "Mother, does Jesus still mean to you... He did the day you got the Holy Ghost?" She would say, "Yes." When, and I'd... When she couldn't do it no more, I said, "Smile."

L-22 When she got so low, she couldn't smile or speak, I said, "Mother, you're dying." She was in my arm. I said, "Mother, if Jesus Christ still means the same to you, and just as sweet, or even sweeter than He was when you received the Holy Ghost. I am your preacher son. I've got to meet the public. Does Jesus mean something to you, while you're dying? If it is, if you can't speak..." And she couldn't speak. I said, "Can't you speak, mother?" She couldn't move. I said, "Bat your eyes, real fast." And she started batting her eyes real fast, and the water running down her checks. When she couldn't even speak no more, but her senses in her sensed the Presence of Jesus Christ. In a few minutes, a Wind come sweeping through the room, and mother went out with it, to meet God.

L-23 Now, this woman when she died, I said, "Is there hopes in the resurrection?" I said, "Everything..."

L-24 I've been privileged of speaking practically to every nation under the heavens. I've seen all kinds of gods and all 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min kinds of religions, but there is none of it true but Christianity. It's the only one. Even nature, itself, it speaks for Christianity, God the Creator!

L-25 Look, there is life, death, burial, resurrection. Resurrection! The whole... You can't go outside without seeing it. Watch the leaves come on in the spring. Watch them get to their youth in their old, in their middle age, and then their old age. And the vein's in the leaves, packing the life. A few minutes, you find out it isn't long, before any frost falls or anything, them leaves drop off. And what happens? The life that's in that tree, that sap, goes down into the roots. If it didn't, the winter cold would kill the tree, kill the life. It can't stay up. It's got to go down and bury itself. But in the spring of the year, here it comes back, with a new leaf again. It's testifying there is a life, a death, a burial, a resurrection. Everything typing. We just can't get from it.

L-26 Watch the sun when it rises of a morning, the sun that lights the skies. It's a little baby, rocked in its mother's arms, when it's weak, not very much life, not very strong. And then about eight o'clock, it starts off to school. At eleven-thirty, she's graduated, and it's out of high school and out of college. Then she is in her strength, from about twelve till about two. Then she begins to get weak, weaker, weaker, weaker, and finally she gets real weak like an old man or woman, goes down. Is that the end of it? She comes back the next morning to testify, "There is a resurrection, and a life beyond death."

L-27 Everything testifying. All nature testifies. The Word testifies to it. The very Spirit Itself that's in our heart, testifies to it. Something within us, calling out, that, "There is a resurrection of the dead." So, you see, to say...

L-28 If everything serves God's purpose, it's got a resurrection. But it can only rise if it serves God's purpose. If a flower lives and is not germitized, it will not rise again. If you plant corn, and it is not germitized, it will not rise again. Anything that doesn't serve God's purpose, has no resurrection. But you can't keep anything in the ground that serves God's purpose. It comes forth again to testify of a resurrection. We know that all these things are right. They are testimonies to us, to encourage us. Each day, everywhere you look, you see God.

L-29 There is a natural body, a people. There is a spiritual Body of people.

L-30 There is a natural bride. I've had the privilege of marrying fine young couples. And I never think of it unless... I kind of turn them around, a little superstitions, and I face with my--my back to the East, and them looking to the East. And as I look at them, I think of their hearts beating as one, Christ and His Bride. There is a natural bride, and being that there is a natural bride, it's only a testimony there is a spiritual Bride. There is a spiritual Bride, because there is a natural bride.

L-31 All these natural happenings, now, they forerun spiritual happenings. Each happening accompanies the other happening, only it improves it. You say, "What's like that?"

L-32 Well, something like a spiritual Life, when it comes into the natural life, it improves the natural life. It, It makes you in a better condition than you was in the natural life.

L-33 When the leaf is getting old and dies, when it comes back with the life again in the resurrection, to testify in another year, it comes back in a better condition than it did when it went down. See, everything testifies of these things.

L-34 Now let's take, for instance, the achievement that man has been able to do on earth. In all of these natural achievements now... I want your undivided attention now. The... All the natural achievements has happened in the earth, has been forerunners of spiritual achievements that God has done by His church. All the natural things are a type of the spiritual things. Now you say, "How is that?"

L-35 Let's take, for one, transportation. First, the transportation was by horse. The next, it was by automobile. Then science built us an airplane. And, but, you see, it is a... First, was one horsepower. The car was maybe twenty horsepower. The airplane goes up to hundreds of horsepower. See what it is? It's just as we come on with the horse, then an automobile was made, then the next thing was an airplane. We just keep achieving on, higher and higher, going greater and greater. This is the achievement of science. This is a forerunner of the spiritual things that's happened, of 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min God, by His Spirit, has been in His promised Word.

L-36 The natural man, by the knowledge, looks backward for his achievement; that's science, see to what God has done in a former creation. They go out and pick up clods, and get pieces of rocks and fossils, and--and elements, and ties them together. See, on that achievement, they are taking what God has done, and perverting it from its original estate, and making his living quarters, and so forth, and his economy a little better, by what has been created. That's in the natural achievement, by man.

L-37 But God, in the spiritual achievement, is going forward, not going backward. He is going forward, looking into the Word, and believing the promises for things that never has come yet, for the spiritual revelations to manifest the spiritual things that God has promised. He sees them come to pass. Just as the scientist in his laboratory are working on different things to help man, taking creation; the spiritual man is looking forward to something that God promised, that has never yet been created. The natural man looks backward. The spiritual man looks forward.

L-38 That's the way, they got--got that in the church. The natural church member looks back to what Finney, Sankey, Knox, Calvin. That was all right, but that was their day. We are looking forward for something else, the promise that's greater and higher, and what God has promised. Science goes back, to pick it up. We go forward, in the Word of the Lord, to find what God has achieved.

L-39 In these two things, one foreruns the other, or types it. Now as science has been able to achieve a more horsepower, as he did by taking the power and making greater instruments, the autos and airplanes; God has achieved from this same manner, as each one of those type. Now watch.

L-40 Way back in the days of Luther, their power was horsepower. And then God, by getting Luther in His hands, controlled, out of a great organization, or a system, He let the man see that "the just shall live by faith." And when he was able to achieve justification, and preach it, the church come to Life. It come to Life and begin to move just a little bit, back under the days of the horsepowers, when horsepower was about ready to fade out, of the carriage, and horse and buggy. Now, he achieved justification, and, through that, then the church received Life by believing on Jesus Christ. Not taking some... You say, "I believe the church. I believe this."

L-41 "To believe Him is Life." Justified by faith! Luther preached it. That was typed by the horse-and-buggy days.

L-42 Then he got a man in England, by the name of John Wesley, under His control, to take out all the isms, away from him. And He was able, by John Wesley, to bring into the church sanctification. Sanctification raised the church to its feet and got it able to walk. Now at the end of Wesley's age was the automobile, we realize that when the... end of the Wesley church, I mean. Not... See, every--every reformer comes at the end of the age. Now we find out that Wesley, in last of his church age, it come in just before the Pentecostals. Why, we see that the church got strength enough, through sanctification, to walk away from the things of the world. Sanctify means "separate for the glory of God." It's too bad it lost that. But it got strength enough. Luther give it light, back in the horse-and-buggy day.

L-43 Wesley got it on its feet, to walking; sanctification, separating from the things of the world. Through that come the little branches off, like the Pilgrim Holiness, and Nazarenes, and whatevermore come from that, through sanctification.

L-44 But, remember, they couldn't stay still. The Pillar of Fire moved out. And they come to Azusa Street, here in California. And then what did It do? It represented the airplane days, from the automobile, when they... God was able, by the Wright brothers, to... or the man was, to achieve an airplane that could fly. Immediately, forerunning that, the Azusa Street pentecost fell, and man took to the air, into the supernatural, to the unknown. He spoke with unknown tongues, he done unknown things that was foreign to the church, because he had took off of the ground, he had left (the air) into the air. What did it? Immediately after the airplanes come on, he took to the air. God showed, by the airplanes, that His church was arising. He shows, by the natural things, what's happening in the spiritual. They always follow. Just like the wise men following the Star, to find Christ, after following It for two years.

L-45 Now notice, all those things are achievements that man has achieved, only are types and shadows of what God is a 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min doing. He always does it that way. He has told us the signs that would be in the skies, the things that would be happening just before the coming of Christ. We see that now. It's only a pointing post. And we see science, how they have achieved, and how God has achieved by His church.

L-46 Does a man ride in an airplane? He don't want no horse and buggy no more, 'less he's just wanting a little fun. But the horse and buggy... Remember, what is the power in the airplane? Just more horses added, that's all.

L-47 And so when John Wesley found sanctification, a set-aside work from justification, he never condemned justification, he only added more power to it. See?

L-48 And when the Pentecostals found the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and the restoration of the gifts, they never denied sanctification or justification, they just got more power and raised up, and went up because he found more power. See?

L-49 All those things foreshadowing, as they come up. If we had time, we could really stay on that, but we haven't. But he raised up. As science achieved something, looking backward; God achieves, going this a way, going forward to the Kingdom.

L-50 Now we find, from Azusa Street, the planes took off in great revivals, and sweep the world, to the unknown, into Heavenly places, speaking unknown tongues, with unknown gifts, to the world. Why, they thought they were fanatics, but they had been able... God got a group of people in His hands. And got a little, cross-eyed Negro man, down here in Azusa Street, that had no more sense than to believe what God said was the Truth. And that's right.

L-51 See, when a science has got to get a lot of sense in a man's head, of wisdom, of knowledge, to go back and find these things; God has got to get what he's got in him, out of him, so He can use him. One going this way, and one going that way. One is going down, and the other is going up.

L-52 Now, she left these intellectual churches grounded, when the Pentecostal took off with speaking in tongues and great gifts of healing. They healed the sick. They done great things. They've done it. There is no doubt but what they've done it. It's a proof, that they done it. Sure it did! And they left this intellectual church sitting on the ground. No matter, they say, "Well, you can't." They did it, anyhow. Whether you...

L-53 Like the little boy in jail, for shooting a gumbo. Somebody come in, said, little boy come in to visit him, said, "Oh, they can't put you in jail for that!" He said, "They can't?" He was already there.

L-54 And that's the way they say, that, "The Holy Ghost was for another age." That's what they think! It's here! We know it. We, and--and it's... We been flying in the air for the last forty, fifty years, with It, seeing things that the intellectual people knows nothing about. Only thing they can do is sit down and say, just make fun of It.

L-55 Like a little calf, one time, come out of a stall, they said, and it was just fat and round. He was kicking up his heels. And he had a very fine farmer that fed him good, and he was all round and full of vitamins. And another old lazy farmer over there that had a little calf, also, born in the barn that winter, when the little fellow hadn't eaten nothing but weeds. And when he come out, he was so poor he couldn't hardly move, and, every time, the wind would blow and shove him sideways. He seen this little old fat calf just kicking up his heels, and having a great time. You know, he looked through the crack in the fence, and said, "S-s-such fanaticism!" He was all full of vitamin, no wonder he could kick up his heels.

L-56 And when a man is filled with the Holy Ghost, there is something in him, that's full of God's spiritual Vitamin, makes him praise God, shout, and act different. Because why? He is no longer earthbound. He is in the Heavens, sailing around, in Heavenly places in Christ Jesus.

L-57 He left them earthbound with their bicycles and automobiles, they've went to the air. Yes, sir. Practically has taken them out of there, out of date. They healed the sick. They spoke in unknown languages, and done many things.

L-58 But now, friends, may I say this. It has come to the age of astronaut. We have moved out of the airplane age. We got more power now. The astronaut age has come in. What is it? Not a... We've come into a spiritual age of astronaut, see, going above. It's not... It's the same Spirit, only more power, only lifted higher, can go higher, see more, believe more, be more like Christ. Not the automobile, not the horse and buggy, not even the airplane, but, the astronaut, he 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min sweeps on and above each one.

L-59 It's called the eagle age, in the Bible. God calls His prophets... Eagle age! We realize, over in the Bible, we find, in Malachi 4, that were promised that in the last days. Now, He likes His prophets to eagles. He calls Himself eagle. He is the great Jehovah eagle.

L-60 He is able to achieve, to Himself, a Bride. He is going to, in the last days, be able to get a Bride, that with a ministry that's so exactly, the... like a man and his wife becomes one. And when Jehovah gets His people like Him, then He lives in His people. They are one.

L-61 It fulfills the Scripture, exactly what He said in Saint John 14:12, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he also." It also fulfill what Jesus said would take place, "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man."

L-62 Now is the astronaut age. And the astronaut sees things that the horse rider, automobile, or airplanes, either, sees. He goes higher. The airplane is still down here bouncing around in the clouds, and having blowouts, and hit-downs, and everything else. But he goes beyond the clouds of creeds and denominations, moves on up into the Heavens, plum away from everything.

L-63 The astronaut age, we are living in the astronaut age. Just as sure as God has testified by the natural happenings there, so is He testifying now that, if we've achieved an astronaut, God has achieved what He promised to achieve in the last days, according to Malachi 4. Only thing He has to do is get somebody in His hands, that can cut loose from the airplanes and automobiles, and whatmore. Not look back to what it was, but more power to lift him higher, lift him into the Presence of God, lift him up there where all things are possible. Now we see it's happening. There is no doubt to it.

L-64 So does the spiritual astronaut, as the natural astronaut goes on above the planes; the planes always wrecking up, and fussing in the clouds, and everything like that. There can be nothing greater, no more achievement, than the astronaut. Only thing he has to do is just keep putting more power, he'll go anywhere he wants to, see, because he's done gone into space. Airplanes are still down, wrecking, fussing, grounded, and everything like that. But the astronaut don't have to be grounded. He goes on above the clouds. He goes on above, on above the creed, on above the denomination, on above those say, "It isn't so, It isn't so!" He has got a guide, the Holy Spirit. The Word tells him so, and he moves on!

L-65 How does a science make an astronaut? He takes what power they got, and just keep breaking something into it, it'll make it go farther, go without air, and so forth. He keeps... I don't know the--the chemicals of it; I'm not a mechanic. But whatever it is, he keeps making it go higher and higher. He keeps improving it all the time, till now he can go beyond any reason. So does God's astronaut, goes beyond all church creed, all boundaries, all these things says, "The days of miracles has passed; there is no such a thing." [John 5:39]

L-66 How did the astronaut find this? He figured it out on paper. It come off of paper, what he had figured out. The same thing, that any man can sit down and read the Word of God and see what's promised. "Search the Scriptures, in Them you think you have Eternal Life," said Jesus, "and They testify of Me." That earthbound bunch they had back there in them days didn't know what He was.

L-67 Ministry, what does it, the astronaut sees things, that the planes and everything is out of date. So does the spiritual astronaut, goes beyond the clouds and beyond creeds, and beyond doubt, out into outer space; outer space, of all unbelief, outer space where he don't hear the chatter saying, "Well, you can't do it. Nobody will cooperate, cooperate with you. You can't do this. You can't do that." He doesn't notice it. He is an astronaut. He goes on beyond those clouds. "It's too stormy. We can't make it." It don't make any difference to an astronaut; he goes beyond the storm. See, that's the way it is to a real astronaut faith today. They say, "Well, the doctor said so-and-so." That might be all right, but an astronaut don't believe that.

L-68 When It's wrote Here, he's got It in his heart. Something tells him, he just propels right on out. That's all. Goes right on out into the space, because we're living in a astronaut age, yes, sir, out in space, "where all things are possible 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min to them that believe." He has a guide, which is His Word, that tells him how to go, the Word of God.

L-69 Natural astronaut is... has something to control him. When the astronaut is in the air, he has something backwards here, back down here on the earth, that controls him. It's called radar. That radar moves him around, shows where he's at, tells what he's doing. And that radar controls him from a radar tower, here on earth. That's the natural astronaut.

L-70 So the spiritual astronaut has a control Power, has a control tower, too. It's not down here, like man is. It's up There. And it's the Holy Ghost that's in him, that's controlling him, a tower of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's under control, keeps him in control by the Word; not in a bunch of fanaticism, some whooped up nonsense; but, THUS SAITH THE LORD, and it happens. It's always under control. He's got a control tower, that's the Holy Ghost. And the Word is His--His program, and he lays right into that program. And the power of the Holy Ghost endows him to move out, and it brings the achievement that God wants to be achieved for His people, that it might fulfill what He promised.

L-71 Jesus did not heal the people because He had to do it. He fulled it, fulfilled the Scripture. He healed because it was written He would do it. He don't have to show these signs today, He don't have to have a ministry of such-and-such, but He promised He would do it. He does it to fulfill His promise.

L-72 Brother, sister, man, women, can't you see that? Can't you see the type of the spiritual and the natural?

L-73 These great achievements has brought the time clock of science, and it broke into such a place until they say now it's only... On the clock of science, they say it's three minutes till midnight. They're at the end. They found the thing that will destroy them. They found everything. An astronaut can get in the air and go over, with atomic powers, and set up there and say, "Surrender or be blowed up." Three minutes until midnight! They have worked on what God has done. They've been able to pervert. Instead of trying to make life, they're always trying to find something to kill somebody, something will outdo the next thing, beat the next nation, beat the next place. That's what they're trying to do.

L-74 But man looks on, calling man his brother, and trying to lead him to a Home where he won't have to die. One is in death, the other one is in Life. But these, in death, only represent Life. The leaf, when it falls off a tree and dies, only means its coming back again, 'cause it has been.

L-75 The clock ticks, upon the achievement of science today, to three minutes till midnight. On God's great clock, it ticks, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." We have arrived! "The works that I do shall you also." "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." When the scientific clock says three minutes to destruction; God's clock says, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." He is on the earth, in the power of the Holy Ghost, to make His Word live and do for His church just exactly what He promised It would do, filling His astronauts, getting them all fueled up and ready.

L-76 So they got in their great big scientific tube, here not long ago, astronaut tube, and are taking the countdown now, headed for the moon. They're getting off of here, too. They've got an astronaut in a big tube, powered by atomic power, that they can send it plum to the moon, they claim. They got in their tube and are waiting for the countdown.

L-77 The spiritual astronaut got in Christ and is listening to the countdown of the Word. Amen. Now you Lutheran ought to shout, and you Baptists and Presbyterian. Watch the countdown, of the Word. Oh, my! Countdown, of the Word! And they're headed for Heaven, not to the moon. They'll pass the moon so fast they won't even see it. Oh, my! Waiting for the countdown! Yes, sir. Waiting for the countdown is right.

L-78 What are they doing? They are wrapped in Christ, in rapturing grace. Nothing they did, themselves. Christ took the uneducated, the foolish things of the world, wrapped His astronauts in it, and empowered them with the Holy Ghost, to take off. This world is going to be left alone. That's right, taking off!

L-79 Notice, the natural man even counts backwards. I said he did things backwards. He counts backwards. Watch his count, "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero!" See, he goes back, and starts counting. See? He's all... Ten is a bad number. That's right. To start with ten, it's a bad number.

L-80 They had ten tribes of Israel, and them was just all carnal. And He had to take Joseph's two sons, Ephraim and 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min Manasseh, the prophet's children, and bless them. And, when he did, his hands crossed. And he said, "Father, not so, you've put your hands on Ephraim, it should be on Manasseh."

L-81 He said, "God crossed my hands." From the... Taking it from the older son, the law, and putting it up over on Christ. And through that, come, through the cross came the change of the birthright, amen, to the younger son. Oh, my! How wonderful! If we had time to go into that; will some other time. All right.

L-82 Now, ten is a bad number. But man always counts backwards, starts at ten. "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero."

L-83 What does God do? He starts with His number, seven. That's God's number. Watch Him, seven. Oh, He counts ahead, starting with one. He starts with His first church age. That's what His symbols was on earth. There is seven church ages. He made the world in seven days; seventh day He rested. That's His last number in His creation. He rested.

L-84 Notice, He counts straight ahead, not backwards. He goes forward. He starts from His first church age, which begin at A.D. 33, and He started the countdown. He counted His church ages. That was the birth of the Church, on the Day of Pentecost. What did... He starts counting. He starts counting the church ages. "First one, was Ephesus, number one; two, Smyrna; three, Pergamos; four, Thyatira; five, Sardis; six, Philadelphia; seven, Laodicea." It's later than you think. It's later than you think. The counting is over. The next thing is "zero," let's go. Everything is ready. The counting is over.

L-85 When John Glenn, our astronaut, got into that big tube, to take off, the nation stood speechless. They didn't know, that morning that he took off. When he did, he got in the tube, and everybody was crying, and waiting, and watching what was going to happen. The nation stood spellbound. You seen the... All the televisions blaring, and everything, so everybody could see it. There natural eye couldn't see it, because they put it on television. You remember it.

L-86 Then when he got placed up in the tube just right, and when he did, they started, "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero," off he went. What happened? When the big lever pull, the atomics begin to catch fire, begin to break, fire begin to fly, smoke begin to roll, and the great big tube took off for the air, into the unknown, out yonder somewhere. He took off in the man's achievement, the greatest he's ever had. But let me tell you, that's just a very small thing.

L-87 One of these mornings, God's achievement, of His astronauts that's climbed into Jesus Christ, been born in there by the Holy Ghost, filled with His power! One of these mornings, the whole universe will be screaming, and wailing and gnashing of teeth, when they see they've missed it. When the great Eagle, powered by the Holy Ghost and Fire, begins to spread Her wings, the astronauts will take off into the sky, to go to meet the Bridegroom; when the Bride takes off, in the astronaut power of God Almighty Who sent Jesus Christ to the earth, in the form of the Holy Ghost, has brought the Church through these achievements!

L-88 Until, now She is getting resurrected Power in her, to fly beyond the things of the world, seeing Him in out here in the Church, making Himself the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yes, sir. The countdown is even over. Every church age has done passed. We're ending on the Laodicea.

L-89 Get in, my brother, sister. Get pressurized. The pressure won't hurt you when you get on the inside and get pressurized. Get in Christ, and you won't care what the world says. They can't never hit you, anyhow. You're safe. You're tucked in.

L-90 Jesus Christ is our great, glorious Astronaut tube that we'll be in, that will be propelled by the Holy Ghost and power and Fire, when she begins to fly out one of these mornings. The Holy Ghost Fire hit the earth like that, and, when they do, the Church will be lifted up. And all the nations will stand, they won't need television, they'll see Him. Every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess, as She propels Her way in yonder, into the glorious realms of--of Heaven, to be married to Her Bridegroom. God help us to live for that day! Let us bow our heads.

L-91 Are you driving a horse and buggy today, are you riding a bicycle, are you... an automobile, or have you got up into the clouds with a plane? If you have, I've got something to tell you. There is an astronaut age on now. Why don't 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min you come get into the Astronaut? Oh, I know it sounds scary. The first man that ever got in an airplane, liked to scared him to death; first one that had an automobile, you know what it done; but now it's a common thing. Oh, brother, sister. Jesus Christ is here, the great Astronaut tube that we're to be in. Cloud over us, won't mean one thing; He'll break every cloud of doubt, everything of unbelief, and sweep out yonder into the space.

L-92 If you haven't got into Him, yet, you have an opportunity this afternoon. Would you raise your hands, and say, "Pray for me, Brother Branham, that I can walk into that place where I can see every Word that God promised, I can see and feel the--the pulsating Power of God within me, that I know that my... this world and things has gone from me"? God bless. Just look at the hands. My, oh, my! All, everywhere.

L-93 Our Heavenly Father, You see their hands. I'm only responsible for preaching the Word. You, they are Yours. I give them to You. They are Yours. Let the Holy Spirit now...

L-94 And may they see that, these achievements. They see it in the natural; then if we look back, we see it in the spiritual. You're here, Lord. You promised, just before the end time come, that as it was in the days of Sodom and Gomorrah. And we would look back and see those days, look there and see where two ministers, outstanding, angelic, anointed man, went down in Sodom and preached in the days of Abraham, calling out Lot. Then there was One stayed with Abraham, and that was the One Who done a sign to Abraham. The others, in Sodom, did their sign.

L-95 And, Father, so many things could be said right here, maybe the church wouldn't understand. But I pray that You'll give them such a crave for It, Lord, that they'll come and see we're at the end time, the astronaut age. I pray, Father, that they'll realize it isn't trying to condemn what they had, it's only trying to give them more, rapturing grace, for the hour will come when we'll have to have rapture Power; not only to heal the body, but to change it in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Christ will be so real into their bodies till He can change it, by His great death and what He purchased. May they take this, today, that Token that I spoke of last night, hold It before them and walk into this Astronaut (grant it, Father), where visions, powers, and worlds beyond, known, and, O God, where all the great mysteries of God is unfolded in those Seven Seals and made known to man. Grant it, Father.

L-96 They're Yours now. I realize that altar calls is what we do, but, Lord, You said, "As many as believed." I pray that You will give them faith, to believe. They're in Your hands, Lord. And if I never see, and they never see me no more, until we meet at Your side, we'll know then as we're known. I pray that You'll help them. And may we all be There, safely, carried through by amazing grace of our great astronaut faith that we have in Jesus Christ, where we're in-housed with Him. Amen.

L-97 Now, just one moment, we're going to pray for the sick. God, we promised to do it. We want to do it. And now I want to say this, that through the week... Now we're just about fifteen, twenty minutes now. I cut a little bit off, so I got about fifteen, twenty minutes yet, till we can do this.

L-98 Now, the first thing is, these things that we're talking about, are they so, are they not? We know the Bible promised it, but is He here? God is here to do what we... what He promised that He would do. God is here. See, we've gone beyond speaking with tongues. That's--that's all right, see. We've gone beyond these little things. And, see, we're into a place now where we've got to have astronaut faith, that's astronaut power to realize that we're in Christ already, just more of Christ, see, to lift us up into Heavenly places.

L-99 The old method of praying, laying hands on the sick, that's good. That was Luther's days, friend, back in the automobile, or so forth. We're beyond that now.

L-100 Remember, Jesus come to the Jews, the old days, Jairus said, Jairus said, "Come and lay Your hands upon my daughter, and she'll live." But the Roman said, "I'm not worthy that You come, just speak the Word." See? To rec-... He recognized the power of Christ, that He was over all things. [Mark 5:23], [Matthew 8:8]

L-101 Now, if Christ is over all things, He's--He's got to keep His Word. He is King. He is God. He must keep His Word, "The works that I do, shall you also." Now, as far as healing somebody, nobody can do it, because it's already done. It's already done. It's just the recognition of it, see, the recognition that He is in our presence. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now pray for a few minutes, say, "God, be merciful." [John 14:12] 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min

L-102 Heavenly Father, that the people might know; there might be strangers here, that they might know that this that I speak of is true. I--I'm just in my poor, humble way, Lord, I try to present the Gospel the best that I know how. Lord, may the people overlook my grammar and just realize what I'm trying to say. I pray that You will confirm this and making it real, for the glory of God, in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-103 Now, friends, there is probably two or three hundred prayer cards here. It would be hard for me to ever take them up here, one by one. Or, after you got about four or five of that discernment, I'd be laying on the floor, perhaps, maybe, or so weak I wouldn't even know. A vision, when you see a vision, it's got to be interpreted, too, you know. Many times it just isn't just exactly, it's just got...

L-104 Now you do that, yourself, your own faith is the one. The woman's faith touched the Lord Jesus, and she believed that He was--He was God's Son. And it drawed the power from Him, to her, give her desires, and He turned around and told her her condition had been healed.

L-105 See, "Thy faith has saved thee." Now there is scholars sitting here, I know. That word is "sozo." "Thy word has saved thee." "Thy faith has saved thee." Just like your faith saves you from sin, your faith saves you physically, see, from sickness. Now you must believe it. [Luke 8:46-48]

L-106 Now I'm asking all to be real quiet and real reverent, for a few minutes. And may the Holy Spirit now, just at least two or three people in this audience is all I ask for, that you might see that it just isn't spontaneous and whatevermore. The Holy Spirit is here to manifest Hisself.

L-107 Now somebody in the audience. Now, I don't know one person, outside of my beloved Sister Upshaw sitting here, that I can see in the audience at this time, that I know. She is the only one. And now I can't...

L-108 It's just like your conscious. See, your subconscious is where you dream.

L-109 I had a physical examination, here a couple, three years ago, by time wave, brain wave, you know. And the doctors come out they said, "Hey, you're a funny guy." I said, "What's the matter?"

L-110 Said, "You know what?" Said, "You could dream when you was wide awake." I said, "What?" Said, "You can dream when you're wide awake." I said...

L-111 Said, "Here is your first conscious," said, "it's controlled by your seven, or your six senses; see, taste, feel, smell, and smell. Your first conscious is only active as long as you're in the six senses." Said, "Here is your subconscious." Said, "When these are inactive, then you go to your subconscious. When these are inactive, you're asleep, and you go over here and dream a dream, some part of you goes over there. Then when you come back over here," said, "then you remember what you dreamed when you was out of your senses of feel, taste, see, smell, and hear." See? And said, "That's the ordinary."

L-112 Said, "We never seen it before. But both of yours are laying right here together," said, "both of your timing waves, from subconscious and your other conscious. They never heard of it before, in my life." Said, "Man, you could dream a dream, standing up and wide awake." I said, "Doctor, did you ever hear of a vision?" He said, "No, I don't believe I ever did." I said, "Are you a believer?"

L-113 He said, "I am Presbyterian, Brother Branham, but," said, "that's all." Said, "The pastor has got some people down there, every Thursday night," said, "all I hear is 'Presbyterian, Presbyterian, Presbyterian.'" Said, "I don't even go down." I said, "Did you ever read in the Bible?" He said, "I have."

L-114 "Did you ever hear what the old prophets, of the Old Testament, went off in another dimension and that?" 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min He said, "Is that what you're talking about?" I said, "That's it." And I said...

L-115 He said, "Well, that would be wonderful. Say, Brother Branham, you ought to go..."

L-116 I said, "I already been interviewed by Mayo's, see." And I said he... I said, "But, look, do you ever dream a dream, doctor?" He said, "Oh, sure."

L-117 I said, "Dream me a dream, then. Just go to sleep and dream me a dream, tell me what to do. You couldn't do it. But ever who controls you, could give you a dream, of me, and then you could wake up and tell it."

L-118 I can't do it, either. I can't say what, in here. It's got to be Him that does it. And your faith, in Him, confirms this Word. Just, that woman, no matter what anybody said, she believed if she could touch His garment, it would be, it would happen. Now, He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now that's the only thing it is.

L-119 You see, when you see impersonations, and so forth, friend, it kind of makes you a little upset. But just go on, anyhow. It'll--it'll be all right, see. Now, look, you've got to be born for that. You are born, and all natural gifts come to you. "Gifts and callings are even without repentance." Like a man... Like I was talking to Paul Cain, a while ago, about... Like Ernie Ford, and Red Foley, and Elvis Presley, those fellows with them big talents of singing, and using it for the world. God gave them them talents, and see what they're doing with it?

L-120 It's like Judas Iscariot getting thirty pieces of silver out of it, to the One Who gave it to them. They ought to be using it for the Kingdom of God. And when you mix it, I think they shouldn't be allowed to sing a hymn; that belongs in the church and with the people, not out there to make more hypocrisy. Go into South Africa, and they was so, "Why, Elvis Presley is a very religious boy, he sings hymns." Oh! That doesn't mean nothing. To me, it's another Judas. And all them people that takes them gifts of God and perverts them. [Matthew 26:14-15]

L-121 Even to a minister that will take it and pervert it to a creed, instead of the Word of God, and use his influence to influence by a creed and not the Word of God, it's a secondarily Judas. I don't...

L-122 I oughtn't to have said that. You, if I hurt you, forgive me. I--I'm not supposed to say them things here. All right. Here is one thing, I can say what He tells me. You pray.

L-123 Now, Lord, one Word from You will mean more than I could say in a lifetime. I'm believing. You promised it. I'm Yours. Let them see that Your Spirit is here, then when they come up to this prayer line, to be prayed for, they'll understand, Lord. "A prayer of faith shall save the sick." I pray that they'll see that it isn't Your servant. It's You. I ask in Jesus' Name. Amen. [James 5:15]

L-124 Just sit quiet, just a moment. I can't make this. You say, "Brother Branham, what?" I can't tell you. I only can as He shows me.

L-125 Jesus said, "I do nothing till the Father shows Me, first. What I see the Father doing, that doeth the Son likewise." [James 5:19]

L-126 Here, if you got your heads up, looky here. See, sitting right here at the end of the row, that little lady? She is suffering with a female trouble, a lady's trouble. That's right, young lady. That's right, drainage and everything. Is that right, raise up your hand? You're a total stranger. It's a little lady, there is the Light right over sister, right at the end of the row there. It's a little lady, a young woman with hair... I see her at the bath. If you will believe right now! Now, you know something happened right then. Just all at once, Something just went through you. Wasn't it? That was your healing. See, that's just when it relieved and took away. Your faith saved you.

L-127 Isn't that the same thing our Lord did? Thy... She had a blood issue, that woman. She touched His garment, and turned around. He felt it. He looked. He said, "It's your blood issue," she felt stopped. There is exactly the same thing Jesus Christ did. What is it? It's Him. Oh, I--I know you seen everything, but I'm--I'm only responsible for this. God is only responsible to His Word.

L-128 Here, that you might know. Sitting right behind her is a lady sitting there with epilepsy, has epilepsy spells. If you 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min believe, God will take the epilepsy away from you, lady. He'll do it if you'll believe it. Have faith. Don't doubt.

L-129 See what I mean? Now somebody over in this section over here, somewhere right in here, so that you'll see. See, what it is, you are looking...

L-130 Let me say this one thing before I go now, to kind of rest myself.

L-131 See, that, that gets you. That takes more strength than what I preached. Certainly. See, that's you using God's gift. If God had give the gift au-... or give the--the vision automatically... Like Jesus saw Lazarus die, and went away from home and waited; and then told them what would happen, and went back and did it, He never said He got weak. But that one little woman, that was the woman using God's gift. It's you. God's gift, when He operates it, it doesn't do it. But when you operate it; that's when God's got you in His hands, and say, "This will be this way, here and here and here. This is the way it'll be." That's the way it is; it don't bother you. But when them persons reach in and pull that, that's what does it. That's what does it. [John 11:1-15, 20-27, 33-45]

L-132 The people today, the Laodicea Church Age, the last countdown. Did you see, the other night, just before the pope of Rome made his first visit, in all history, to Jerusalem? There never has been a pope in Jerusalem, sent, before. See, he went from Rome to Jerusalem. The church, the moon represents the church, reflecting the light of the sun, in its absence. God does the signs in the heavens before He declares it on earth. Did you notice the moon went to a complete blackout? Jerusalem is the oldest church in the world. See? And when this Ecumenical Council and these things that...

L-133 Man, I hope, if you're here, that this really goes through you. When you are joining yourself, don't you know you're taking the mark of the beast, my friend? "Oh," you say, "if I see it happening!" It's too late then. You've done done it. See? It's too late at that time. Remember, they come to buy Oil, but there was... couldn't do it.

L-134 Did you notice what happened, what made that moon black out? The world got in the way of it. So has the world got in the Light of the Scripture, amongst the Presbyterian, Methodists, Baptists, Pentecostals, and all of us. That's what the blackout is for.

L-135 And did you notice the Laodicea Church Age, also, was the only church age that Jesus was on the outside, trying to get in? Did you notice He never said "let them alone"? Jesus is the Word (is that right), the manifested Word. Now He... Now listen. He was not, see, walk away and left them, but He was trying to get some cooperation somewhere. "He that will open the door, I'll come in with Him, sup with Him, and he with Me." But, no door, see; just trying to get in, on the outside. They don't reject man. They reject God. [Revelation 3:20]

L-136 Do you believe that, little lady sitting there with the sunglasses on? Yes. You believe that? Had some deep thoughts right then. Your eyes will be healed if you'll believe it.

L-137 Now let me tell you. Someone says, "She's got glasses on, the reason he knew it." No.

L-138 Look here. Come here; not come here, just look at me just a minute. Do you believe me to be His prophet, or His servant? Do you believe it? You do it. You should have, with them thoughts you were having then, thinking of how mysterious, "What a great revelation that was, of the moon, and representing that." Is that right? Is that right, raise up your hand.

L-139 Now how could I know what she was even thinking in her heart? "The Word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts that's in the heart." [Hebrews 4:12]

L-140 Now pray for somebody, or do something. Here, here is what pops in your heart right now. Here, here is what's in your heart. You've got two brothers that you're praying for, and they're both alcoholics. If that's right, raise up your hands. All right.

L-141 All right, see, there you are. See? See there? See? "It's sharper than a two-edged sword, a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Don't you see it, friends? We've passed speaking in tongues. We're an astronaut age.

L-142 Here, here is a man right in front of her, with his head bowed. He's got thin hair, wearing a white coat, got glasses on. He's got a spiritual problem that he's... John Thom-...

L-143 Oh, wait a minute, I know that man. Wait a minute. I'm sorry. I--I know the man. That's right. I believe I--I've 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min met him once, somewhere. I can't think of it. I believe it was in Tucson, here not long ago, I shook their hands at a... And--and that's right.

L-144 But you was calling God right there. You got a great spiritual problem that you don't know how to control. Look, Mr. Thomas, don't worry, it's going to come all right. Now that you might know that this... You said, "Well, he--he knew the man." Well, that's his wife sitting by him. I didn't know that was Mr. Thomas' problem. He, he'll witness that. But his wife sitting next to (her) him there, has an ear trouble that she is suffering with. Is that right? That's right. All right.

L-145 Here, take the next lady, the next lady to her. Look this a way, lady. Do you believe me to be His servant? The little lady with the red coat on, do you believe me to be His servant? You suffer with a trouble, too. You have headaches all the time. Do you believe God will heal them? If you do, raise up your head, hands, and say, "I believe it." All right. That's all right. See? All right, if you believe it!

L-146 Here, the little lady with the blue coat on, sitting next to her. Do you believe, sister? Do you believe God can heal heart trouble and make you well? You do? All right, you can have it.

L-147 The lady sitting next to her, the olderly lady, grayheaded. Do you believe God can heal, too, high blood pressure, and make you well? All right, you can have your healing. See?

L-148 The lady sitting next to her, you have trouble with your ears, also. You believe God heals ear trouble? Then you can have your healing.

L-149 The lady sitting next to her. Do you believe, lady, with all your heart, that God heals? Got something you're praying about. Do you believe with all your heart that God heals? All right, if you believe that with all your heart, your stomach trouble can be well. You can go home, eat your dinner and be well.

L-150 Mister, you sitting next to--to her. Do you believe that--that God can heal you, also, and make you well? Would you accept it? How many, the rest of you, will believe it with all your heart? Sure, you will. [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-151 Stomach trouble, heart trouble, God heals it all, makes it well. That's right. If you...

L-152 The man sitting next to her, has got back trouble. Do you believe God heals back trouble, sir? You do?

L-153 The lady sitting next to you has back trouble, also. You believe God heals back trouble, lady? All right, you can have yours. That's right. Oh, only thing you have to do...

L-154 The lady sitting next to that has colon trouble. That's right. Do you believe God will heal your colon trouble, lady? You do?

L-155 Here, on down the line, look. There is a brain injury sitting there. Do you believe God heals brain injury? You do? You can have it.

L-156 The one sitting next to you has epileptic fits. Do you believe God heals epilepsy?

L-157 One sitting next to you has... he has eye trouble. Do you believe God heals eye trouble, sir?

L-158 The one sitting next to that, that little boy, he also has epilepsy. Do you believe God heals the epilepsy?

L-159 His loved one sitting there with him has trouble with her head. Do you believe that God will heal your head trouble, lady? All right, you can have it.

L-160 Amen! What is it? The Word of God for this day is sharper than a two-edged sword, Jesus Christ in astronaut power! Do you believe it? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-161 What was our first prayer cards? [Someone says, "A's."--Ed.] A's. All the people that's got prayer card A, stand up over this a way. Now come quickly, prayer card A, while the anointing is moving the way It is. Prayer card... [Blank.spot.on.tape]

L-162 Right down here, so I can get down and pray for them down here. I believe it would be better. Come... [Someone says, "You want the mike? You want the neck mike?"--Ed.] 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min

L-163 Go down this way, friends, down this way so we can make a line. All prayer card A, stand first, they've been holding their cards longer. Let everybody that's got a prayer card A, stand up over here. Billy, you go down and see if they're in line.

L-164 Now prayer card B, let them follow them. All that's got prayer card B, follow A's. Go, go around through the other aisle there, if you can, and make your line come around that way; A, B.

L-165 If you'll only believe! Just astronaut once, get away from the automobile and airplane. Let's go on in till all things are possible.

L-166 A, B, now anybody got prayer card C, join right in behind them. Prayer card C, go back at the back here, go through this a way, the middle aisle, and go across and form your line there. Prayer card A, B, C. [Somebody says, "Might be some left. There might be some more. Just call all the cards."--Ed.]

L-167 Back this a way now. That's right, form your line right through that way, that way. Turn right in this a way, so we can be sure to get in the line. Prayer card A, B, C, let them line first.

L-168 Just hold your card in your hand, I'll have some ushers to take your cards. I don't know how we're ever going to get them lined up according to numbers. I guess it'll be all right, anyhow. [Somebody says, "It's all right, Brother Branham."--Ed.] Just let them.

L-169 A, B, C, now D. A, B, C, D, prayer card D. A, B, C, D. Is there any D's? I guess I done run out. Prayer card A, B, C, D. All right. Anybody that's got prayer cards now, line up. Everybody with prayer cards, get in your sections and line up. There is no way for us, at all, to ever be able to do, to keep them all perfectly in line by numbers.

L-170 Now I want to know how many in here is going to be praying with me while you're... while we are praying for these sick. Listen, do you...

L-171 Now, look, if you're going to come through over here to be prayed for, just say, "Well, I'll go over see how it happens," you just might as well get your seat. It isn't going to happen. See?

L-172 Now He cannot do one more thing, and will never do one more sign before the people. That's according to the Bible. I want somebody to tell me one more sign that He promised to do besides what He has done right here. "As it was in the days of Sodom," and Malachi 4, and them promises that He made, all hoods right into the same thing. There'll not be anymore sign given to the church. The next thing you'll see will be a flight into Heaven. They'll be taken up. [Malachi 4:1-6], [Luke 17:28-29]

L-173 Don't, don't miss it, friend. Remember, listen at my Voice. It'll haunt you all your life, if you haven't got in. Out yonder, when you're suffering for your punishment, and where weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth, that Voice will scream back and forth, you hear It all the time in that weary, spooky place of hell. Don't fail. Now is your opportunity.

L-174 Now, oh, there is just so many! I wonder if I could get... Would it be all right, you brothers to pray with me, to help me pray for them? [A brother says, "Yes."--Ed.] Now, is these ministers, over here? ["Yes."] I--I wouldn't leave this place...

L-175 Now, look, I've said some pretty rough things about airplane, automobile. Remember, they are horsepower, too. All of it is horsepower. The church is just moving up, Holy Ghost power. It is the Holy Ghost that we're justified by. You ministers know that, don't you? The Holy Ghost sanctifies us. The Holy Ghost fills us. The Holy Ghost gives us rapturing faith, see, as we move up.

L-176 Now, I wouldn't leave this country here, and you all thinking that your... that, "Oh, Brother Branham is something!" I am not. I ain't even worthy to sit with them pastors. I--I have no schooling. I, I'm one out of season. And that's the reason God just lets me do this little thing here, just to confirm what your pastor has been teaching you. They are man of God.

L-177 Listen, if you're sick, you don't have to wait for Brother Oral Roberts, or Brother Paul Cain, or me, or anybody. Your godly pastor, his holy sanctified hands upon you, you know you called him to pray for you. He lays his hands 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min upon you when you're burning with a fever; first thing you know, in a few days you haven't got that fever, and you're well. What is it? It's your pastor's faith, with yours. Yes, sir. He's not a side-line man. He is God's servant, right up in the front line, with a two-edged Sword in his hand. Certainly. He sure is.

L-178 I'm going to ask these pastors to come here, stand with me while we pray. Will you do that, all of you? Come right here and just... I'm going to get right down with you, and let's make a double line right here. Now when the people are healed, they can't say, "See..." I want your hands, pastor; you, my brethren. And now we're... you're... If you'll just...

L-179 If you come, saying, "Well, I'll try. I'll..." No, don't do it. Don't, don't take somebody else's place. See? You come, knowing that you're going to get what you've ask for.

L-180 Just look at here, what a bunch of ministers! Oh, my! I've met most of these man. I know them. I know them, by meeting them at breakfasts, and--and so forth. They're godly people. They're God's servants.

L-181 Now look at here. On the Day of Pentecost, the Holy Ghost separated Itself, and tongues of Fire set upon each one. The great Pillar of Fire separated, and each one received a portion of that Holy Spirit, upon them, like tongues of Fire. Well, if you put one tongue of Fire, and two tongues of Fire, together, you got twice the strength that you had in one. Remember, wasn't it Ezekiel, in his vision of the two sticks in the hand, you see? [Acts 2:1-4]

L-182 Now look at here, look here what you got, all these man of God! Besides that, how many in the audience out there is going to be praying, raise your hand? Looky here! Now, you people in the prayer line, look at this. Look out here what's going to be praying for you, hundreds of people.

L-183 Now the Holy Spirit is here right now, Jesus Christ, proving Himself, He's here. He can't do no more than that. Now how many in the prayer line believes it, raise your hands? Now let's all.

L-184 Now I'm going to have Brother Borders, or somebody, the song leader. Who is the song leader? You got the mike there? All right. I'm going to have some of them to come here and sing that song, Only Believe. "All things are possible, only believe."

L-185 Then as they sing this song, I want every person to be in prayer. Don't--don't, 'less something outstanding happens, don't even look up.

L-186 Now you've got to be sincere. It's between death and life, to some of these people. They're right there with cancer, and tumor, and TB, and everything, dying. What if that was your mother? It's somebody's, remember. Now be real reverent. And when they come by and we lay hands upon them... I'm coming right down with these man. And as they, we, lay hands upon those people, you pray that they'll be healed.

L-187 And now you in the prayer line. Now let me, I can only tell you. Now, back there, and all that'll be in the prayer line. When you come through, do this now, if you're going--if you're going to believe me. Look, when you come through this line, and when the... You walk in that line, just remember, like you're walking under the shadows of the Cross. You're doing... These men are doing exactly what Jesus said for them to do. "They shall lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." I'm coming down, as I said at the beginning, spreading my net with them, that we might do everything we can to help you people. Will you believe? [Mark 16:18]

L-188 Now let's pray, first, 'cause It said... You know, Peter went and prayed in a side of the room where Dorcas was, dead, and then went over and laid his hands upon her. After he prayed, he got up and went over and laid hands on her. Elijah walked up-and-down the floor, until the Spirit come on him, then he went and laid his body on the dead baby. You remember that? Now we're going to pray, and then lay hands on you as you pass through the line. And you come through here and, as soon as those hands touch you, raise up and accept your faith, and go on off, praising God. Be an astronaut now as you come through, just fly away from all the unbelief. [Acts 9:36-42], [I Kings 17:17-24]

L-189 Our Heavenly Father, this comes to the climax and the crucial moment, the greatest thing can happen, to the sick people, is right now. Where, a mass here of hundreds of people will be passing through a prayer line of ministers that You have called from all walks of life, and they've give their life to You, in honor of the Word of God and their calling. 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min

L-190 Here in this box is handkerchiefs, going to the sick and afflicted. Lord Jesus, let each of them recover, as we send them in the Name of Jesus Christ.

L-191 And as these sick people come through this line, may every one of them, Lord, have faith now. May they make up in their mind, and say, "I've been playing around. I'm not going to play anymore. If I'm going to believe, I'm going to believe right now. I've seen the living Word of God made manifest. I know, in this room, Jesus Christ is somewhere. Surely the one that He manifests Himself through will not tell us wrong, for You said, 'If there be one who is spiritual, or a prophet, and what he says comes to pass, then hear him.'"

L-192 Lord God, may that be in the people's mind, that I'm trying to tell them that You are not dead, that You're living right here now, and You--Your anointing is upon Your Church and Your people. Let them be healed as they pass through. I pray this prayer in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen.

L-193 Now let's keep in prayer, while Brother Borders or ever who is going to lead the singing. Keep your heads bowed, and I'm coming down now to stand at the line here and pray with these people.

L-194 [Brother Branham and the ministers now pray for everyone in the prayer line, while the congregation prays, and sings, "Only Believe." Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Lord, I believe, For all things are possible, O Lord, I believe; O Lord, I believe, (let's raise your hands as we sing it), O Lord, I believe, All things are possible, O Lord, I believe.

L-195 You know, I don't believe I ever went through a prayer line in my life, that I ever witnessed any more faith than I did in that line. Really the finest prayer line I believe I ever had in the United States, in my life, to see a line going through like that. I am just as sure as my name is William Branham, and I'm a standing here at this platform, you pastors will hear about your people that's went through line. It was really a grand faith, some of the best I ever knowed in my life, according to the only way I have to witness it, by the anointing of the Holy Spirit. It was really marvelous. Thank you, people.

L-196 Now all that believes you're healed, say, "Amen." [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] There, listen at that! God bless you.

L-197 God be with you till I meet you again. If the Lord willing, I'll be up here at this Tulare. Is that what's the name of that? Tulare, Tulare up here, this next week.

L-198 Now let's all stand to our feet, just a moment, while we are dismissed in a regular procedure. And then they're going to give out the prayer cloths here, and so forth. God bless you.

L-199 And God bless you ministering brothers. That's what makes it so real, when you brothers, there was Paul Cain and all these pastors, and all standing along here, a great support in faith.

L-200 I've really enjoyed this meeting, immensely. I consider it one of the red-light meetings I ever had in the United States. I've had ones that's bigger.

L-201 God bless you, sister. [Sister Upshaw says, "I just wanted to shake hands with you. Oh, hallelujah!" Senator William D. Upshaw was instantly healed during Brother Branham's discernment service in Los Angeles on February 8, 1951, after being a cripple for sixty-six years--Ed.]

L-202 God bless you, Sister Upshaw. There isn't a week goes by that I don't think of you and--and Brother Bill. I'll meet you on that shore There, sister, where all the old things are passed away. We'll be There that day. Amen.

L-203 Now let us bow our heads while we ask the pastor here, one to come and dismiss us in prayer, officially. Let us bow our heads. Brother, the Lord bless you. Courtesy of 64-0209, Countdown, Kern County Fairgrounds, Bakersfield, CA, 71 min Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ When Their Eyes Were Opened, They Knew Him
