Date: 1964-12-12
Title: The Harvest Time
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Ramada Inn
Location: Phoenix
Duration: AZ, 150 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 64-1212

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Thank you, Brother Williams. Good morning, friends. It's a privilege to be here this morning. And to have an introductory like this, it still makes me feel smaller. And I'm... was very grateful for this opportunity to come, this morning, to Phoenix.

L-2 I remember when I first come to Phoenix, I was about seventeen years old. It certainly has growed since that time. Out this morning where we come into Phoenix, we could hardly tell when we left Tucson and got to Phoenix. It's almost tied together, so many places has sprang up. Places where we used to go out here and even run burros on the desert, and now there is motels and ten-cent stores, and so forth. And, course, that makes me getting old.

L-3 And then I sit down here by the side of my good brother here, Brother Valdez, and I--I said, "Well, brother..." We was talking, and I said, "Well, course, I'm getting old." I said, "I realize that, my miles are building up." I said, "Wait till you get my age," or something like that. I was--I was surprised to know that he was about twelve years older than me. So, I, then I felt lots better then. I said, "Brother Valdez, I want you... How long you been preaching the Gospel?" He said, "Fifty years."

L-4 Well, I was a very small child when he was preaching. So I said, "I wish you would just take the service this morning, Brother Valdez." I said, "I--I'm a young man," I said, "I hate to kind of set up here and try to speak," I said, "my elders."

L-5 And he just laughed, said, "What do you think I drove down here for?"

L-6 So I'm very grateful for Brother Valdez. He was telling me about having a rest home out here. That's--that's really nice. I appreciate that. Invited me out to come and visit with them sometime. And it's out here by New River. I don't know whether any of you know where it's at, or not. I'm sure, if a Valdez is behind it, it's all right.

L-7 So then, every time I come to a convention, I usually meet somebody that's--that's been healed in the services or something. And when I was standing here at the table this morning, a precious sister sitting over here, the name of Erb, she comes here from Michigan. Her son is the announcer here on this Christian station. And she was telling me about being in the meeting way back in Flint, Michigan. She got a prayer card, and was trying to be prayed for, and she never did make it. And she's very seriously ill. And right here this morning, I believe God healed the woman, standing right here by the side of the place.

L-8 I said, "What a time now! That's been about twelve, fourteen years ago, and now in the city called Phoenix, Phoenix is something that's built--built up from ruins." I said, "Well, that's the same thing happened to you this morning. God built you up, I believe, this morning, from a--a ruined health to good health."

L-9 I was just hearing last evening, the calls was coming, so many. I'm your neighbor now, I live in Tucson and the calls were so many I couldn't get out to get them all, so I just praying for them by phone. And they, then, they just had to leave their numbers.

L-10 And there was a lady, eighty-seven years old, an old Christian, she had been out of her mind for a while. She was in the street, screaming, and calling the police, that somebody had taken her baby. Eighty-seven years old, see, her mind had left her. And she was a dear old woman. I never knew her in my life. And so Billy rang, and said, "Go immediately to prayer," said, "the lady is seriously, and they think she is going to die." Said, "She is just... she is beyond herself."

L-11 Then I just hung up the receiver, and went into the room and prayed. In a few moments, she was asleep. She woke up, normally well, eat a full chicken supper, with all the ice cream and cake, behind it. Yeah.

L-12 You see, God is sovereign. He is so real, He can... You don't have to be there; just--just ask this.

L-13 I believe our leader here, this morning, or someone, or maybe it was Brother Valdez in his prayer, said, "We have 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min not because we ask not. We ask not because we believe not." [James 4:2]

L-14 I appreciate the singing of this young people here. Brother Valdez, us old people, were remarking of the sincerity of that young man making that testimony, that he knew Jesus.

L-15 Now we know that we find, many times, these little quartets and singings, I... this is another minister's word, Brother Valdez said, "Sometime they come a dime a dozen." Because, they seem like, today, it's--it's become a show in the stead of the--the sacredness and sincerity that the pentecostals once possessed.

L-16 And the sincerity of these boys, I--I appreciated that. The Lord bless you boys. And I was...

L-17 I'm not much on television. As you know, I'm really against it. And I'm really renting a place down in Tucson until we get our place fixed, where we'll have our home established there, the Lord willing. And the lady that rents the house, she's a fine Christian friend, but she had in the house a--a--a television. Well, I've got young children, and you know how they are, so they hurry to it. So, couple mornings ago, when I just come in from a trip with Brother Stromei... I don't know whether Brother Stromei is here this morning, or not, he is the president of the chapter at Tucson. My young daughter, which is sitting back over here, called me in to watch, said, "We're going to turn the television on, some singing quartets," or whatever it was.

L-18 Well, now, I am a very good critic, and I--I'm sorry for that, but I--I--I can't be nothing but just what I'm made. If I do something contrary to my own makeup, I'm a hypocrite. And I wouldn't want to be that before you people. I--I want to be just what I am, and then you know how we're standing. And I--I guess I criticize a little too much.

L-19 But I just had it in my heart to criticize that, because it just looked to me like some kind of a Hollywood put on, just a lot of carrying on. It didn't seem like the sacredness it should. And they sang those hymns in--in rock-and-roll time, and gold slippers on. And has it come that the Gospel has become a show? Why, I, if that's what it is, I--I don't want nothing to do with it. I want something that's real and genuine, and we want to keep it that way.

L-20 Now, I--I believe that transpositions these two right here, brethren. That, you hear me better now?

L-21 Now, next Saturday morning, the Lord willing, I have the grand privilege of speaking at the chapter, my first time, at Flagstaff, Arizona. The brother here, I just forget his name, is the president. [A brother says, "Chester Earl."--Ed.] Chester Earl, Brother Chester Earl. Just had the opportunity to meet him this morning, when I was just shaking hands with the fine evangelist here from India, an Indian brother. And he said that next Saturday morning I'm to speak there. You are all cordially invited to attend this meeting. We hope that the Lord will bless us.

L-22 And then the following Monday night, at Tucson, is a banquet. The Lord has give me the honor to speak to the... at the banquet down there, twenty-first day of--of December, at Tucson. You are certainly cordially invited to attend that banquet night.

L-23 And then as Brother Williams announced that I'm to be back here again, for to kind of a little prelude before the convention starts.

L-24 And, so, am I getting some static there, Brother Williams? There's... What say? Is that better now? That's better. Fine.

L-25 I certainly hope that many of you can find time to attend one, or every night and day, of the meeting. That, that starts on the seventeenth, at seven, Sunday afternoon? [Someone says, "One-thirty."--Ed.] One-thirty. One-thirty, Sunday afternoon. I want to say also, if the Lord willing, I'll be praying for the sick in--in--in those meetings, and doing all I can to help you.

L-26 And minister brothers here, this morning, of the Phoenix area. The reason that I come here to this hall, I... Each time I come, I usually make a little panoramic, and run around to the churches, each church. Then I find it kind of hard, because some of the churches are kind of small. And we certainly don't want to leave out any brother because his church is small, and then it makes it hard, the people can't get in. So if... I thought we'd just meet in one place and I'd take care of it myself, and we'd just meet here and have the service, just a little evangelistic service, and pray for the sick and things. Before... 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-27 Maybe if I get over on this other, this better over here? [Someone says, "No, that, that's the tape."--Ed.] That's the tape. All right.

L-28 Maybe it would be a--a little better if I did it that way. And I want my brethren here, of the churches, the pastors here in Phoenix, to know that that's the reason we did this, to come here to this hall, so we could have all get together in one certain place. And you can't get to all the brethren, there is so many of them. You seen what stood this morning, and probably that's not a half of them. So you can't get them all in a few days that we have here, before, prior the convention.

L-29 And I'm sure we're going to have a great time in the convention. You'll hear great speakers. This Brother Cash is Cash Hamburg, Hamburg. My, how many ever heard him? He certainly is a--a typhoon. Yeah. Excuse me, I oughtn't to have said it that way. That's a brother, but--but, my, I was with him one time. You know, I don't see how you ever come to hear me, when you hear a fellow like that. He can preach and it never takes his breath. I--I don't know how he does it, I... but he certainly does get a lot out. I went with him in my New York convention, recently, and he wanted to take me to--to supper after the meeting. And I went into a place, and I was about ready to get out when brother... He, he preached all up-and-down the floor, and everywhere around, to everybody there was in there. He is quite a--a character, in himself.

L-30 And I'm sure you'll enjoy brother from California, too. What's his name? I can't think of his name, the one is one of the speakers. I--I forget his name, too. But he's a--a forceful speaker, and you will enjoy him. There'll probably be great speakers there such as, you know, Brother Roberts and many of the great man of this day.

L-31 So, I'm thankful to think about a Scripture comes on my mind here at this time. And at one time David was looking out upon the ark of the Lord, setting in tents. And he said... He was sitting with the prophet, Nathan, of that day. And so he said, "Is it right that I would dwell here in a house, live in a house of cedar, and the ark of the covenant of my Lord under tent?"

L-32 And the prophet said to him, "Do all that's in your heart, David, 'cause God is with you." That's all he knew to say. [I Chronicles 17:2]

L-33 But that night, the Lord met the prophet, and said, "Go, tell my servant, David, that I took him from that sheep cote, from following those few sheep, you know, and have made him a name like the great men," not the biggest name, not the greatest name, but numbered him with the great men that was in the earth at that time. [II Samuel 7:8-9]

L-34 And I thought, "The grace of God, to David there!" And I thought, "I could count it, myself. When I find the privilege of this day that we're living in, the closing days of the world's history, and to be numbered among such man as we have attend these meetings." And the Lord bless you, real richly.

L-35 Now, my good friend, Brother Valdez, said, "Brother Branham, I got to leave at, I believe, at a quarter to ten, or quarter after ten." Said, "I'm going to get over on the end, so I won't disturb--disturb you speaking." He's been in the meetings before.

L-36 I'm--I'm kind of slow, and have to think, you know, when I'm speaking. And I write down my Scriptures here, and a note, maybe, but then I have to go back and think what the Lord told me to say, you know, have to wait for Him. And I'm kind of slow, so I hope I don't keep you too long, this morning.

L-37 I asked Brother Williams, I said, "Brother Williams, how much time do I have?" I said, "Now, I had a Scripture here I could speak on which would take me just about thirty minutes, or something, and dismiss everyone and go home." And I said, "But I'd like to have a little lesson, if it's possible," and on what I think that would be something for you today, something that you could take home with you, to think of it.

L-38 And I certainly wouldn't have got up this morning at three-thirty, or twenty minutes to four, and got ready to come up here, just to be seen. I--I--I don't care to be seen. I--I come here and studied yesterday upon some Scriptures I got written down, for something that I prayed sincerely over, and thought maybe that, through that, it might help somebody. I... We haven't got time for shows and sceneries. We--we must get down to business. I believe Jesus is coming pretty 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min soon.

L-39 And now they're taping this, and probably someone might get the tape. And I'd like to make this statement, that sometimes I'm... many times I am really misunderstood. And many times people call me back, say, "Brother Branham, was this the light you meant that in?" And sometimes it's we say something, but you have to know, approach it by terminology that what I meant by it.

L-40 And I say things sometime that's--that's a little contrary to maybe someone's belief, I want you to get that clear now, someone, what someone believes. But I have a--a Message, I'm not... from the Lord, that I feel that way about it. Others might feel It's from the Devil. Others might feel It's nonsense. But, to me, it's Life. And I don't mean to be different when I say things that's different, or maybe a little hurty or cutty, to people. I don't mean it in that light. I--I, if I do, then I'm a hypocrite. I--I say it in the light of progress, to God. I say it in the light of--of--of have people to know God better. And I say it not because that it's something I've made up, myself. It's something that I find from God.

L-41 And now if I happen to speak on something in any of these conventions, that hurts people, or... Say, "I don't believe That that way." Well, I've often made this rude statement. And my wife sitting there listening to me, she knows there is not much formality about me. I--I... Just like when you're eating chicken, and you run into a bone. Now, no good chicken lover ever throws away the chicken because they hit a bone. He just throws away the bone, then he goes ahead eating chicken. The same thing in eating cherry pie. If I hit a seed, I--I--I never throw the pie away, I just throw the seed away. So...

L-42 And what I say here that might seem like, in any of my meetings, that seems like a seed to you, well, you just lay that aside and, say, allow that to me not knowing as much about it as you would. So, then, you just go ahead and eat what you think that's right. And I'll...

L-43 I trust now that the Lord will bless His Word. I am a firm believer in the Word, and the Word only. Just the Word only, and that's the Message that the Lord has given me.

L-44 We different, one from another. I have noticed this morning, my brethren, missionaries, evangelists, and pastors, standing here, maybe--maybe a hundred or more of them, standing here. Each one of them is more qualified to stand here and speak, than I am. I am sure of that. But, see, each one of us, one can't take the other one's place. One cannot take the other one's message. See, we have our different ways.

L-45 God is sovereign. When He... Who, who could tell God how to make things, in the beginning, when there was just He alone? See? And if we have Eternal Life, there is only one form of Eternal Life, and that's God. So if we have Eternal Life, we were with God right then, a part of God. We were His attribute. We are now His attribute. And, because, "In the beginning was the Word." And a word is a thought expressed. So we were His thoughts, then expressed into word and become what we are. That's the reason our names, maybe not what we have now, but our names were put on the Lamb's Book of Life before the foundation of the world. See? And if it wasn't there then, it'll never be there. See? And Jesus come to redeem all those, that's, whose names were on that Book. See, He knowed. [John 1:1], [Revelation 20:15], [Revelation 21:27]

L-46 "The potter," as Romans 8 tells us, "who can tell the potter? Can the clay say, 'Make me thus, thus'?" See? No. God has to display all of His attributes. And so He has to make one vessel of dishonor, and the other one to honor, to show that one up, of course. Now, but He is sovereign, you see, nobody can tell Him what to do. [Romans 9:20-21]

L-47 And He makes us different. Even we're told, in the Bible, that the stars different one from another, one star differents from another. You know, there is a difference in Heaven, in Angels, Angelic beings; there is Angels, there is Cherubims, there is Seraphims, and their--their difference There. And we are all different. And God has big mountains, He has plains, prairies, grass, desert, water. See, He's--He's different, He's a--He's a--a God of variety. And look at His people here this morning, some of us white, some black, some brown, some yellow, some red; see, it's--it's His people. He's a... He's--He's a God of variety, and so I think He has the same thing among His ministers.

L-48 Now let us bow our heads just a moment, for prayer. And I might say this now before we read the Word. I know 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min that if I'm just a little long, and you have to get up and go out, I'll understand, see, I'll perfectly understand. Now let us pray. And while we're praying, with our heads bowed towards the dust from which God took us, is there someone here would like to be remembered in prayer, just raise your hand. He, He knows right what's in your heart, beneath that hand.

L-49 Dear Heavenly Father, we are solemnly approaching Thee, with our heads turned to the dust from where You have took us. And then in our minds we are thinking that You told Abraham, one night, could he "number the sands that was upon the seashores?" And then You told him to "look towards the stars," and could he "number them?" Of course, it was impossible. And You told him that his "seed would be innumerable, and as the sands on the seashore, and on the stars that light the heavens." Now our minds, our thought, our thoughts in our minds, rather, as we bow our heads towards the sand where we come from; then our hearts look towards Heaven, where we are going. From sand to stars, being Abraham's Seed! Dead in Christ, we are Abraham's Seed, and heirs with Him according to the promise." [Genesis 22:15-18]

L-50 And we have come here this morning to fellowship around the natural foods of life, which we have taken, to get that out of the way. And now we are desirous of Thee to give us of that Heavenly Manna, that Food that would give us strength in the Life that's in us. As the blood carries away this food now, to strengthen it, to make more cells, to build us strong for the day; may we receive of Christ, that He might get into our spirits, this morning, through the Word, and--and strengthen us for the hour that we're living in. Cause, the day is far spent and the evening shadows are falling, the evening Light is here, and we are soon listening for the summons to "come on High," and we are wanting to be ready at that hour. So, help us, Father.

L-51 And there is no man worthy to open the Book, or to loose the Seals thereof; but the Lamb, that was slain from the foundation of the world, come took the Book and loosed the Seals. O Lamb of God, come this morning, open the Book to us, and let us look in with Thee, Lord, and see what we must do to be prepared for this hour. Bless every church, bless the oncoming meetings, each one of them, and our little meeting, to join with them coming on. And when we leave here today, may we be able to say like those who came from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us, as He spake to us by the way?" Grant it, Father. We ask in Jesus' Name. Amen. [Revelation 5:1-14]

L-52 Now to you that would like to turn, usually you like to read from behind a minister when he's going to read, to find out just where he is speaking from, if you have your Bibles, and will turn to Saint Matthew the 4th chapter.

L-53 And now I'm going to give my text just before I speak; more or less, want to teach it like, and speak it as we go along. And this I have titled, somehow, I don't know why, I'm titling this: The Harvest Time.

L-54 And we're going to take a Scripture reading, to base this thought upon, to draw from here the context of the text. We're going to read Saint Matthew the 4th chapter, a portion of it. This is in the temptations of Jesus. After He was filled with the Holy Spirit, He was led into the wilderness. Now when Jesus was led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungered. And when the tempter came to him, he said, If thou be the Son of God, command that these stones be made bread. But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. And the devil taken him up into the holy city, and set him upon a pinnacle of the temple, And he said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself down: for it is written, He shall give his angels charge concerning thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dashest thy foot against the stone. Jesus said unto him, It is written again, Thou shall not tempt the Lord thy God. And again, the devil taken him unto... exceeding high mountain, and showed him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glories of them; 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min And he said unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou will fall down and worship me. ... Jesus said unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shall worship the Lord thy God, and him only shall thou serve. [Matthew 4:1-10]

L-55 I want to back up just a little bit, to the 4th verse again. But he answered and said unto him, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. [Matthew 4:4]

L-56 Now for a subject, I would like to take that, "every Word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." Now hold that in thought while we speak.

L-57 Jesus once said, in Saint John 6:48, I believe that's right, as I jotted it down this morning, "I am the Bread of Life." This was at the feast of the Passover, when the Jews were--were eating their kosher in commemoration of the manna that fell in the wilderness, and--and they were drinking from a fountain there representing the Rock that was in the wilderness, and they were having a great time. And Jesus cried right out, in the midst, and He said, "I am the Bread of Life. Your fathers eat manna in the wilderness, for the space of forty years, and they're every one, dead. But I'm that Bread that come from God out of Heaven. If a man eat therof, He'll not die." And for the rock, He said, "I am that Rock that was in the wilderness. I am that Rock that your fathers drank from." [John 6:48-51]

L-58 "How?" They said, "You're a man not more than fifty years old, and say that You seen Abraham? Now we know that Thou has a devil and are mad." [John 8:57]

L-59 And Jesus said, "Before Abraham was, I AM." See, "I AM" was the Pillar of Fire that was in the bush, that talked to Moses. And if you would fix that out in its nouns and pronouns, not "I was, I will be." "I AM" is present tense, all the time. [John 8:58]

L-60 We thinking of this, that Him saying, Himself now, that, "I am that Bread of Life." Now how could this man be Bread of Life? That's what we wonder. "My body is Bread," He said. And now how could this man be Bread? That's kind of strange, but don't be puzzled about it. People of His time got puzzled about it. They didn't know how that this man could actually be Bread, Himself. Also in Saint John 1, it is given to us this way, that, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us." So, the Word became the Bread. The Word and the Bread here would have to be the same, 'cause Jesus is the Word and He is the Bread. [John 6:35, 51], [John 1:1, 14]

L-61 Now how could He be Bread and Word? All the... It would be puzzling, to the carnal mind. But we are hoping, this morning, that there is no carnal minds among us, that there is a spiritual mind among us, that we could understand what the Father is trying to get to us here. Seeing these words are puzzling, but, at the same time, they are Scriptural Truth, see.

L-62 "Now how could this man be Bread?" That's what they said. That's what, I believe, Josephus, many of you historians... as I been studying it.

L-63 Now I'm writing a book, my commentary on the first four chapters of Revelation, hope to have it out pretty soon. It'll be a large book. Then I'll have a brochure of each church age.

L-64 And I was studying church history. I... it was kind of in my mind, I believe it was Josephus, that, one of the early writers, anyhow, that said that, "This Jesus of Nazareth, Who went about healing the sick," said, "His disciples dug Him up and eat His body." See, they were taking the communion. They thought that they dug His body up and was eating His body. Which, we do eat the communion, or take the communion, in symbol form, of His body, 'cause He was the Word.

L-65 Now, see, this is puzzling. And, the same time, there is Scriptures. And Jesus said, "All Scripture must be fulfilled." See? Now, we want to always cut our minds from anything contrary to that Scripture. Don't never, never, any time, leave that Scripture for anything, not one Word of It. Stay exactly with that Scripture. [Luke 24:44]

L-66 Now, God has got to judge the people someday. And if He is going to judge the people by a church, which church 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min will it be? They say, "The Catholic church." Well, then, which Catholic church? See? Because they are in difference with each other, worse than they are with us. See, they different, one... They're all the different forms of them, the Roman and the Orthodox, and the Jewphanite and, oh, many different tribes of them. And they certainly at one another's throats, so which one of them Catholic churches? If He does it by the Protestant church, which Protestant church? Each one differents from the other.

L-67 But He is going to judge the world, and He has got to have some standard to judge the world by, or He would be unjust to let us go now and--and live this life without a standard to be judged by. Who would be right? Where could you tell what was right? There has to be a standard.

L-68 And He said, in His Bible, that He would judge the world by Jesus Christ. And we read here that Jesus is the Word. In Hebrews 13:8, said, "He is the same yesterday, today, and forever." So, therefore, He will judge the church by their attitude towards Christ, Who is the Word. "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every Word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." Not out of the mouth of man, not out of the seminary, not out of the--of the church, but, "out of the mouth of God." Man must live by That, and That alone; not man's interpretation, but God's Own Word! [Hebrews 13:8], [Matthew 4:4]

L-69 "Well," you say, "there is a mistake Here." If it is, God is responsible for it. He brought it to me, see. This is what I must take, right here is what He said.

L-70 Now, if this is kind of puzzling, and about "a man being Bread and being Word," let's now go and search for this. Let's find out. Cause, the Scriptures are all true, and they--they cannot be ever broken. Every Scripture will be fulfilled. No matter how strange it seems, That, it'll always be fulfilled.

L-71 What if--if Brother Williams or--or some of the brethren here, our great-great-grandfather, both could rise on the scene, this morning, and, say, well, show them television? And maybe someone prophesied back in that their day, and said, "There would be a time that you can hear a voice around the world."

L-72 They would say, "Well, let the poor old fellow alone, he has lost his mind."

L-73 "And there will be a time that color will flow right through the air." It's here right now. "And they'll turn on a little button, and around the world you'll see people moving, and things, right on the screen."

L-74 "Well," they would say, "the poor old fellow!" See? But now we have it, right in this room this morning.

L-75 And I want to bring you conscious of that, before we approach farther, that God is in this room. The Author of this Word is here. So, it doesn't matter how you are dressed, or what degree you live in life, or what kind of a home you live in, or what type of car you drive, or how much education you've got, God looks at your heart. And He looks in my heart. And we're judged from our heart, not even our words. Our heart judges us. "From the heart speaketh the mouth." If it isn't, it's hypocrisy. [Matthew 12:34]

L-76 Now, in this room now is coming human beings, forms of human beings, passing through here, from all around the world, voices singing, is in this room right now. But, you see, you are only limited, in your senses, to a certain percent of sight. But now you can take the crystal, or the tube or whatever that's in the television, and turn it on, and with the set that could deviate that on those ether--ether waves, and deviate that, to condense it into a channel, and pick up those people; someone in Australia, South Africa, or where, India, or wherever it may be. You can stand here, on a screen, and see even the color of clothes that they got, the color of the trees, and every move they make. Just flip on the television, see if that isn't so.

L-77 Then, it's got to be somewhere, hid from our eyes, that same thing is passing through here now. It passed through here when Abraham heard God say, "Look up towards the stars." It was here when Elijah set on Mount Carmel. It was here when Adam was here, but they just now discovered it. [Genesis 15:5]

L-78 And so is God here, and the Angels. And someday it'll be just as much reality as television or anything else is, because the Spirit will bring us into that immortal Life. Then we'll understand. So, then, we are speaking from His Word. Now, that, we're going to try... 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-79 God, God the great Creator, let's try to speak on the form of nature, pick Him up in nature first, to bring it back to the Word. Now, nature runs just with the Word, because God is a Creator of Nature. When you see the way nature works, the... find out that that's the way. That, that's my first Bible, was to find out how nature... found God in nature. And wheat is nature's product, bread, make bread out of it, which sustains the natural body. Nature holds many secrets. We... and that's my first time to find God, was watching nature. I seen there had to be something. And, now, I have no education, therefore I speak lots by nature. And it is... I'm not trying to support ignorance. But I'm trying to say you don't even have to have an education, to know God.

L-80 John the Baptist, the forerunner of Christ, when He came out of the wilderness. We're taught that He went in the wilderness, at the age of nine, and he stayed there because his job was important. His father was a priest. And in that certain line of priesthood, or denomination, oh, his father said, "Now, John, you know you're to introduce the Messiah. You know, that Brother So-and-here just makes perfectly the Messiah!" So John had to get away from that, he would get in the wilderness to himself, because it must be God's choosing, and not man's choosing, at all, who would be the Messiah. So, he went in there at the age of about nine years old.

L-81 And, you notice, when he come out, at the age of thirty, his sermons wasn't as a theologian. He didn't use great swelling words, but it was all on nature. He said to them church men of that day, he said, "You generation of snakes." That's what he seen in the wilderness, snakes. He hated snakes. They were poison. In their fangs they had deathly poison, and he pronounced this upon the church of that day, "You bunch of poisoned snakes, who has warned you to flee from the wrath to come? Don't begin to say, 'We belong to this,' and, 'We're the--we're the Jesuites,' or 'We're the so-and-so,' or, 'We belong to the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian,' or whatever it is. Don't begin to say you have that, 'cause, I tell you, God is able of these stones to rise children to Abraham." See? [Matthew 3:7-10], [Luke 3:5-9]

L-82 And also, "The ax," that's what he used in the wilderness, "it'll lay at the root of the tree. And every tree that don't bring forth good fruit--fruit, is hewn down and cast into the fire." See, he wouldn't cut a tree that was bringing fruit, 'cause he lived by the fruit of the tree. But, the tree that didn't bring fruit! Oh, you could just take all the Scripture, is so inspired, till everything in there fits around Jesus Christ. You see, "Every tree that bringeth forth not good fruit is hewn down and cast into the fire," and so forth. You see, he--he used his message in the realm of nature. [Matthew 7:19], [Luke 3:5-9]

L-83 And we want to face that now, being that we've found that He said, "I'm the Bread. And man shall live by every Word, and I am the Word." See? So we want to go back in nature. I notice a lot of times I have to do that. [John 6:51]

L-84 And nature runs on the same scale. You take the time you watch all the birds congregate, leave and go out in the field and go to eating. Watch all the cattle when they're out, scattered out in the field, eating. Drop your line in, fish will bite. But when them cattle... Them birds huddle up in the trees, and them cattle get in the corner, you might as well take your line up. They won't bite, because nature runs on the same scale all the time.

L-85 And so does the Word of God run in continuity. God always does everything He does on the same scale. He decided at the beginning, when man lost his fellowship with Him, He would save him by the shed blood of an innocent one. And He has never changed His method. We've tried to educate them into it, denominate them into it, and--and beg them into it, beat them into it, or shout them into it. It still remains the same, the shed Blood only is where God meets a believer. [Genesis 3:21]

L-86 Not, we cannot make one World Council of churches and everybody meet. It'll never work; it never did, it never will. That's the way I'm against that system. God has got a system. You heard it said today, "All the churches come together, it's going to be a World Council of churches. And Jesus prayed for that, that we 'all might be one.'" Well, now, you see, that's carnal minded, without knowing the Spirit.

L-87 Jesus said, "That they might be one, Father, as You and I are one." Not for some man to be over something, it never will work; one denomination wants to take over the other, and one man over the other one. But that you might be one with God, like Christ and God was one, that's what the prayer is. That, He was the Word, and Jesus prayed that we might be the Word, reflecting Him. That's His prayer to be answered. [John 17:11] 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-88 See how Satan scruples it up in the carnal mind? But that wasn't Jesus' prayer, at all, that we might all congregate together and all have a certain creed and so forth. Every time they do it, they go further and further from God.

L-89 He wants us to be one with God, and God is the Word. Each individual, in his heart, must be that one with God.

L-90 God knowing that, this, all these things worked out like this. Now that's how we find God sometime, is to look in nature. Seasons, rotating around, proves God. That's where I first found it, how that there is a life comes up in the spring, it lives its life, produces a seed, dies and goes into the ground, comes back in the resurrection, just revolves around. We could spend hours on it.

L-91 But now how different that is from like, our missionary brother here, in India. I find many over there, and around the world, they believe in reincarnation, that, they, that you die here as a man and you come back as a bird or an animal. See, that doesn't speak with nature.

L-92 Nature speaks that this same seed went in the ground, the same seed comes up again. See? The same Jesus went down, is the same Jesus come back. Hallelujah! And this body, when it falls into the ground, it'll not come back a flower or something else, it'll come back a man or a woman. We see it in nature, how it does, it has to go through the cold winters, and rot and so forth, but the life is preserved if there is any life in it.

L-93 But if, there, if that seed hasn't been germinatized, it'll never raise again; it can't raise, there is nothing in it to raise it. And if we just become a nominal Christian... There is two churches in the world, church natural, church spiritual, they're all called "Christians." But the church natural cannot raise. It's doing its raising now in the World Council, council of churches.

L-94 But the Christian rises to meet Christ because It's a Bride, to go to meet Him. There is a difference in them. Nature holds these secrets, to us, and we can see them as we watch them. And we see that Christianity speaks the Truth, of death, burial, and resurrection.

L-95 If there is then a wheat bread that we know we all live by, and we know that there is only one way that we can ever live, is by taking dead substance into our body. You can't live no other way.

L-96 A vegetarian met me, not long ago, he said, "Brother Branham, I had a lot of confidence in you till I heard you say you eat bacon and eggs for breakfast." See? And said, "How could a godly man eat a thing like that?" You see, I said, "Well, what's wrong with it?"

L-97 All things are unclean, but it's sanctified by the Word of God and prayer. The Bible said, "If thou be a good minister of Jesus Christ, thou shall remind the brother of these things. See, all things are sanctified, nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving." First Timothy... 3. Now we find that that is true. So I said, at least... I said, "Well, don't you have to eat something dead, too?" "Oh, no, sir!" [I Timothy 4:4-6]

L-98 I said, "If you live at all, you have to live by dead substance. If you eat bread, the wheat died. If you eat greens, it died. Whatever you did, even to milk, you drink the bacteria. You have." You can only live by dead substance.

L-99 And then if something had to die so we could live physically, how much more did something have to die so we could live Eternally! Death it takes, to do it. Bread! Seeing that Jesus said, "I am the Bread," and there's a wheat bread and He wasn't that kind of bread, so there must be two kinds of lives that's sustained by bread. It would lead us to that. There can't be... He isn't, He wasn't wheat; and He wasn't Word, He was flesh, so there must be two kinds of life. We know that wheat dies so we live physically, as I said. Jesus, the Word Bread, died, so we could live Eternally. He was the Word Bread. Now notice, keep that in mind. Now to prove Jesus' Words to be true, we see in this, in nature, how it goes. [John 6:35]

L-100 Now let's go to the Scripture, to find out again, back up into the Scripture till we get to our main text. In the garden, God gave His first family the Word of God to live by, every Word of it. The first family that was put up here on the earth, was given Eternal Life as long as they stayed with God's Word.

L-101 That was His plan. "I am God," He says, "I change not." That's still His plan. It's never His plan for creed, or 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min organization, or man-made rules, that man shall live by, but by every Word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. [Malachi 3:6]

L-102 Now to go back in Genesis, which is the beginning. Genesis means "the beginning." We find that God gave His family Eternal Life as long as they stayed in this Word and lived by this Word. But when they broke it, just one link in the chain of promises, death struck them, which was a promise also.

L-103 It's a chain. You're hanging over hell with it, and that's the only thing that'll carry you through. When the believer becomes a make-believer and lives on one word that's contrary to this Word, he cuts his fellowship with God. One link broke! And, remember, your faith in this Word is like a chain. A chain is its strongest at its weakest link. That's right. It's the strongest, that, 'cause that's all it'll hold. And if there is something in the Word that's puzzling to you, something that you have heard different, but they said, "Thee? Oh, that was for the apostles, and them things was for days gone by," when the Scripture said Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever, don't let that be a weakness! Fortify It and hold It, and wrap your life into It, because that's the only thing that'll take you over the flames of hell. That's right. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-104 When this chain is broke, with Adam and Eve, the first family, now remember, they didn't break a sentence, they didn't break three Words; one Word! Man shall hang over hell by every Word, every Word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. That's where man's Eternal destination is determined. Why, he'll hang by that chain, or he'll hang by a creed; or if there is creed mixed into the chain, there is where the weak link is, and you're gone. That's where the weak link was with Adam and with Eve. That weak link, "surely," he said, "God..." But surely God said it! And if God said it, God meant it. And He also keeps His Word by saying, "The day you eat thereof, that day you die." The day you put into you anything else besides the unadulterated Word of God, into your soul, that's the day that you're separated from God. [Genesis 2:17]

L-105 Now this is very strong, but just listen close. Now notice. One Word, one Word of the first of the Bible, God said that, "One Word, separated man from its Eternal Life Chain."

L-106 That's like taking a man and you hang him, by his feet... he's got his hands in Heaven, and you cut him half in two, break off a toe, whatever you're hanging unto. You're hanging on the very bottom part, and, you break that chain, anywhere, you're gone. Now bear that in mind.

L-107 Remember, the Bible said, "In the mouth of three witnesses, let every word be established." We'll get on that, in a few minutes, on the three temptations of Jesus; the three temptations of ministers, today, where they make the fall; three temptations of the church, and where they make their fall; three temptations of an organization, where it makes its fall; and the three temptations in the individuals, and where they make their fall. Now, it all runs in three's; like justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost; Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Everything is perfected in three's. [Matthew 18:16]

L-108 Now notice God, in the beginning, the very first thing He give His children to live by, was His Word. Now we find that is the truth. Then in the middle of the Bible, we hear Jesus come and say that, "Man shall live by every Word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." And then in Revelation 22:18, Jesus Himself speaking again, said, "I testify of these things. If any man shall add one word to This, or take one Word of this Book out, his part will be taken from the Book of Life." [Matthew 4:4], [Revelation 22:18]

L-109 Now, see, it's not our good living; that just something goes with it. It isn't our--our church loyalty; that goes with it. But the main thing is, staying with that Word. Don't eat nothing else but that Word. Stay with It. He is that Word. Now we want to watch close now.

L-110 What is the difference in this bread, of creation, to live? Now, wheat is the bread of life, if it's not a hybrid grain, it'll... bury them and it'll come up again. It must be a good ripe grain. Defective grains won't rise. We all know that. Brother Sothmann, sitting here, a wheat raiser from Canada, knows that you don't put defective grains into the soil, to expect a crop out of it. Because, the beetle or the--or the bacteria, what it is in the grain, eats it up, eats the life out of it first. 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-111 Did you know that the very worms that will destroy you, that will eat up your body, is in them right now? Job said, "Though my skin worm destroys this body!" Put you in a coffin and seal it up, air tight; still the worms, that's in you, will eat you up.

L-112 You find meal and flour, and stuff, and set it up a little while, it gets a bug in it, seal it up. What is it? That bug is in there, to begin with. It's there, to start with.

L-113 Now, this grain must be a good grain. It must be free from fault, failures, and so forth, in it. It must be a thoroughbred grain. It can't be a hybrid grain--grain, because, when it comes up, you plant it again, and your--your wheat is done, because a hybrid grain won't grow again. It can't grow again. You take the life out of it when you hybreed it.

L-114 And that's what's happened to the churches. They've been hybrid to the world, and that's the reason that each revival coming on, and you can't have another revival behind it. Every organization that ever organized, dies on the spot and never raises again, because it organizes the world into its systems, therefore it never did. There is no history ever shows that any church, that ever organized, ever raised again. She died there. Why? You hybrid it.

L-115 Don't put a bishop over it. Let the Holy Ghost stay over it. See? The Holy Ghost was sent to keep the weeds and things out; not what the bishop thinks, or the overseers, or so forth. It takes the Holy Spirit to keep that church in its condition. He was that perfect Word, as we will see.

L-116 Adam had his choice, the Word and live, or disbelieve one Word and die.

L-117 We have the same choice, 'cause we have to be. If God put Adam on the Word, and the Word only, then He puts us on a creed or any kind of a creed, then God is unjust in His judgment, it isn't becoming to His holiness nor His sovereignty. But it is becoming to His sovereignty to see that He puts every man on the same base. And He is God and changes not. What God does first, He forever does the same thing. He never changes His--His program. Only thing, He magnifies it, but He never changes it. The same thing continues on.

L-118 Now, Adam had a choice. And if he held to the Word, he lived. If he didn't hold to the Word, he died.

L-119 And we got the same thing. We stay with the Word, we live. "Man shall live by every Word." But if we don't, we die, we spiritually die. Oh, we can still make noise, sure, kick around, and holler and carry on, but, that, that ain't--that ain't living. That isn't living. I am a missionary. I've heard heathens kick around and holler more than we could, and profess to know gods, and things like that. They're not living. "They're dead while they are living." Bible said so. Now we find that this choice is given to us. [Matthew 4:4], [I Timothy 5:6]

L-120 But he compromised to Satan's one word, then died.

L-121 And if, the beginning, which God in His grace and mercy could have bypassed all the sufferings that we've done, all these deaths of little babies, and everything, and the wars, and internals, and crucifixions, and things that we've had; if He could have bypassed it, His sovereignty of His Word would have permitted Him to bypass it, He would have been unjust if He didn't bypass it then. Do you get it? He can't bypass it. He never bypassed it for Adam, to begin with. And He won't bypass it for you or I, to begin with. We must come to that thing, the Word only. "Let every man's word be a lie, and mine be true," He said. [Romans 3:4]

L-122 Now we're just looking for what day we're living in, the harvest time.

L-123 Then God, after Adam had fell (tried by the Word, and fell), God continued, in His creation, to try to find a man who would live every Word. Now look. He tried to find man, that is, live the Word for his age. Now, you see, God scattered His Word out, 'cause He could.

L-124 He is, He is infinite, and He is--He is omnipresent. Omniscient, therefore He knows all things. He can't be present everywhere. By being omniscient, knowing all things, then He can be present everywhere. Because, that's the way He predestinates us, by foreknowledge, not because He desired that this person should be saved and this one lost. But He knew who would be lost and who would be saved. See? Therefore, by His foreknowledge, He can predestinate. And He makes everything work to His glory. That's what His attributes are doing, displaying to His glory. One vessel of honor 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min and one of dishonor, but it's God that maketh it. "Not him that willeth or him that runneth, but God that showeth mercy." See? [Romans 8:29-30]

L-125 "No man can come to Me," said Jesus, "except my Father draws him. And all that the Father hath," past tense, "given to Me, will come to Me, to the Word." How can they come unless they were, are all, they were foreordained to come? "As many as received Him, to them give He the power to become sons of God." See, 'cause their names were on the Book, He come to redeem what was on the Book. [John 6:44]

L-126 In Revelations, we find out, when the Seals was opened, there was a Book. And Him that sat upon the Throne, God, had It in His right hand. And there wasn't nothing, nobody, in Heaven or in earth, or anywhere, was worthy to come take the Book, or to even to look on It. John wept with great... because the whole Book of redemption was there.

L-127 It was at the meeting the other night, that little Assembly of God brother and sister sang that song, "I wonder if John saw me when he saw all the nations gathered. Did he see me?" Sure, he did, if your name was on that Book. And when...

L-128 John's name was on it, too, and he wept because there was nobody that could touch It. And then one of the elders come and said, "Weep not, John, for the Lion of the Tribe of Juda has prevailed." [Revelation 5:5]

L-129 And John was looking around to find a--a lion, and out from behind the curtains come a Lamb, a Lamb that had been slain since before the foundation of the world. Then he saw a bloody Lamb come out, and He come and took the Book out of the right hand of Him, and called everything what was on that Book. It's the complete Book of redemption. And this is It. The Book of redemption, He redeemed all was in that Book, not out of the Book. Anything that had a beginning has an end. But if you've got Eternal Life, you never did begin and you cannot end, because you're sons and daughters of God, attributes of His thoughts and His Word. You have no ending of Life, if your name is on that Book. The Lamb come to redeem It. Not all that profess "Christians," not all that try to live good and holy; but those whose names were written on there, He redeemed that, and that alone, whose names were on the Book. [Revelation 5:5-7]

L-130 Now we find out that Satan caused Adam to fall, by that one word. And God continued on now, in His creation, to try to find one man who would live by every Word. His first man failed. And this man would live his time, his age that he lived in. [Genesis 3:1-7]

L-131 Now, see, there is different ages that God prophesied from the beginning, which would take place all down. That's the reason He could tell the end from the beginning, is because He knew all things. He made all things by Jesus Christ, and for Him, and for His Own pleasure. Notice closely now. Don't miss this.

L-132 What if Moses would have come bringing Noah's message? It wouldn't have worked. Couldn't. No.

L-133 What if Jesus would have come bringing Moses' message? It wouldn't have worked.

L-134 What if we come, trying to bring the Methodist message, Baptist message, or the Pentecostal message? It wouldn't work. They were fine; prove that in a minute, by the Word. They were alright in their age. That age is gone. We got to find out what the Scripture says for today. This day, that's what man is to live by for his age. He tried to find a man that would live the whole Word.

L-135 First thing He did, He tried Noah. Noah failed Him; got drunk, he failed.

L-136 Moses, that great mighty masterpiece of God's, He tried him and he failed. He glorified himself, and wasn't permitted to go into the promised land.

L-137 Then come David, that He was going to reflect His--His... the great Millennium, in David, and He was going to show what His King was. And God swore by David, he would rise up the... raise up his son to sit on his throne. And David was such a gallant man, till, "he was a man after God's Own heart." And David was doing good. He smote all the Philistines and tore down the altars, and stayed with the Word. And, finally, a pretty woman upset him, and he broke the commandment, lost the Word, committed adultery. See? A man after His Own heart, see, still David failed Him. [I Samuel 13:14]

L-138 Moses failed Him, all the rest of them failed Him, but all their lives were just reflection of the One that was to 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min come.

L-139 In the Book of Revelation, as I'm writing, one man who is translating or grammarizing... My grammar is so poor, I've got a--a good scholar to grammarize it, put the right nouns and pronouns together. Which, I don't know which is the difference between a noun and a pronoun. But, but he does, and he is putting them all... I know, only thing I know, God gives It to me and I just write It down, see. And, they, they have to put it so if it goes into schools and things, they--they know that can read it more in their way of understanding. And then the writer said to me, the grammar, the man that's grammarizing it, said to me, he said, "But, Brother Branham, we find in the Pergamos church age... That, Jesus said here, 'he that overcometh, I will give him the Morning Star.' Give him the Morning Star?" He said, "Now how could he get the Morning Star, when Jesus said, Himself, that He is the Morning Star?" [Revelation 22:16]

L-140 See, all those seeds of Abraham are reflected by stars. They different one from another, and we'll different one from another. And Jesus is that Morning Star, the brightest of all of them. But we find Him, in Revelation 1, with seven stars in His hand. He interprets that, and said, "These seven stars are the seven angels to the seven churches, or the seven church ages that's coming." [Revelation 1:20]

L-141 Then he said, "How could it be then, if they got the Morning Star?"

L-142 I said, "The stars that were in His hand were only the reflection stars from the Morning Star, see, for the messenger of that day had the Word." And He is the Word; he just had the portion for that day. And the people that's ready to come away from the world systems and world things, and walk with Him, sees the reflection of the Morning Star through the messenger of that age. As He did through Noah and through Moses, and so forth, as He reflected the Old Testament, finally they all arrived to One. And so will it at the end of the church ages, it'll all arrive back to Jesus, that He is the Word. [Job 38:7]

L-143 We as Christians are only reflecting Him. The moon only reflects the sun, in its absence. And the believer only reflects the Son of God, in the absence of the Son of God. It's the Light of the Bible, the Scriptures, being vindicated in our lives, the Word that makes Light in darkness. You are candles that sets upon a hill. That ain't the sun; it's a candle. The candle just takes the place of the sun, just shows a certain amount of light. We are God's children, we are sons and daughters of God, only by the Spirit with portion. He had It without a portion. We are a star that's shining, all of us together make a Light to the world, but He is the entire Son that reflects the Light to every star. Hallelujah! I believe Him. God help my unbelief! [Matthew 5:14-15]

L-144 Finally, this perfect One arrived. Now, He arrived to be tempted in every point just like we are. The Bible said He was. He was tempted like Noah. He was tempted like Moses. He was tempted like all the rest of them. If we had time to break that down and show you, but we haven't, 'cause I don't want to take too much of your time. But, to break it down and show you, He was tempted in the same manner.

L-145 Satan never changes his tactic, neither does God, just changes ages. But what... Satan got in back there, to the first family of God, on earth. Here it is brother, sister. Don't fail to get this. How did Satan get the first family? He couldn't break it no other way but to get that Word broke, for they were fortified behind that Word. If he could only get one gap!

L-146 That's how he has got every church in every age, got every believer, just pull that gap out. "Well, I--I believe the Bible is right, but I don't believe that." Oh, there he'd go. Too bad, but there he went. "Every Word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God!" [Matthew 4:4]

L-147 Now closely confine this now. Now He finally, this One that would, arrived and had to be tempted just exactly like the rest of them was tempted. Now notice how striking Satan makes his every attack, just the same each time. Now he tried to give Him the natural bread, just like he did Eve. "If you will eat this, take this," or something another, he's got it.

L-148 And that's what he does to every organization, that's what he does to every individual, he tries to give you the natural things that you can look at. And it's taking you away! "Well, look at this great big church! Why, they got so many millions in it! Our church is the biggest church in the city. Well, our, we have the mayor comes to our church. 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min See all that! Our pastor has a--a degree of D.D., L.D., Ph.D! That, well, that, well, he is bound to be a smart man." A Catholic priest can come around and cover him over, anytime, with his degrees. He has got sixty-some-odd books he has to know as bad as much as you know the Bible, to get his degree to be a priest, so don't try to compare educations.

L-149 That's just like the world, is always trying to compare. Don't compare with things of the world. Don't compare with churches. Compare with the Bible! That's what we're doing today. That's what's the matter with us Pentecostal churches. That's what's the matter with our quartets and singings, and so forth, as we have, we're trying to act like Hollywood. Hollywood glitters; the Gospel glows. There is a lot of difference between a glitter and a glow. See? Hollywood glitters with clothes, and Rickies and Rickettas, and ricochets. But God humbly glows in humility of the believer, no matter how ignorant he is. He glows in humility, not shines in Hollywood.

L-150 Notice, he tried his old tactic on Jesus, same thing he did to Moses, same thing he did to the rest of them. He tried it. He'll try it on you, to get you accept some great big something that looks shiny.

L-151 Reminds me when I used to hunt coons, racoons. I'd get me a... Papa, my daddy, used tobacco. I don't know whether you all ever know one of them old tags that used to be on a twist of tobacco. I would take them, get me a log and bore a hole in it, right around the creek where a coon had been running. And then I'd bore a hole in there, and stick this tobacco tag there. And then drive me some nails, angling in like this. And the coon is always reaching for something shiny. And so when the moon come up, and he run along there, he looked back there, he pushed his hand in there to get it. And he won't turn it loose.

L-152 He is like some church members. Even he knows he is caught, he won't turn it loose. "If I do, they'll put me out of the organization." That's just his death, that's all. All right. Notice. There he holds onto it, he won't turn it loose.

L-153 Now Satan tried his same tactic on Jesus, that he tried on the rest of them. He tried to make Him eat something besides the promised Bread Word. Cause, Jesus said, "It's written, 'Man shall not live by bread alone.'" See? He tried to make Him obey him. Though it looked pretty good, looked like He could feed Himself, and He could have done it. You have... [Matthew 4:4]

L-154 You can act any way you want to, too. You can take It or leave It, either one you want to. Now if that coon had sense enough just to, oh, close his hand back, he could pull it out again; but he won't do it, he just holds himself there. And that's the way a lot of nominal Christians does, too. They don't want to hear nothing about It, don't want to come and hear It. They want nothing about It. Go ahead and hold onto it then, see, you'll find out what happens.

L-155 Now notice, they tried to make Him eat something besides the Bread of Life that every man should live by. But Jesus stayed with the Father's Word. Oh, he didn't hit Eve then, he never hit Moses, he never hit any of the rest of them. He hit One was going to reflect every Word. See, He, that's the reason, He was the Word. But Jesus stayed with the Word, refused his theological seminary doctrine, yes, sir, his new light, his more experience. He couldn't push it on Jesus like he pushed it off on Eve, to show her, "Oh, surely, God..."

L-156 "Oh, surely, God would be in this if we could get together and make a whole World Council of church. Surely, God would be. He wants unity and He wants brotherhood." With Himself, not with the world; brotherhood with Himself, worship to Himself. That's what He died for, that you would worship Him. As ever, if he can't get... Now we find out that he failed. Jesus went right back to him, with THUS SAITH THE LORD.

L-157 Now when he sees that a believer... Watch the believer come in these same catagories now, each one of you. When he sees (he) you're going to stay with the Bible, "Yeah, I believe the Bible. I ain't joining no creed and thing out there. I'm going to stay with the Bible." And, as ever, if he can't get you to believe, to--to live the real Truth and to believe the Word, I want you to notice what he done to Jesus, the second time, if he ain't get you. Say, "I ain't going to join no creed. I ain't going to. I'm, I was born free, I'm going to stay with It. I'm going to do this, that, or the other." See, join the church, and you come join, and something another; he can't get you to do that, then he'll do something else to you. Oh, brother, watch this.

L-158 If he doesn't, then he'll send you off to his own seminary, to be taught by his own theologians, see, where Satan is the interpreter. "Oh, the days of miracles is passed. That people down there, I got, well, that's a bunch of heretics. They, 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min they're not, see." He'll send you there.

L-159 Oh, you may say, "Wait a minute, Brother Branham! Just a minute now!" Yeah, let's do wait just a minute, see. You say now, "Don't you no longer supposed to? Aren't we supposed to?" No, sir. No, sir.

L-160 But Jesus said, "When He the Spirit of Truth is come, see, He will bring these things that I have taught, to your memory, the Word. And He'll also show you things to come." There is the real Spirit-filled Church now, stays with the Word, reflects the Word, God on earth. See? He doesn't need any theologian, 'cause His Word is of no private interpretation. He interprets His Own Word, by vindicating It and proving It, It's the Truth. [John 16:13]

L-161 When the Methodist church told you you couldn't receive the Holy Ghost like they did on the Day of Pentecost, did you pay any attention to it? Certainly not. You went right along and got the Holy Ghost, anyhow. See? Cause the...

L-162 I was discussing the--the trinity with a--a Baptist minister, the other night, and I told him it was only terminology. And so we come to find out, he said, another little minister there from the seminary, he said, "Well, Mister Branham, you are trying to make people believe an apostolic religion." I said, "Certainly, the only one there is." And he said, "Sir, where did you go to school at?"

L-163 I said, "On my knees, my brother. Not to... See, that's where I got, not theology, but kneeology." I said, "That's where I found Him."

L-164 And he said, "Mister Branham, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, like they got on the Day of Pentecost, you try to say that that's today?"

L-165 I said, "The Bible said, sir, that the... that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." I said, "That was Jesus Christ that come on the Day of Pentecost." Oh, yeah. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-166 No, same One! "Yet a little while, I'll pray the Father, He'll send you another comforter, which is the Holy Ghost. A little while and the world won't see Me no more, Me no more; yet ye shall see Me, for I will be with you, even in you, to the consumation, end of the world." [John 16:7-28]

L-167 I said, "Yeah, that's Him come on the Day of Pentecost. Yes, sir. He came, lived in them, notice, in the form of the person of the Holy Ghost, Jesus Christ in the person of the Holy Ghost, as we understand the Godhead."

L-168 Now notice, Satan didn't need his theology, theology. And this man said to me, he said, "Mister Branham," he said, "I'll give you to understand, I'm from a certain school, and we are trained." I said, "I hear your program, all the time." See? He said, "We are trained there." Said, "The baptism of the Holy Ghost is for the disciples only."

L-169 I said, "The Bible said there was 'a hundred and twenty' in the upper room." And I said, "Now who is right, you or the Word?" [Acts 1:15]

L-170 And I said, "And then, also, when Philip went down and preached to the Samaritans, and he baptized them in the Name of Jesus Christ, but the Holy Ghost hadn't come upon them yet, 'cause Peter had the keys. So he sent up to Jerusalem and got Peter, who come down and layed hands upon them, and the Holy Ghost came upon them. The Bible said, 'The Holy Ghost!'" [Acts 8:14, 17]

L-171 I said, "Then Peter, with a vision, with the keys, went up to the house of Cornelius, Acts 10, forty-nine... 'And while he yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell upon them. For they heard them speak in tongues, and--and--and prophesy, magnifying God. Then said Peter, can we forbid water, that these should not be baptized, seeing that they received the Holy Ghost like we did at the beginning? And he commanded them to be baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ.' [Acts 10:44-48]

L-172 "We find, thirty years later, Paul passing through the upper coasts of Ephesus, finds some Baptist people who was having a great revival. Great things were going on. They shouting, praising the Lord. And Paul visited to the church where about twenty people were attending, where Aquila and Priscilla was attending the meeting; where Apollos, a converted lawyer, proving by the Bible that Jesus was the Christ. And they had great joy, and a great meeting. Paul 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min passing by, he came by after he... the Lord delivered him out of prison; for casting a spirit out, a devil out of a fortuneteller. And then he come on up through there, in the work of the Lord, and he went to hear the meeting. And he said, 'This man is a great man, all right, but,' said, 'have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?' He believed you received It when you believed. But he said, 'Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?' He said, 'We know not whether there be any Holy Ghost.' [Acts 19:2]

L-173 "Said, 'Then to what was you baptized?' That was the question. He said, 'We've been baptized, the same man that baptized Jesus: John. We've been baptized to John's baptism.' See? He said, 'John only baptized unto repentance, not for the remission of sins.' John... 'cause the Lamb hadn't been killed yet. He said, 'John baptized unto repentance, seeing that you should believe on Him that was to come, on Jesus Christ.' 'And when they heard this, they were baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ. And Paul layed his hands upon them, and the Holy Ghost came upon them, and then they prophesied and spoke in tongues,' thirty years later." And I said, "Besides, do you believe the Bible?" He said, "Certainly." [Acts 19:3-5]

L-174 I said, "Peter, on the Day of Pentecost, when this was all noised abroad, and they was all shouting and praising God, they said, 'Men and brethren, what can we do to be saved?' Peter said, 'Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, for the promise is unto you and to your children, and to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.' Heavens and earth will pass away, but that Word will never fail!" [Acts 2:38-39]

L-175 You pentecostals paid no attention to the Methodist, Baptist, or Presbyterian. You knowed That was for every generation, and you pressed into It. Certainly. Now, just don't stop pressing right there, just keep on pressing, see.

L-176 That's where Methodists made their mistake, they pressed into sanctification but stopped. Lutheran pressed into justification and stopped. See, then it organizes it, there it dies. That's the end of it. That's all of it.

L-177 Watch now as we hurry up through. "When the Spirit of Truth is come, He will teach you all things, whatever I taught you," oh, my, "bearing all remembrance to you, what I've said to you, bringing to you, all remembrance. And He will show you things to come. He will vindicate every Word, confirming the Word with signs following." Everything that He promised, that God promised in the Bible, if you'll turn loose from every creed and everything else, and hold onto the Word, God is obligated to take care of His Word. And so when they did this, the Word vindicates Itself. [John 16:13-18]

L-178 He don't need somebody to say, "Well, the days of miracles is passed."

L-179 Who is that man to tell me the days of miracles is passed, when I was once a blind man? Hallelujah. I once laid where the doctors give me three minutes to live, and I'm a-living today. How can they tell me any different? Once a lukewarm church member, now filled with the Holy Ghost. God don't need any interpreter. The Spirit Itself, which is the Word, interprets it to be the Truth. If a man will dare to stand out and take It. He is His Own interpreter. Try Him one time, and find out if that isn't right. Don't pay attention to what somebody said. Do what God said do.

L-180 "Well," you say, "I do this." Well, what about the other, every Word? One word breaks the chain.

L-181 That's where the churches always fail, right on that chain. They organize it and get the thing together, and make a big denomination. These men get together, Holy Father So-and-so and Doctor Bishop So-and-so. And what's the first thing you have? There you are. You die right there. We'll prove it by nature and by the Word, if the Lord willing, in a few minutes. All right.

L-182 "Bringing to remembrance." He vindicates every Word, and we live by It. Hallelujah! Live by It! "Man shall live by every Word, every Word vindicated." Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. Shall follow them that believe!" Take a hold of It; God vindicates It, that It's the Truth. [Matthew 4:4], [Mark 16:17]

L-183 Where, the seminaries and theologians, inspired by Satan, say, "You can't trust It. That's for the apostles. The days is passed. There is no such thing. That was only meant for the apostles, to prove the Gospel then. We have learned people today." 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-184 They had better learning then than we got now. Tell me any church that can come up with that, that Sanhedrin, when their great-great-great-great-grandfathers had to be priests, behind them. One crooked word in that, in that scroll, or, why, they--they'd stone them for it. They had to stay right exactly. But they missed seeing the real Kernel of the Word when It come, the Life. That's why they were condemned and called the "workers of Satan."

L-185 See, that don't reflect the Word of God, when a seminary student tells you, "The Holy Ghost is not for today. And these things, all that Divine healing stuff, for some other day." See, it's not a reflection from God, it's a reflection from a--a creed. It's a reflection from a doctrine that's outside the Bible.

L-186 Hebrews 13:8 said, "He's the same yesterday, today, and forever." Saint John 14:12, said, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall He do also." Now how you going to take that Word out of there, how you going to add something in Its place? You break the chain of Life. Man lives by Bread only, the Bread, Eternally he lives by that Bread. Physically, he lives by this bread. There is the two breads. The Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit is in you, says "amen" to every Word of God, if that is the Holy Ghost. Now I want to ask you something. Now this is a pinching part. [Hebrews 13:8], [John 14:12]

L-187 Mama used to give me castor oil when I was a kid. And I--I can't stand the smell of the stuff, yet. See? We was raised poor, and mama boiled meat skins and render them out. We get them down at the... from an old sister named Goodwin, that had a bakery down there, and she baked hams and things, and rendered that out. We'd get meal, and take that grease and stuff and make our cornbread. And we had poor eating, no wonder we had malnutrition and so forth, plaguery. But mom then, every Saturday night... We--we didn't get the right kind of food, so she would make us all take a big dose of castor oil. And I--I'd just hold my nose and scream, I said, "Mom, that makes me so sick." She said, "If it don't make you sick, it don't do you any good." So, so maybe that will work this a way. Now how...

L-188 I'm going to ask you something. How can a man or a woman who claims to be filled with the Holy Spirit, which is the Word (that right?), and how can you be the flesh of that Holy Spirit, has made you part of Him, to reflect the Gospel of your age, and deny the Word that He wrote?

L-189 I don't care how good you are. Why, I can take you to Africa, to the--the Hottentots there, and show you a life that a Christian can't touch. Even if they would be caught in adultery; if one of the women, before she is married, a young woman, she has to be tested first for her virgincy. If she be found guilty, she has to tell what man did it, and they're both killed together. What if that happened in the United States, who would bury all the corpses, see? So, so there you are, see. And they are heathens, see the morale. See, so you can't test it by that. Our Indian brother here can tell you now, the Mohammedans probably live a lot better life than we ever think about.

L-190 But what is it? It's the Word that gives the test. Them Pharisees was twice as humble as Jesus. He went around tearing up their churches, and throwing them out, and beating them out, and everything like that.

L-191 And this godly old priest, you know, why, who was... If I was having a meeting against Him, this morning; I'd say, who come to you when you were sick, pray for you? "That godly old priest." Who loaned papa that money when his crops failed? "That godly old priest." Who dedicated you to God, for a life of service? "That godly old priest." Who was it, when you was in jail, come and visits you? "That godly old priest." And this young renegade called Jesus, what does He do? Called your pastor a "snake"! See? See, it's not by the fruits.

L-192 It's by the Word. "Man shall not live by fruit alone, but by every Word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." [Matthew 4:4]

L-193 And He was that Word. They just fail to see It. That's what He was supposed to do. They couldn't see it, because they wasn't ordained to see it. Said, "You can't come to Me." Look at them poor Jews, their eyes were blinded. Sure, He did it. He blinded them, Himself.

L-194 Think of how it would be to be blinded. You better be thanking God for what sight you got on the Scripture. Now notice.

L-195 Now, He, He was this Word. Now, after this, He was tested. Jesus' testing. Now we're going through these. 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-196 See, it doesn't reflect the Word when anybody says, "Well, That was for another age," 'cause the Bible said He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. How the Holy Spirit in you could say that you are a filled with the Holy Ghost? [Hebrews 13:8]

L-197 Now can I hurt you a little bit? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Is it all right? Raise your hands. You won't be mad at me? ["No."] If you do, you have to be.

L-198 How can you women, with bobbed hair, tell me that you are filled with the Holy Ghost? One Word! "Oh, I spoke in tongues." That don't make any difference. I've seen witch doctors speak in tongues, interpret, shout in the spirit, dance in the spirit.

L-199 How can you man call yourself the head of the house, and let your wife wear shorts and carrying on the way she is, call yourself Christians?

L-200 How can you pastors ever face God with a thing like that, without standing up and protest it? You can't make them do it. But you get to preaching like that, you won't belong in the seminary very long or with a group. You'll have to get cooperation from somewhere else. We'll get into it, just in a moment, the Lord willing. See?

L-201 But there you are. Don't, I don't mean to hurt you. I love you. That's the reason. If--if you were floating down the river, and I seen you was going to drown, I'd be a poor fellow, say, "Well, be a good person, honey." You better warn them. That's right. Tell them!

L-202 As I said the other night, if I'm a Christian, I have to be identified with every character of the Bible. I had to stand with Noah and preach with him, in the days, and warn the people. That's right. I had to stand on Mount Carmel, alone, with Elijah. I had to stand at Calvary, and be crucified to myself and my own thoughts, with Him. But then again, I raised with Him on Easter, triumphant over all things. All the carnal of the carnality of the world, raised above it, in Him.

L-203 Notice, it doesn't reflect the Word then, no, it doesn't vindicate It. Now, but if you believe the Word, God will vindicate It, Hisself, as He did here in Jesus.

L-204 The Word Bread always means to be fed on. "And man shall not live by bread, like this bread, alone, but by every Word." So that's the Word Bread, keep that in mind, this is this Bread that the church through every age has fed on, has been the hidden Manna just for the overcomer only. Revelation said so. Now I don't have time to break this whole thing down, because I probably got another thirty minutes. But, look, when the holy--when the holy manna fell from Heaven, which was a type of the Holy Ghost. You'll agree on that. [Matthew 4:4]

L-205 God told Moses to go out and get an omer full of it, and put it in the Holiest of holies. Cause, if they didn't put it in the Holiest of holies, it become stagnant. Is that right? The worms got into it. Now he said, "But put it in the Holiest of holies, in this omer, that every generation coming up after that priesthood, when a man becomes to go to be a priest, to minister the Word, the first thing he gets to do, after he is ordained, is go in and get a handful of that original manna and eat it. [Exodus 16:32-34], [Leviticus 21:22]

L-206 That was to represent that Light in His hand, in the new church age, reflecting his Light, the Manna; and only the man that perfectly overcome, the man that really sets down and throws aside everything else besides the Word. And the Word is that Manna. Oh, my, it's Jesus! "Man shall live by every Word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." That's the hidden Manna for the overcomer, oh, that was laid up each--each, for each priesthood a following it. [Matthew 4:4]

L-207 The schools of theology, long ago, has swapped this blessed Thing for a mess of pottage. That's exactly right. Yes, sir.

L-208 Like Esau did. Now, Esau, morally, was a better man than Jacob, but he didn't have respects to his birthrights which was the Word. How many knows that, the birthrights was the Word, the promise, the elder son? But he was a good man, moral man, like, oh, like the nominal Christian today, a good man. He didn't lie. He didn't steal. He was good to his daddy. He done all these things. But, you see, his birthrights, he said he didn't care about that. "What difference does that make? I'm an Israelite, anyhow. See, I--I belong to it, anyhow." But it was his birthrights that 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min counted, see. His natural was all right, but his spiritual was all wrong. [Hebrews 12:15-18]

L-209 So is it today, the pottage, mix church and world together, some of each one; bingo parties, dances, all kinds of carrying on, in the church; short-haired women, wearing shorts. Well, you say, "Brother Branham, what's that little thing?" [Genesis 25:20-33]

L-210 That's one of the Words, for the Bible said it's wrong for a woman to cut her hair. That's right. If she does, how is she going to get in? See? Just ask, any preacher will tell you the Word says that. See, "she dishonors her head," she dishonors her husband. She should be divorced. That's exactly right. "For she that will cut her hair, let her also be shorn off, shaven." See, it shows through that. Not just bobbed, God don't want it that way. That's that Mister In-between. Don't fool with it. Either cut it all off or leave it grow, that's what God said. Any minister of the Gospel knows that's the Truth, whether you'll say it or not. But that's the Truth. See? Well, what good, if you're going to do all the rest of them, and leave that go? [I Corinthians 11:6, 13-15]

L-211 What? There is just a little bit of the worldly style into you, trying to act just a little bit like the other churches. That's exactly where Israel got in trouble. That's where they die. That's where Adam got in trouble. That's where all the rest of them got in trouble. Just one Word, that's all it takes, just one point. Pottage, mixed with the world! Some of the world, some of Hollywood, some of the church, some of the theologians, and what's you got?

L-212 Notice, if Satan fails here, then he'll try his second scheme on you, get you to--to disbelieve the Word, he'll... and--and go to the seminary. He'll try the next, a scheme. Now here is where you want to be real careful, and just sit just for another five minutes on this part, if you will. Then he makes you a supernatural offer. I'm going to come back to all this, just before closing. He makes... See, if he can't tempt you away from the Word, "No, I'm going to stay with the Word," then he'll give you a supernatural offer.

L-213 He said, "I'll tell you what. You get up here and dive off the temple, and bring back up. See, show the people that You can do something supernatural."

L-214 Boy, he got them there. Now watch this, this is it. Watch when you get to the end, where this temptation come. Maybe He might let some of you speak in tongues, think you got It. See? Or he might even let you prophesy, though it not be with the Word. I've seen people stand up and prophesy, was as contrary to the Word as the East is from the West. See? It's the Word that you live by. Them supernatural gifts, Satan can just hand them out by handfuls. Certainly. That don't mean one thing.

L-215 Didn't Jesus say, "Many will come to Me in that day, and say, 'Lord, haven't I prophesied in Your Name? In Your Name I've cast out devils. I've done mighty works. I've been a great man in the organization. I've done all these things, these things'"? He'll say, "Depart from Me, you that work iniquity." [Matthew 7:22, 23]

L-216 What is iniquity? It's something that you know that's right, and you concede it and won't do it, in your heart. When you know that that Bible teaches a certain thing, and you won't do it, that's iniquity. And David said, "If I hide iniquity in my heart, God will not even hear my prayer." Is that Truth? Is that the Bible? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now, surely you couldn't get angry with That, see. Jesus said that, "Many will come to Me in that day, and say, 'I've done all these things,' and I'll say, 'Depart, you works of iniquity.'" [Isaiah 59:2]

L-217 Same as did Adam. Adam said, "Lord, I did this, I did that." But one Word, see, one Word did it. That's all it takes, just disobey one Word.

L-218 Yes, maybe prophesy contrary to the Word. But now, time he's got this supernatural gift, he is so carried away by the noise, by the glamour of it. "Glory to God, I pray for So-and-so, they got up and walked away! Hallelujah, I can speak in tongues! And somebody interpret it, it's genuine, the truth."

L-219 Paul said, "I can speak in tongue like men and Angels, and yet be nothing. I can have faith to move mountains, and still am nothing." Is that right? [Congregation says, "That's right."--Ed.] [I Corinthians 13:12]

L-220 But, see, he'll offer you that. Oh, Pentecostal people, I love you, or I wouldn't be with you. There is where you failed, see. Watch the Word, not the gift. Watch the giver, see where--see where it comes from, see. He's all carried 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min away, he's dancing in the spirit, boy... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... only thing. He's got so many people around him, and everybody calling for him, here and there, and he forgets the Word.

L-221 Oh, you are very popular as long as you stay away from that Word. But you get in that Word, one time, watch who is going to cooperate with you then. See? Watch what comes out then. We're going to get to this, in another stage of nature, in a moment. See, watch who--who wants you then, nobody does. "Oh, hands off of That!" Like a certain association gathered together here a few weeks ago and banded me, any minister that come to the city, full Gospel, would have me to the city to pray for their sick, would be completely excommunicated from the association. All right, 'cause I pray for the sick. All right. "Don't hear It!" Say... And there is the Word vindicated.

L-222 That's the same thing they done with our Lord. That's the same thing they done with every man, in every age. That's what they done with Luther, Wesley, and all. That's what they done with you, in the beginning, now you turned right back in the same wallow you come out of. Notice the way, it's always been the same way. It's never failed, Satan does the same thing.

L-223 Now he is so carried away by the noise of glamour, and so forth, till, my, he don't even pay any attention to the Word. "Oh, brother, Brother So-and-so said so-and-so, and I got to go over here. I..." See, he's just so carried away, he don't even notice It. Whether it's Word or not Word, don't make any difference. "The rest of them said it was all right, so That don't make any different." The denomination says, "Boy, you got it, don't you let nobody tell you!" You got what? See? Notice.

L-224 Satan ever had, even then, watch in this one place here, he coated the Word. Even on this supernatural that he tried to get Jesus to do, the supernatural, see, being having supernatural, what if Jesus would have listened to him? See? He said, "Now wait. You want to stay with the Word, do You? You want to stay with the Word?" Said, "It's written, He'd give His Angels charge concerning this. Anytime You dash Your foot against a stone, They bear Thee up." But He wasn't dashing His foot against no stone. See? Watch. What if he would have stayed with it? He... Did you notice, I never said he quoted the Word; he coat It, coated It, like putting an icing on a cake, covered It over, whitewashed It, see, It wasn't in It's right place. [Matthew 4:6]

L-225 That's what they try to say today, trying to whitewash It, but you can't make it run with the rest of the Scripture. It's got to be everything, "Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." See, no matter how much Word you try to coat, that don't make... [Hebrews 13:8]

L-226 It's got to be quoted just the way He said It. Then, if It's quoted right, He'll vindicate It to be so in your life. "That's how all men know you're written epistles read of God." Written epistle is this "Bible." Is that right? An epistle is the Bible. And you're a written Bible reflecting His Word, that perfect man again, in God. But Jesus said, "It is written, also." See? [II Corinthians 3:2]

L-227 But notice Eve at this same stage, carried away by her supernatural understanding, she had a theological experience. Her education was supreme to any theologian in the country at that time. See, she was so carried away, she didn't know it. She knew she had something that Adam never had. Perhaps she would be able to rule over him right now, because she knowed more about it, her Adam. Watch what their Adam's are doing today. She knew good from evil, fine education of the Truth. That's right. She had a fine education of the Truth, that she didn't know before, and it was God's Truth. But she was dead, by breaking the Word. Yeah, she got her education, all right.

L-228 So does the seminary give you a theological experience, that you can quote every character of the Old Testament or New. But be careful what you're doing, if it don't break that Word right there, if you do just say, "Well, it's for them." No, it's for you, whosoever will! See? See? Be careful. "Oh, that was for the church long ago." He is the same yesterday, today, and forever! She had a fine education, but she was also dead in sin and trespasses.

L-229 Now Satan's third scheme. We'll get to it quickly 'cause we don't want to take more time than possible, maybe another fifteen, twenty minutes, if you want to go that far. Notice his third scheme then, his, or his third temptation. If the others had failed, this one won't, see. He now offers you a position in the church, like he did Jesus. "I'll give You the world. You be the king, I'll make you. They all belong to me, so I give it to You." [Luke 4:6] 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-230 Who can make a man a minister? Who can give a man a gift by laying hands on him? "God has set in the church!" See? See how they twist the Word. Like Eve now, with her new knowing, knowledge, she had Adam at her sway. She could do what she wanted to, see, as soon as she got Adam to accept it.

L-231 And, but when he come to Jesus, He didn't accept it. He said, "Get behind me, Satan." In other words, let me not misquote it, but just add this to it. "It's written, every man shall live by every Word of God; not by your proposition, 'I'll make you the general overseer, a presbyter, or--or deacon, or I'll let you play the piano, sister.' See, all these propositions, 'You're a very popular person, and we need your talent in our church.'" See, come to the Word! [Luke 4:8]

L-232 She could rule him, or teach him, same as today's crop. That's the way they do it today, to become a D.D., a state presbyter, overseer, district manager, or something another like that.

L-233 How different from Jesus! He stayed with the Word. Now, the next few minutes, I want to prove all these things true, see, by both nature and Word, bring this together. This proves He was the Word made flesh, for Bread. He was the Word made flesh. For He reflected what? The Word only.

L-234 If you're a written epistle, you reflect only the Word; not what the seminary says, what somebody else says, what Miss Jones thinks about It, what Doctor So-and-so think about It, but what God said about It. "Let every man's word be a lie, and Mine be the Truth! Whosoever shall break the least of these commandments, and teach men so! Whosoever shall take one Word out of this Book, or add one word to It! Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every Word proceeding out of the mouth of God." Live Eternally by that Word! [Romans 3:4]

L-235 Just as so as you have to have dead substance there to live by, you have to have Christ to live by here or you die. And what is Christ? "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And the Word was made flesh dwelt among us." [John 1:1, 14]

L-236 And you are the same written epistle, one for one age and one for the other, for the Light of that hour; but they fail to see it. You reflect It only.

L-237 Others fixed, although in one, only failed in one point; but He didn't. And as I said, in Revelation 22:18, He said, "Whosoever shall add to This!"

L-238 Now watch real close now. Matthew 24:24 is the striking, how that they... "Almost, in this last days," Jesus said, "the very elected would be deceived by this thing." Watch the spirits. "In the last days," now that Scripture has to be fulfilled. Do you believe it? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now, that was, "In the last days, the very elected, predestinated, elected to it, would be deceived..." It's so perfectly, it's so Scriptural, and looks so pretty and clear, that you can't see a flaw in it, anyhow, only the elected will escape it. Now that's what Jesus said. Do you believe it? ["Amen."] "Would deceive the very elected if it were possible." [Matthew 24:24]

L-239 "Why, it's perfectly Scriptures, you can see it in the natural eye." But, you see, that isn't it. Jesus... Them Pharisees had that Scripture just as perfect as It could be, but by their own interpretation.

L-240 How did they know He wasn't wrong? Because God vindicated every Word that He promised to Him in that age. That's the reason they knowed He was the Messiah. See?

L-241 Now notice, "if it was possible," in these days. Only one Word, one Word is needed. That's all Satan had to have to Adam, just get Him on one Word. That's all he has to have today, just get one thing turned around. That's all, that's all he needs. Now, you know that's the Truth. To add one, or take one, it's total failure. Every bit, "Every Word of God!" Think now of the interpretations of the seminaries, every one different from the other.

L-242 There has to be a Truth somewhere, and this is It, the Bible. Now Jesus said...

L-243 You say, "Well, Brother Branham, they have the most beautiful worship."

L-244 Jesus said, "In vain do they worship Me, teaching for doctrine the theology of man, not the Word," man, his own conception of the Word being interpreted. [Mark 7:7]

L-245 As I have said, God don't need no interpreter. He interprets every Word Himself. See, you don't need somebody 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min to interpret It to you, God interprets it to you when you're willing to accept It. See, that's the Life, that's Life Itself.

L-246 Jesus said, "In vain they worship Me." They actually worship God. Cain actually worshiped God, in the beginning. "But in vain do they worship Me." What's vain? "It don't do no good." [Matthew 15:9]

L-247 They might say, "Well, I do this. I dance in the spirit. I, I speak in tongues. I, I prophesy. I preach the Gospel." But fail to let your hair grow out, fail on one thing, and see what happens, the Spirit will leave you right there. That's what's happened to our churches, failed.

L-248 "In vain, worshiping Me. Oh, it's a beautiful worship. But in vain do they worship Me, teaching for doctrine the commandments of man." [Matthew 15:9]

L-249 Those Pharisees were learned theologians. Don't you dare to say we got anything today to compare with them. No, indeedy. They knowed one word, every word, just the way it was written, but in vain they were worshiping. Think of it, "in vain," big fine schools, and seminaries, and teachers, and young man, and everything like that, but lost!

L-250 Same as the wilderness, He said, "They all eat manna from that spiritual Rock in the wilderness, they all drink from that Rock, I mean, and they all eat manna out of it." And Jesus said, "And they're, every one, dead." Death means "Eternally separated." Why? Because they failed to believe the promise of God. [John 6:49]

L-251 Oh, I hate to keep you like this, but I just have to say it. Look, I won't take a minute on this. Every one of them people come out under the Pillar of Fire, they come out in the wilderness, believing God, marched on. But when they come to see the obstacle, when the--when the ten come back and said, "We can't take the land. Oh, my, they're giants there. They're this, that, and the other. They just... We can't do it. It's impossible."

L-252 But what did Caleb and Joshua? They stilled the people. They said, "We are more than able to take it." Why? Those people were looking what they could see, see, looking at what they could see. But Caleb and Joshua was looking at the promise of God. God said, "I have given you that land. Go get it!" [Numbers 13:30]

L-253 Now Hebrews the 6th, if I could quote it, "For it is impossible for them which were once enlightened, and have tasted of the Holy Ghost, the power of the world to come, if they shall fall away again, deny, walk away." [Hebrews 6:6]

L-254 Like those fellows come up there and eat the grapes from over on the other land, stood there; and when it come to following the Word, on through, they said, "We can't do it." And they died in the wilderness.

L-255 That's where we got. We tasted a good Word of God. But, the full promise, "No, no, we can't do that, see, 'cause Doctor So-and-so or somebody else says we can't do it. That's for the apostles. That was another day." There you die.

L-256 See, the Scripture all ties together, every Word of It ties together. And it cannot be given by any man-made theory, system, or anything. It's only revealed by the Holy Ghost. Jesus said, "Father, I thank You You've hid these things from the wise and prudent, and reveal it to babes such as will learn." [Matthew 11:25]

L-257 Quickly now let's go to this next thought here if we can. "In vain they worship Me." Those Pharisees, learned, oh, morally good; but called, by Jesus, "devils." Them learned theologians, Jesus said, "You are devils, and the works of your father you'll do." Said, "You garnish the tombs of the prophets, but your fathers back in that same time... Them prophets come forth to tear down those religious systems." That's what they done. [Matthew 15:9], [Matthew 23:29]

L-258 Prophets! Where does the Word come, to a theologian or a prophet? [Congregation says, "Prophet."--Ed.] Not to the theologians and the school. It comes to a prophet, always. God never changes His system, never. Always has, always! Not to a group; to an individual! Never to a group; individual, yes, sir, a prophet. And they said...

L-259 Jesus said, "You garnish the tombs of the prophets, and your fathers put them in there." And they're doing the very same thing under the blindness of Satan's seminary. See? [Luke 11:47]

L-260 And now, Pentecost, keep your nose out of that World Council of churches. Now, you ministers here, you'll write into headquarters, to--to these people. Now, you won't have to write to--to the Assemblies and many of them, 'cause they done set the thing out, they want nothing to do with it. And you Baptist brethren, too, keep your head out of there. Don't you see that's exactly the mark of the beast coming up? You know who is going to gulp it all up, if you know anything about the Scripture. If the Words reflect Itself in you, stay away from that thing. Your denomination will run 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min into that. And you're going to have to do it or excommunicate your denomination. You can't be a denomination and stay there, because you've got to come in or stay out.

L-261 Then, you're no more organization, then you've showed yourself. Exactly. God bless you, if you do it. Hard to tell how many will do it. But some will, no doubt. Yes, sir.

L-262 Deceived, and Jesus called them "devils." Now, but when Jesus was standing there, (what) every temptation, He rebuked it with the Word, and stood there by the Word. God vindicated Him.

L-263 Like over, the other night, I preached on Michelangelo. How many was ever at Forest Lawn and seen Moses' monument there, by Michelangelo? That was striking, when I went in there the first time and seen it. Michelangelo almost spent his lifetime, of making. In his mind, he had what--what Moses ought to look like. And he--he wanted to get--get him fixed before he died. And he spent years and years, of carving out, chipping off here, and breaking off here, and polishing here. Till, finally one day when he had it finished, after many years, he was standing there with a rag in his hand, like this. He stood back and looked at it, the vision that was in his mind, for since he was first heard of Moses, it ought to look like that. There it was, flashed before him. He got so inspired by his own work, he grabbed a hammer and struck it on the leg, and holler, "Speak, Moses!" He thought it was Moses should speak, he was so much like the thing that was in his mind. And that mar on the leg is still there. It's a perfect statue all but that chip off of the leg, the right leg. Watch it in Forest Lawn, as you go in the door, a reproduction of it. Michelangelo's Moses, his masterpiece, that, that sealed his life.

L-264 God is a great Sculptor, right, He made man in His image, to reflect Him, and He is the Word. And what did He do? He tried Adam; he failed, Moses failed, all the rest of them failed. But here is One perfect, hallelujah, (what was it?) nothing less than God Himself in flesh, the Word reflected in Him, brought the fulness of the Godhead bodily; not a prophet, yet He was a prophet; not a man, yet He was a man.

L-265 Jews, don't try to claim Him as yours. He was neither Jew nor Gentile. He was God. See? You are what your blood is, see, and, of course, you're flesh. And Mary, of course, Mary didn't have no conception with the Holy Ghost giving her a sensation. God the Father created a germ, or--or an egg in Mary, and a Blood cell in her, also, and it was the Blood of God.

L-266 The blood comes from the male sex. So it was no... The hemoglobins and the blood has to come from the father, 'cause the baby can't even take its mother's disease, like TB. It could inherit it from the breath of the mother, but not inherit it, I mean, but can breathe it and--and catch it. But she cannot take it from the mother, because he, she is free from it, he's not his mother's blood.

L-267 Now, but Jesus was not the blood of a Jew nor a Gentile, He was a creative Blood by Jehovah Himself. He was the Blood of God. The Bible said, "We're saved by the Blood of God." Not the blood of a Jew or blood of a Gentile, it would all be sex, but this was the Blood of God.

L-268 Notice now when He seen that perfect One, He struck Him, marred Him. Isaiah said, "He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity." What was He? He was that perfect Word, reflected for Bread, that every man shall live by. He was that wheat of God's Word that could be ground and put in the four Gospels, sixty-six Books. And man shall live by That, and That alone, and every Word of It. Amen. That was Michelangelo's masterpiece. And when God could see Hisself reflected in a Man, He had that perfect Man created in His Own image. Oh, my, what a Man! He had to die for all of us. We could stay on that, but we won't. He had to die for all of us. And He died, the perfect One; that we, imperfect, could be made perfect in Him, by partaking of every Word of His Bible. Now, then He raised Him up again, for our justification, that we have a right, as a raised Jesus, that He is here now to minister to us, every Word of God, that we should live by. [Isaiah 53:5]

L-269 Now, quickly now, then we're closing. Now, the second Eve bride.

L-270 Now, the first bridegroom, Adam; had to be brought up through a long string of prophets, and so forth, then come out perfect, and then had to die in order to be Bread for the rest of them.

L-271 Now what about Eve? She has to do the same thing. But when Jesus come... Remember, Eve was the woman. 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min The church always is a woman represented in the Bible, 'cause she is bride. Now watch what she did. She tried to persuade Him to her doctrine. As long as she would preach just what they thought, He was a great Fellow.

L-272 But one day he begin to speak, and said, "I and the Father are one." [John 10:30]

L-273 "Oh, You make Yourself equal with God, see. Oh, my! We want nothing to do with that Fellow, anymore."

L-274 And all these other things He had begin to say, "Except you eat the Flesh of the Son of man." What do you think a doctor would have thought, sitting in there? What do you think any man would, just common thinking? "You have to eat My Flesh and drink My Blood."

L-275 They said, "This Man is a vampire, not a minister. Stay away from that Man, He is crazy. Stay away from Him."

L-276 But it was the Truth. See, it was the Truth. "Except you eat It, you'll perish. You'll all die, if you don't eat It." [John 6:53-56]

L-277 That's the same thing today. The bread and wine is only a symbol, don't let that natural thing get you down. You've got to eat Christ, which is the Word that you live by, "every Word that proceedeth," the whole Bible from Genesis to Revelation. [Luke 4:4], [Matthew 4:4]

L-278 Now, the second Eve, watch her. She was created anew, like He was, at the Day of Pentecost, filled with the Spirit, and fed by the Word. Amen. Now I'm getting religious. I feel good. That first church, that first Eve, which was to be Christ's Bride. How many can say "amen" to that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] She was to be Christ's Bride. She was borned at Pentecost, not at Nicaea, Rome; not in London, England; or not in the United States; not in Germany with Luther, not in England with Wesley, not in the United States with Pentecostals, so called. She was borned on the Day of Pentecost. She was Spirit filled. And she was Spirit filled, and Word fed, "every Word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." Even to Judas... And, oh, they just had to take everything, just Word by Word, a real blooming plant on God's earth, representing Him, another Bride tree. [Matthew 4:4]

L-279 His Word of promise reflected Him in her. They had to take notice to Peter and them. They hadn't been to a seminary, and they knowed that. They hadn't been to any Bible school, some theological seminary. They had no education, 'cause they couldn't even write their own name. The Bible said, "They were ignorant and unlearned." But what happened? They had to take note they had been with Jesus, for there He was in them, reflecting His promise. Hallelujah! Glory to God! That's what we need in this age. His Word reflected Him in her, the church. She was alive by every Word that proceeded out of the mouth of God.

L-280 But then, as Eve, she met her fall, on the Word, at Nicaea, Rome, where the first organization was ever organized, the universal Christian church. Is there a Bible scholar in here? Is there a... Is there a theologian in here that knows that's the truth? The first organization was at Nicaea, Rome. God never did have an organization, never will have one. That's man controlled. That's where they all...

L-281 I'm a Christian. "What church do you belong to?" There is only one. I've been a Branham, fifty-five years, and I never did join the family, I was borned one. That's how you are borned in the Kingdom of God, and you're a reflection of His Word.

L-282 Notice, Eve met hers. And so did the second Eve met hers at Nicaea, Rome, gave to it a denomination, creed, accepted dogmas instead of the Word; taken down pagan idols like Jupiter and so forth, and put up Paul and Barnabas. And--and took down the sun-god and the moon-god, Ashtoreth, the moon-god, with round kosher on it, and made her being the mother of the sun-god which is Jupiter. And changed the birth day of Jesus from April, where all nature, where He was born under the ram, 'cause He was a ram, and changed that up to the sun-god's birthday in the solar there, where it makes one day... There is just only about a minute difference in the day when it passes on the twenty-fifth day of December, the sun-god's birthday, not the Son of God. And every one of us play Santa Claus, and decorate trees, a heathenism, and things like that, and then call ourselves Christians? What's the matter with the Christian church?

L-283 Will there ever rise somebody among us, who can preach the Word and tell the Truth, and God vindicate it and prove to the people that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever? We don't need a seminary. We don't need a 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min theologian. We need a prophet. That's right. God promised it, too. [Hebrews 13:8]

L-284 Then Eve met her failure, so did the church; gave away to denomination, rules of man, to be ruled by man, not controlled by the Spirit no more. She went away from the Word, and accepted dogmas. Who can say "amen"? [Congregation says, "Amen!"--Ed.] Sure. But do you know we Protestants accept as many dogmas as they got, when we add something to this Word or take something from It? Satan got her, with his same old technique he did Eve, compromising. That's where he got it, said something different from the Word, a creed or a denomination.

L-285 The original went on to the ground, in martyrdom, the burrs of Rome ground that wheat from Pentecost, into the dust, and burned them at stakes and fed them to the lions. They went in like the other wheat did, that's right, but He begin to raise her again in the reformation, the same one, the second time.

L-286 Like He did the Second Adam. After Adam fell, He begin to raise a Second Adam. And the Second Adam fell, then It was taken up. The first Adam fell in his sin and stayed there. The Second Adam fell, to redeem a man from sin, and was taken up.

L-287 Now, the first church fell at Nicaea, Rome, first, by one Word of Truth out of the Bible, where the Roman church had added their dogmas and creeds. There come a little priest by the name of Martin Luther, who said, "This is not the communion, this is not the body of Christ. It's a kosher. And, man, 'the just shall live by faith.'" And he threw the thing on the floor, and protested it. There comes your first star shining after the Thyatira age. Yes, sir, justified by faith! He, the great Sculptor, set up to make a masterpiece Bride that would reflect His Word.

L-288 But what did Lutherans do after the death of Luther? They met Satan, and made a denomination out of it, and died. She never done anything else after that, she was done, just become a great mass of people. All right.

L-289 Then God picked her up again, in the days of John Wesley, with another Truth to reflect. What did he do? He said, "Sanctification is the second work of grace." And what did God do? He blessed it. And he protested the Anglican church, and the Zwingli church, and all the rest of them, and all the legalists, and all the Calvin, or the--the Calvinists, rather, and protested it. And--and said, "'The just shall live by faith,' said Luther. And the second work of grace is sanctification." And that's Truth. That's right. See?

L-290 Then what did he do? Same thing, after the death of Wesley, and Asbury and them, same thing that Luther did, organize, die. Look at it now.

L-291 Went there, here not long ago, to pray for a woman in a hospital, going under an operation. I went in there. She said, "Brother Branham, I called you. You don't know me," she said, "but would you pray for me? I've got to have an operation in the morning." I said, "Certainly, sister."

L-292 There was another man, a woman, and a boy, sitting there, about an eighteen-year-old boy, and they was watching me real close. And I turned around and I said, "Would you pardon me, I'm going to..." She said, "Pull that curtain!" I said, "Aren't you a Christian?" She said, "We are Methodist!"

L-293 I said, "That wasn't what I asked you. I asked you... If you're just Methodist, I'll pull the curtain. If you're a Christian, you don't want the curtain pulled." So, yeah, that's right.

L-294 There is a lot of difference in being a Methodist, or a Baptist, or Presbyterian, and then being a Christian; not being a Campbellite, but being a Christian, see. What did she do? The same thing.

L-295 Then what happened? God picked up a little bunch down here in the South, a little colored man with a cross eye. And, He, what did He do? He poured out the restoration of the gifts, and it become pentecost. And many of you old-timers like Brother Valdez sitting back there, an aged sage, was preaching when I was five years old. He remembers the early Pentecost. Boy, don't you speak organization to them guys, they had come out of that nasty thing. And they had the Message of God. 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-296 But what did they do? Same thing the others did, organized it. Now they got about thirty or forty different organizations, oneness, twoness, three's. Till, mercy, goodness, I never heard such in my life! What did you do? You died right on the spot. That's all the farther you could go. Your organization wouldn't accept This. You, you picked your man, "This man, if he don't believe with us, don't have him in there. Our fellowship won't have it." Oh!

L-297 Look, hurrying, there must come a true Seed. There has just got to be, because He's coming for the Bride without spot or wrinkle. He is coming for it, a Word-vindicated Bride. Oh, she'll be such a little bitty group. Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Noah, wherein eight souls was saved," (is that right?) "so shall it be in the coming of the Son of man." How many? I don't know. [Luke 17:26, 30]

L-298 But, see, the Bride is going to be made up of all down through, that had the Word in their age. It's not just this last group, God is going to take the whole thing out of here. Oh, no.

L-299 It'll be--be so small, it'll be surprising. They'll come up missing, you won't even know they're gone. What if He took five hundred in this last days? You would never know it. Took five hundred in a few days' time, two or three days? There is that many people comes up missing across the world, don't even know where they're at, never hear nothing about them. The secret Coming of the Lord Jesus, She'll be taken away.

L-300 And the rest of them go right ahead preaching, just like it was in the days of Noah, "Glory to God, we got It, hallelujah," and sealed to their death. That's what the Bible says, and It can't fail.

L-301 As Noah, Moses, David, reflected the coming of this perfect Bridegroom; so has Luther, Wesley, and Pentecost, reflected the coming of a perfect Bride.

L-302 Notice, each time she indicated, what did she do? Each time, this church, like Eve did, she forced her Adam's to believe her new light, her scheme, and there died with it. "We'll, well, our group will get together, see, oh, our new blessings of what we found, so forth."

L-303 What did this all do to Eve? We just got a short time now. What did this all do to Eve, by the first mother church, the first bride to the first Adam? What did it do to her? Now listen close, you're going to disagree with This. But it produced "the seed of the serpent." Exactly.

L-304 Her first son was not the son of Adam. If it was, he had the birthrights. The Bible, in Jude, said that Adam... that, "Enoch was the seventh from Adam." Is that right? And he starts out, "Adam begot his son, Seth." What about Cain, which had the birthrights? He wasn't Adam's son. Seth, and Seth begot; Jared, and on down to Adam, which down to... "which was the seventh from Adam." Then if Cain was his son, there is not one place in the Bible, even in Luke when he refers back to it again, he never refers to Cain being the son of Adam. And, if he wasn't, whose son was he? And if he was the son of Adam, he was his first son, which had all the birthrights. Oh! [Jude 1:14], [Luke 3:37-38]

L-305 There is that church carnal (can't you see it?) that accepted something, was the adultery instead of the Word. Pentecostal people, bless you. All right, what did he produce to Eve? The seed of the serpent. What has it done in this last days, by denomination? Produced the seed of the serpent, again, rejecting the Word. What did he offer? Fruits and things, not the Blood.

L-306 By revelation of the Word, God's Word before It was even written, "Abel by faith offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than that of Cain, which testified that he was righteous," the Word reflecting Itself through him, by his offering. [Hebrews 11:4]

L-307 Oh, Cain went and got fruits of the field, he thought that Eve eat an apple. Most the theological seminaries has changed that now to an apricot. It was an adultery. And anybody knows that, that knows the Bible. Sure, it was.

L-308 Notice, the serpent's seed was produced by the first Eve's getting away from the Word. The second Eve done the same thing at Nicaea, Rome. And what has she got? A bunch of denominational children. That's right. Oh, morally good; sure, fine. But what about it? Dead, through their creeds.

L-309 Same now. Cain's revelation of the Word done the same thing that these has. What? Promised her. At the end of time, what promises this Eve now? Listen close now, I'm closing. What promise to this Eve at the end time? Riches, 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min Laodicea, great name, great person, rich. "But dead, and naked, and don't know it." That's what the church age ended in. [Revelation 3:17]

L-310 But she denies the Word. To make Matthew 24:24 real to her, she tries to move in with a lot of noise, and a lot of this, and a lot of social standings, and things like this, trying to say, "Well, we got power! Glory to God, hallelujah, we got power!" Having a form of godliness, but denying the Power thereof, so close that it would deceive the very elected... How can a man dance in the Spirit and speak in tongues, and deny the Word of God being the Truth, and be the Holy Ghost? It just can't be done. [II Timothy 3:5], [Matthew 24:24]

L-311 "Every Word!" God says one thing, that's just exactly what He means. Don't interpret It no other way. The Bible says, that, "It's of no private interpretations." Say it the way He said It. [Matthew 4:4]

L-312 Notice, a false power. That's exactly what Satan wanted to give to Jesus, get up there and make Him show Hisself off. People do that, even the World Council, all of them. "Who is able to make war with him," he said, the Bible, "this image of the beast that's going to rise?" If we had time, we'd go in (but we haven't) to it. Notice Jesus, the second Word Adam, in her day, watch in the days of this church now that's going to be so close. The last church age is Laodicea. How many can say "amen" to that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] What does she do? How does she go in the glorious stage? Lukewarm, without God. And what did she do? [Revelation 13:4]

L-313 Now, Adam seen Eve willfully... or not willfully, but ignorantly deceived, and Adam walked out with Eve so he could redeem her. Is that right? The Bible said, "Adam wasn't deceived." That's the reason It forbids women to preach the Gospel. See? Adam was not in the transgression, yet Eve was. So that's the reason she shouldn't teach, see, or usurp any authority over man, or so forth. That's--that's what the Word says.

L-314 You say, "Well, this!" I don't care what this does and that does. It's what the Word says, brother, sister. I'm trying to get that to you, see, it's what the Word says. We live by the Word, not what some evidence, or some carnal something, or some experience. That don't have one thing to do with it. Any kind of an experience won't work, if it denies the Word. "Many will come to Me and say, 'I've prophesied, casted out devils. I spoke in tongues. I done all these things, preached the Gospel, and a Doctor of Divinity.' Said, 'You worker of iniquity, I didn't even know you.'" Knowing that the Word says That, and then compromise because of some organization or something, some system. Oh, my friend, let me warn you, as a dear brother that loves you. Listen closely. [Matthew 7:22-23]

L-315 Now, the first Adam walked out with Eve, because she was deceived. But, there had been somebody here in this Laodicea, she knowed different. Yes, sir. Because she put Him out of her bed, her room, sh-... He was on the outside, knocking, trying to get back in. Yet she had gotten culture, she was set high. She was, oh, my, "had need of nothing," she said, but didn't know that she was naked, miserable. That's the church that deceives the very elected if it was possible. Notice, she had power, false power. She took part of the Word, didn't take the rest of It. [Revelation 3:17]

L-316 What is the biggest lie that was ever told? It's got ninety-nine percent Truth in it. If somebody said "William Branham, on this certain date, was up yonder in Houston, Texas, drunk as he could be." That's a lie. See? "Oh," say, "no, he was in Phoenix, Arizona. He was preaching to Christian businessmen, he preached on a certain subject, so many people was there, they listened till about ten-thirty. And, at ten-thirty, you know what he done? Reached down and got a drink of liquor, and took it." Now there is a lie. The rest of it was all true. See, it has to look just exactly like the truth, to be deceiving.

L-317 That's how the people does today. They have so much of the Truth, they deceive the very elected... But, one Word, that's all it takes. And I've proved that by the Bible. [Matthew 24:24], [Mark 13:22]

L-318 Notice, He never walked out with her. She put Him out, the Word, rejected Him. Now this is a pitiful sight, when we get to the end.

L-319 Just like it was in Babylon, man won't stop at anything he's trying to achieve himself. He just won't stop. Like in the days of Noah, no matter how much Noah preached and warned, didn't do a bit of good. In the days when Ahab, he must make his own bread to send his ownself to hell. That's exactly. He has to make his bread so the link will break, so it'll send his ownself to hell. Just like Ahab and Jezebel, they. But, the thing of it is, they didn't think they were sinning. 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min They thought they were doing right.

L-320 You know, Jesus said, "It'll come to pass that they'll even kill you, thinking they're doing God a service." Wait till this new book of mine comes out. They shot at some people, the other night, for saying that it was wrong to unite the Roman Catholic church with the Protestant. Three shots went through a building, of a friend of mine, just barely missed them. Wait till this book gets in circulation. Don't think they are sinning; they think they're doing the right thing. They think they're--they're doing that for a cause for God, not knowing it. [Matthew 24:9-12]

L-321 The Jews killed Jesus, thinking they were doing the right thing, because their church doctrine said He was wrong. Oh, said for them He... "They crucified the very Bread that they were supposed to live by."

L-322 Now, then, "As many as received Him to be their Life, Eternal Life, they lived by Him, and He gave them power to become part of Him, sons of God." Is that right?

L-323 They like the wild gourds, death in the pottage, from the school of their theologians. They don't want Jesus, the Bread of Life. They don't want Him. They put Him out of their church. They've got to do it. I don't care what they do.

L-324 You say, "You think you're going to change it, Brother Branham?" No, sir. But I'm speaking to the Elected.

L-325 They put Him out. Why? They took their pottage, mixed with the world, some theories of something, and mixed it together, and made a theological seminary pottage. And they refuse the prophet Elijah's meal to cure it.

L-326 Did they do it in that day? Elijah had some meal. That meal was Christ, the meal-offering, all ground the same. Every burr had to be the same, to grind it. And he throwed that in there, and it cured their sickness, or their death in the pot.

L-327 But today they got death in the pot, and they don't want Elijah's Meal, Christ, the Bread, the Word. "No, sir! It's heresy!" They won't have It. Go ahead and eat it, and you'll die as sure as the world. There is poison in the pot. They won't accept this Meal (no, sir) in their theological pots. They just won't do it. Now they'll put you out of it, they don't want nothing to do with it. [II Kings 4:38-41]

L-328 Now the second Eve, bread grain, was Pentecost, did as the first, Adam bread, went to death under the Roman burrs, under persecution, martyrdom.

L-329 But her sister which became a whore, (is that what the Bible says?) that's right, what did she do? She went right on out into the world and begot children. Who can say "amen" to that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Revelation 17, "The whore and her daughters," not man; women, churches. The denominated, what made her a whore? She rejected the Word and took the denomination, she become a whore. What did her children done? They were harlots, which is the same thing. Done the same thing, rejected the Word and took to the denomination. "Her children," daughters, churches, look at them. [Revelation 17:1-18]

L-330 Now let me say this, in prophecy. Will you understand? The big family fuss is about over. They're all coming back together. Old mother is going to take her kids back again. They're all the same, anyhow. They want to be one. It's time for the church and God, church and the Word, to get one, right here, because that's what He's coming after; not a "one" group like that. No, sir.

L-331 A grain of wheat is to be. Now watch nature, and we're closing on this thought. Watch nature. A man plants wheat.

L-332 They wrote a book, I guess you all have read it, probably some of you theologians, called The Silent God. I think you can get it maybe in--in your books, of--of where you sell books, bookstores. The Silent God, said how... An infidel, said, "How could you ever expect there be a God, that could sit up There during the Dark Ages and watch little children be put to death, by fire; women, their long hair stuck down in pitch, and burned; put an ox on one arm, and one another, and pull them apart, because they won't kiss a crucifix; and all those things like that"? Said, "How could a God, if there was one, sit up there and watch those little children burn?" See, that's the natural, carnal mind. See?

L-333 Look, do you know a wheat, when it goes into the ground, it's got to lay there and rot? That's what that pentecostal church had to do, lay there and go to the ground, and die. It had to rot, in order to bring forth Life again. Is 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min that right? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now watch, and now this is my closing thoughts. Now to wind it all up, let's take nature. How many of you believe that God works parallel in nature, to all things? ["Amen."]

L-334 He, look, He done the world. He redeems the world the same way He redeems a man. What does a man believe? He believes, then is baptized; then he is cleansed by the blood, sanctification, which was Wesley's message; then he is filled with Holy Ghost Fire, takes the world out of him, and he is filled with the Spirit, which is the Word. Do you believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now watch what. God is going to redeem His world the same way.

L-335 How many got the--the--The Future Home Of The Bride And Groom, on the tape? See, I brought it out in there. The Lord gave it to me. I give it on to you as He gives it to me.

L-336 Look, the first thing, the world was condemned, under Adam's fall from the Word. The preaching of Noah brought justification, and God baptized the earth with water; then along came the Son and dropped His Blood upon it, to sanctify it, to claim it for His Own; then in the final windup, the renovation, will be fire that will burn every germ, every thing, it'll go for thousands of miles high, in the air.

L-337 And then what? "I saw a new Heaven and a new earth, first heaven and earth was passed away. And I saw the Holy City, the New Jerusalem descending from God, out of Heaven, adorned as a bride for her... adorned as a bride for her husband, see, coming down upon the earth." Then God and man...

L-338 Same thing with Jesus, look, when He was baptized in water, and made His preparations. He was sanctified, to begin with, by the Father; then He raised up His hands, and here come the Dove upon the Lamb. What was God doing when He put the Dove on There? He claimed that part of life. That, that was part of the earth, Jesus eat food like we have, the natural bread. But now God claims it, there ain't nothing going to hold it. Death can't hold it. Said, "Destroy this temple, I'll raise it up again."

L-339 And when the man and woman goes into God, complete now, not under some spell, not under some emotion, but really when the Word and Him becomes one; God has saved that person, sanctified him from the things of the world, renovate everything of the world away from him, with the Fire of the Holy Ghost, and lives in that person, reflecting Himself, that perfect man or woman living by the Word. See, that's the earth that's cleansed. He'll use the earth the same way, He redeems it.

L-340 Now watch, a corn of wheat falls into the ground. Now, Jesus was that corn of wheat that fell into the ground, which after was made perfect, It had Life in It. Moses didn't raise. Adam didn't raise. None of the rest of them raised. But this perfect One that reflected the Word in every way, every Word He lived by! How many can say "amen" by that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Every Word He lived by. What happened? They put him in the grave. But, three days, He broke her open and come out again. See? [John 12:24]

L-341 Now here comes the church again, see, coming to that perfect One, for the Rapture again. Now what happened after the church fell in the ground at Nicaea, Rome, to the first organization? Can anybody say "amen," that that's right? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] What did she do? She come out again in a temporary resurrection, He tried through Luther the same as He did through Noah. But what did he do? He failed the Word, he organized. What did it do?

L-342 It's like a grain of wheat coming up. When the grain comes up, what's the first thing comes up? Two little sprouts. Now listen real close. What comes up, natural now? We're going to follow the natural with the spiritual, natural bread with the spiritual bread. What happens? "How could this Man be Bread?" Watch.

L-343 When the church came up, she was one little leaf. Now that don't look like the grain that went in the ground, at all, but it's a carrier of the life. See? Now what happens? Now the man says, "Oh, I got a good field of wheat." Not yet. Potentially he has. What happened? The next come up was Zwingli, that was another move that come up after Luther. Still that wasn't it. It's a blade. Then the stalk put forth many blades, such as Calvin, and so forth, come up. Finally the Anglican church raised up, all blades. See, all of them just exactly alike, the same thing.

L-344 Then what happened? The wheat changes, and the corn changes, and everything changes. What come was a tassel. You might call it tassel. Well, when it did, look what hangs on it, little pollens. Now that looks just a little bit more like the original grain that went in, than the blade did. Is that right? Well, Wesley's message was closer to the Bible than 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min Luther's. You know that. Is that right? What is all them little tassels now? There was the Wesleyan Methodist, Nazarenes, Pilgrim Holiness, United Brethren, all those under sanctification. And what come from that then? It, finally, what did it do? Organize, died!

L-345 What come out of that was the Pentecostals. You say, "Oh, brother!"

L-346 Now reverently, and I say this with godly love. And may the Great Father Who I've just told you, in the beginning, was present here, omnipresent. If I say this through prejudice, then He'll judge me. If I say it through Truth, He'll bless me. He'll let you see It, if you're ordained to Life.

L-347 When the first little grain of wheat comes out on the stalk of a wheat, it's absolutely looks like the grain. Is that right? But what is it? It isn't the grain. That's that Matthew 24:24, "so close that it would deceive the very elected if possible." Notice, it looks just like the grain. But you pull that off and sit down, and take a microscope glass and begin to pull it back. It's just the shuck on the corn, or the shuck on the wheat. It's only did to protect it, but it looks just exactly like the grain. Now how many knows that to be truth, raise your hands? Sure. But it's the shuck. [Matthew 24:24]

L-348 Now, Pentecostal brethren, don't get me wrong, but this is Truth. You can't defy nature. And nature declares God in everything, its Creator.

L-349 Now look at that shuck. It looks... What'd they do? They spoke in tongues. They act just exactly like they did at Pentecost. But if you'll cut that, take that little thing and pull it back, it's got many little shucks in it. And when you pull it back, you see way back at the back of it, you'll have to have a good glass, look back there. There is a little teeny bud of a grain coming on, there is the real thing. It's a carrier. Why? It has to be there to protect that grain. It's working in harmony, but it's to protect that grain. Now where the grain come from the ground, up through the Lutherans, through them churches, through Wesley and through there, out through the tassels, and now down into the shuck. Now it looks just perfectly. No wonder Jesus said, "It would deceive the very elected if it was possible." Looks just like the grain, right in the place the grain ought to be, but what happened? It did the same thing that the others did before it, organized! What did it become? A carrier. [Matthew 24:24]

L-350 Now in the days that we're living, any historian here knows that any revival only lasts about three years, and then out of that revival comes an organization. Brother, sister, in this great fifteen-year revival that I have lived in, been privileged to live it with you, there hasn't been an organization come out of it. There is no more organizations. There won't be. There is the last. Now, Pentecost had to be there to protect this. Where would we have went with a Message like this if there hadn't been a Pentecostal to believe it? Now go back to the Ohio River, in 1933. See?

L-351 Excuse this, but I want you to know the Truth. And I haven't got much time left, you know that, I'm fifty-five. But these tapes will live when I'm gone, and you'll see whether it's right, or not, if I be a true servant or a false prophet. I've never told you nothing yet but what happened, so will this happen.

L-352 It's a carrier. It had to be. But when that wheat begins to grow, like the church first was a carrier to Jesus, but when He begin to tell them the Truth of God, they separated from Him. Now what's happening? No cooperation. Why? It has to be that way, so that the wheat itself can lay before the sun, s-u-n, and so the spiritual wheat can lay before the S-o-n, to be turned to a golden grain of the Word, see, made Word, God made flesh, vindicated. The... "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall He also." The church that lives by that Word, rightly, not through organization, but in Presence of the Word, the Son, it becomes (what?) a very same Word that went down on the Day of Pentecost. [John 14:12]

L-353 Now, doesn't Malachi 4 teach us, that before the great and terrible day of the Lord shall come, that this will take place? How many knows that? "And He will restore the hearts of the children to the fathers," is that right, "the Faith of the original pentecostal fathers." [Malachi 4:5-6]

L-354 "And in that day," Luke 17:20, I believe it is, Jesus said, "when the Son of man is being revealed," not man. "The Son of man," not an organization. "The Son of man," the Word living Itself again among the people! See? [Luke 17:20]

L-355 The Word, Itself, made flesh in you, you are a reflection of this hour, the Message, reflection of it. See, you live again, live the Life that was in Jesus Christ. You're in the Presence of the Son. Then to the... 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min

L-356 What happens to it? What happens to that Church? Finally, listen, that shuck pulls away from that wheat, when it begins to be manifested. What happened? The Life that was in the shuck, went on out in the wheat. The Life won't change. The carriers change, they denominate; see, the blades, the tassel, the shuck. But the wheat can't change. It's got to be a ministry just exactly on the Word like He was on the Word, and like the first Church was on the Word, Spirit filled, Word fed; not denominational fed. Word fed!

L-357 Now there is nature, and the Word of God. He is that Bread. "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every Word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." [Matthew 4:4]

L-358 Closing now, before prayer. Notice here, here comes the thing I want to say.

L-359 Now that shuck has to pull away from that wheat, that's in God's providence. How many says "amen"? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] The shuck has to pull away from the wheat, 'cause it's maturing now. It's up. Now, that shuck wasn't there, it was a supporter, it was a carrier of the Life, then the Life out of there went right out into the wheat. Now, that's the reason.

L-360 Listen, friends, what day we living in? We've had a fifteen-year revival. How many can say "amen" to that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] What organization raised up? None. They tried to get me to make an organization, said, "Will you make an organization, Brother Branham, on your ministry? It'll be..." Now, not me, I ain't talking about me. I'm talking about the Message of the hour, of the day.

L-361 And they went up there in Canada and got a few latter-rain brethren. It died right there. Remember the latter-rain, you brothers? Where did it go to? Where did anything else go to? But what did the organization get out of it? Millions of converts, and made slaves out of them, to their creeds, become rich, and building millions and billions of dollars in buildings and things like that, and saying "the Lord is coming," sending preachers to seminaries and things, and educating them on man-made theology, like Luther, Wesley, and the rest of you. It become a shuck.

L-362 But, thank God, the grain is going on. Then if that is true by the Word, to where we're living, that is true by nature, it's vindicated, the corn of wheat, every way, how much longer we got? You know what? I hear the coming of the combine, the World Council, she'll separate it. What does she do? Shave her off of her stalk. But She's got an elevator waiting for Her. She'll go Home, one of these mornings. Oh, yes. You understand, say "amen"? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-363 I know the world don't believe that. They can't believe it. Don't... Just feel sorry for them, 'cause, "No man can come except My Father draws him; and all My Father has given Me will come." If his name is on the Book of Life, he'll certainly recognize the Word. He's got to, it's done too long. It's done vindicated so perfectly, till it's positive the Truth. [John 6:44]

L-364 We won't have no more organizations, but all the organizations will go into one. What is she good for? Going... For what do they do with the straw? Burn it. Jesus said, "The angels will come gather the wheat into the garner." And what will take place? "The stalks, and stubbles, and briers, will be burned with unquenchable fire." You see? And what has to be done first? The angels went forth and bound the tarriers first. Is that right? See, they're binding themselves together in one great big organization, no more organizations. [Matthew 3:12]

L-365 The wheat is here. Thanks be to God, the wheat is here. Christ is here. He proves His Word, It's the Truth. The wheat is here, it's maturing now, it's laying in the Presence of the Son.

L-366 Not any man may touch It, it's all pulling away, "We'll have nothing to do with It." You have to do that.

L-367 Oh, brother, get in the wheat, let your Life that's in you come out into the wheat. Will you? Believe God. Don't... Just stay with God. Are you sure you're going to make it? What if somebody said... I don't care.

L-368 Like a story I read, one time. There was a doctor, he was a fine man, and he loved poor people. And every time the poor couldn't pay their debts, you know what he done? He just signed it in red ink, said, "You're forgiven." Finally, the doctor died. And when the doctor died, his wife was arrogant. She was different, like the church today. She went and ground them all together. She brought lawsuit, and throwed them all in the court, "You're going to pay these bills, 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min anyhow!"

L-369 But the judge picked up some of the receipts, said, "Come here, madam." He said, "Is this red ink your husband's signature?" She said, "Yes, sir, it is."

L-370 Said, "There ain't a court in the land can sue them. They are free."

L-371 Let them say what they want to. He signed His Word with His Own Blood. There ain't nothing can take it away from us, brother. We are free.

L-372 Let us pray. Surely you... [A brother in the congregation gives an exhortation. Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Amen.

L-373 Now with your heads bowed. If I understand, one raised up in the midst of them, in the days of the king, and gave a prophecy, where they should meet the enemy and destroy them. Now, if I understand that right, there is one place to meet your enemy, that's at the Word. That's where he's trying to meet you. You meet him there with THUS SAITH THE LORD.

L-374 How many in here, with your heads bowed, (it's so close to noon, I haven't time for an altar call but just this) would raise your hands, with your heads bowed, your eyes closed, "I want to be a part of Him. I want to join myself with Him and His Word. No matter what comes or goes, what the world says, I want to be part of Him," raise your hand and say, "I do"? God bless you. A hundred percent, I believe.

L-375 With our heads bowed, while we're thinking, let's quietly hum this little song now. Everyone praying. Blest be the tie that binds (that's the Word) Our hearts in Christian love; The fellowship of kindred mind Is like to that Above. ("As I and My Father are one, you are one with Him, too.") When we asunder part, It gives us inward pain; But we shall still be joined in heart, And hope to meet again.

L-376 Next Saturday morning at Flagstaff, Arizona, the Lord willing, I hope to meet with you again. Do you love Him? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-377 Now I'm just going to leave it like that, see. The Bible said, "As many as believed Him, and as many as received the Word." See? I can't say who is or who isn't, that's up to you. But if you're holding onto some little creed, some of you Methodists, Baptists, or Pentecostals, or whoever you may be, that's holding onto something contrary to that Word, please, my dear people, turn from it, today. Won't you? Turn from it, and turn to Him. Don't let one Word ever break you from the fellowship of Christ. May His Spirit grant this. [John 12:44-48]

L-378 Father, God, these people has set here for a long time. It reminds me of one time that Paul, preaching on this same line, it was the Gospel, they sat all night long and listened to him, a young man fell from the window and was killed. Paul went and layed his body up over the young man, and said, "Life has come back to him." Now, Father, there is sick and afflicted here, there are those who need prayer for their bodies. I pray, Dear God, not to wait till the meeting. They don't have to wait for any meeting. The Word is always here, that's Christ. I pray that You'll heal every one of them. Let every one of them be made completely whole, God. Grant it. Bless them, their efforts. They wouldn't have set here, Lord, they wouldn't have listened to This, if they hadn't have believed It. Now, Lord, they've raised their hands, they believe It, now may It receive into their hearts, every minister, every one of the laity. The sinner, may he receive Christ; the backslider come back. Grant it, Father. These blessings we ask in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. I love Him, I love Him, He put my name in there, many years ago. ... first loved me And purchased my salvation 64-1212, The Harvest Time, Ramada Inn, Phoenix, AZ, 150 min On Calvary's tree.

L-379 You love Him? Now while we sing that again, just reach across the table and shake hands with somebody, say, "Dear pilgrim, I'm glad to set here this morning. I believe Christ. Don't you?" Something like that, when we sing again. "I..." [Brother Branham shakes hands with others--Ed.] Purchased my salvation On Calvary's tree.

L-380 Now, from now on, are we through with the world? Are we through with the fashions of the world? And the... all of the nonsense, and all this here glamour, and taking the Gospel and making a commercial thing out of it, and--and are we through with it? Don't we? Just give me Jesus, that's all I want. "To know Him is Life, know Him." I love Him. Don't you love Him? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Oh, how we love Him!

L-381 Now I'm going to turn the service to Brother Carl, I don't know what else he's going to do.

L-382 God bless you. And I hope to see you again next Sunday, and if I can't see you... or next Saturday. If I don't see you then, see you down at Tucson. If not then, I'll see you back here the seventeenth. If not then, I'll see you in Glory. Amen.

L-383 Brother Carl now, I don't know what he wants to do right at this time, Brother Williams. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Why It Had To Be Shepherds
