Date: 1965-01-16
Title: Wedding Ceremony
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Private Home
Location: Tucson
Duration: AZ, no audio
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 65-0116w

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Who will I ask for, for this woman to be bride to this man? [The bride's father answers, "I, her father."--Ed.]

L-2 Dearly beloved, we have gathered here in the face of this company, in the Presence of God, to join together in holy matrimony, this man and this woman, which is honorable, as declared by Saint Paul among all men. It is therefore not by any to be entered into unadvisably or lightly, but reverently, discreetfully, advisably, soberly, and in the fear of God. [Hebrews 13:4]

L-3 Into this holy state these two persons present come now to be joined. If there's anyone here that can show a just cause why they should not be lawful joined in this holy matrimony, let them now speak or forever hold their peace.

L-4 I will require and will charge you both, as you will surely answer at the day of judgment when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if either of you know any impediment why you should not be lawful joined together in this holy matrimony, do you now confess it, for be it assured unto you that any persons that are joined otherwise than God's Word does allow, their marriage is not lawful. [Romans 2:16]

L-5 But believing that you have duly considered this solemn obligation that you are about to assume, that you have prepared to enter upon the same, reverently, discreetfully, wisely, and in the fear of God, I shall propose to you the marriage covenant. You will declare the same as you join your right hands. [The groom and bride join their right hands together--Ed.]

L-6 Will you take this woman to be your lawful wedded wife, to live together in this holy state of matrimony; do you promise to love, honor and cherish, in sickness and health, riches or poverty, and will forsake all others and cleave thee only unto her as long as you both live? [The groom answers, "I will."]

L-7 Will you take this man to be your lawful wedded husband, to live together in this holy matrimony; do you promise to love, honor, cherish, in sickness and health, riches or poverty, and will forsake all others and cleave thee only unto him as long as you both live? [The bride answers, "I will."]

L-8 I will require a token of you that this covenant betwixt you, that's been made, will always be kept. [Two rings are placed on the minister's Bible, then offered to the groom for the bride, then to the bride for the groom.]

L-9 Now, will you join your right hands together again, upon the Word of God. Let us bow our head.

L-10 Almighty God, Who married the first man and woman in the garden of Eden, joining together Your own creation, we do realize today that this commission has been carried out down through the ages until this very wedding. And, Father, Thou art the only One Who can join hearts one to the other. And we pray, dear heavenly Father, as this has been done by Your wise counsel, that You have brought this young Christian boy and Christian girl together, to unite in this holy ceremony today, to be husband and wife to each other throughout life's journey, we pray that You will bless them, and bless their home. Make them an example, Lord, in the neighborhood to where they will make their home. In this day that we live, when the divorce courts are so crowded and overrun with divorces, may it never be so with this young man and this young woman. God, grant that they'll be happy, healthy. Make them fruitful, Lord, and multiply to replenish the earth, as Thou did commission us to do at the beginning. And as Thou did bless Isaac and Rebekah, and they brought forth their faithful children, may it be so with this couple also, Father. Bless them, we pray. [Genesis 1:28], [Genesis 2:23-24], [Genesis 24:1], [Genesis 25:20, 24]

L-11 And now, by the power of my commission given to me by Almighty God, to be His servant, and ministered to me by an Angel, I pronounce this man and this woman, husband and wife, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen.God bless you. You're married. [The couple kisses, then face the congregation. The pianist begins playing the Wedding March--Ed.]

L-12 Whatsoever God joins together, let no man put asunder. [The groom, the bride, and the attendants leave.] Let us 65-0116w, Wedding Ceremony, Private Home, Tucson, AZ, no audio bow our heads. [Mark 10:9], [Matthew 19:6]

L-13 Dear God, as we have witnessed today, that two hearts can still beat as one, and we have just performed this ceremony, and sent a young man and a young woman from their homes to go make a home of their own, we are minded, O God, of another great procession there will be someday, when Jesus comes to receive His Bride. And as we witnessed the little lady standing spotless in her bridal gown, O God, may we keep our souls unspotted from the things of the world, that we might be loved by Him Who is our Lover, when we come to that hour. Grant it, Lord. And we pray that Your blessings will be with each of us, and may we live for that time when we'll take part in the great event that this symbolizes. In Jesus' Name we pray. Amen. Lord bless you. [John 14:3]

L-14 Sister Simpson, I want to congratulate you for a fine son-in-law. It's like a wonderful man. And you too, Brother Simpson. The Lord bless you. Is the boy's mother here or father, one? Oh, fine. And I guess the children stand in congratulations...?... our brother-in-law said. Well, it looks like we should just continue and have church, doesn't it? All--all assembled and this would be a good time to preach (Wouldn't it?) after their marriage? Well, I--I just got to start off to Phoenix now and go up there to start some of it. Service is continued at the Westward Ho ballroom tomorrow afternoon. Ha-ha. Until then, the Lord bless you all.

L-15 Brother Dauch, it's really good seeing you again. Nice seeing you down. Where's sister? Is she in? Well, that's fine. Oh, yes, looking right straight at you. How are you? Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ A Paradox
