################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - The Bride's Bill Of Rights  Pt. 72 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   The Bride's Bill Of Rights  Pt. 72
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtgpUQagZU8
========================================

and their cares. This is your house. This is your house, Lord. Come and dwell. [Music] We dedicate this table to you Lord. Oh, and let your glory fill this sanctuary. be enthroned on the praises of your [Music] [Laughter] [Music] people. Lord, we agree in unity. Oh, this is your house. [Applause] [Music] Father, come and dwell. This is your house. Is that your desire this morning? It's a house of [Applause] prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Lord, come. Oh, Holy Spirit, overflow this place and decorate our walls with grace and mercy. [Music] Oh, let healing and redemption finding [Laughter] souls. Lord, have your way. Oh, we come we pray. This is your house. house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. [Applause] It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. Oh, this is your house. house. Come and dwell. Let's sing it to one more time this morning. Oh, this is your house. Oh, Father, come and dwell. This is your house. [Music] It's holy house of prayer. Where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house, Lord. Come and dwell. Oh, there's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence of the Lord. There is joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there is nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence of the Lord. There is nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of when I'm free. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There is healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of Oh, I'm free this morning. Yes. And I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed. Oh, in his presence. Let's sing that again. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I'm forgive and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. Amen. Aren't you so glad you're free this morning in the presence of the Lord? Amen. Certainly is good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. You can be seated. I've got a few announcements to make this morning. A few prayer requests of the John if you don't mind being ready to come take the needs before the Lord this morning. Uh today's the last day uh for graduates to sign up for your Bible in the library. So if you would remember that today there's a signup sheet there. Also, extra help is needed for vacation Bible school. If you'd like to help the children or the teachers, uh children and teachers with their crafts or in the kitchen, please sign up in the library. Also, if you haven't signed up your child, please do so today. Uh they'll be sending the order for t-shirts this upcoming week. Uh so, keep that in mind this morning. Uh a ring has been found in the women's restroom. If it's yours, please visit the library and claim that this morning. Amen. And so those are announcements. I want to remember uh brother Jack asked us to remember uh brother Fred, sister Pam Britt. Uh Pam's 48-year-old daughter passed unexpectedly. Her memorial service was yesterday. It says thank you for the prayers this morning. Uh brother Charles Anthony wants ask for prayers for his daughter April. Uh she's back in the hospital with ongoing health issues. uh please pray uh also praise the Lord for protecting me from injury during a severe auto accident. So we certainly uh thankful for the Lord for his protection there and we'll just continue remember that family in our prayers this morning, the loss of loved ones there. Amen. In recent weeks, want to just continue to lift them up before the Lord this morning. Uh Sister Ruth Louise Jax asked for prayer for her sister an had uh dealing with a rash on her body due to an allergic reaction to a chemical. Also, please pray for her friend Linda uh dealing with heart failure. Amen. And also wanted us to remember her family. God knows the needs there. This morning also uh had an emailed u request have a very urgent prayer request for a good friend Ron Ogle for from Sevirville. Uh he is extremely critical condition in the hospital in Phoenix. I had prayer for him last week. Uh Lord doesn't intervene. Uh it looks like he may not survive. Please pray that the Lord's mercy upon him and his loved ones. Also, he says uh he had a CT scan this Wednesday and we'll know the results uh this upcoming Wednesday. Ask for the Lord's mercy for a good report this morning. That was uh brother Glenn Tamblingson, I believe is the name there. So, we want to remember those needs this morning. Uh brother Michael Bailey asking for prayer for Lynn Duggar Jr. uh has been in the hospital for several weeks dealing with an infection in his body. Uh now fluid is building up on his lungs, very weak. Please pray that God will move on his behalf. Thank you for your prayers this morning. Also, Brother Isaac Mcato uh wants us to remember his brother yesterday. He fell off his motorcycle and broke his ankle, needs an extensive surgery. Please pray that the surgeons can repair and his recovery will be quick and not complicated. So, we want to remember that need this morning. Amen. And I know there's many needs amongst us. Amen. I know uh we serve a mighty, mighty, mighty God this morning. No matter how small or how big your need is this morning, I know he has the answer. Let's just stand to our feet. Brother John, would you come take us to the Lord in prayer this morning? Amen. Amen. We're in a place. This is this is his house. We lift him up and praise him. And he's not only here for healing, but he's here for spiritual needs and everything that you have need of. He's that kind of God. Amen. Then let's go to him in prayer. Heavenly Father, we're certainly grateful to you, Lord. Lord, if we would just take a moment and think back in our lives, how many times, Lord Jesus, that you've been faithful to us and you've touched our bodies and you've healed us spiritually and mentally, Lord, Lord Jesus, there's no way that we could ever thank you enough or praise you enough, Father. And not only that, Lord Jesus, but that helps us to have faith for these needs today, Father. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. and what you did for us back then. Lord, we're here to receive again, Father. We come with expectations, knowing, Father, that you love us so much that all you want us to do is ask, Lord. So, Lord Jesus, in behalf of these requests that were written, Lord, and and those, Lord Jesus, on the people's hearts, Father, we bring them before your throne boldly, Lord. We're not shy, Lord, when it comes to bringing things to you because we know that you're the true answer, the only answer, Father God, for us. We pray that you would just move according to your will and your purpose, Lord, in each and every one of these needs, Lord. And Father, with the spiritual needs that we have need of today, Lord, I pray that you would just anoint the minister, Lord, to come behind this desk, Father, and and you be come behind him and speak through him like a microphone. Father, we ask that you would just move. Lord, we need you so badly, Father. This dark, dark hour, but we have a a bright future ahead of us, Lord. And we're looking forward to it. And we're we're looking for glimpses of that eternal life, Lord Jesus, even now. Father, we love you. We thank you, Father. We pray that you would just anoint our praise, Lord. May as our praise go up goes up, Lord, that that you would come down, Father God, and inhabit the the the the praises of your people, Father. We love you. We thank you for it. just be with each and every one. Anoint the musicians and the and the the worship as we go, Lord, and help us to put aside everything and and focus in on you, Lord. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Somebody give the hand the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Just want to say any visitors that might be with us this morning, we welcome you to the service. Amen. Those that be streaming the service as well. Amen. and God bless you this morning. Let's sing this little course or this song to him. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Amen. Let's sing that as the brothers would come receive the morning tithe and offering at this time. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. When every battle that I fall will fade from me, I'll bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees. When the reason that I'm [Applause] standing stands in front of me. Oh, I have stood for the gospel when it seemed I stood alone through the heartache and frustration and kept my focus on the throne. So many times I have recalled the Savior's word so true. If you won't be ashamed of me, I won't be of you. And so I'll proudly stand until I see. Oh, the face of the one who gave everything for me. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Every battle that I fall, fade from memory. Oh, I'll bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Oh, the road has not been easy. And at times I've lost my way. So often I've stumbled, searching for the light of day. circumstances all around me. I thought I'd surely fall in the whispering of doubt and fear. Told me you would lose it all, but he kept me with his amazing grace. And someday soon, I'll have the chance to thank him face to face. When the reason that I'm [Applause] standing stands in front of me and every battle that I fall, fade from me. I'll bow before his mighty throne. Fall down on my knees. When the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. Oh yes, we will join the millions. Every kindred tongue and raise and every child of God that day will look upon his face with the heroes and the martyrs who died on the pagan soul. [Music] We'll all stand together and declare Jesus is Lord. Oh, and the reason that I'm standing stands in front of me. And every battle that I fall fade from memory. Oh, and I'll bow before his mighty throne and fall down on my knees. Oh, and the reason that I'm standing, stands in front of me. Amen. What a day that's going to be. Amen. Let's sing this little course. When we all get to heaven, KFC, let's sing that as brother Jeremy comes preparing to sing for us. Uh then Sister Rosie Lindsay has a song for us. Amen. The youth choir be singing this morning as well. So, amen. Some good songs coming for you this morning. Let's just sing this little chorus this morning. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that's going to be. We'll sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the manions bright and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place. Oh, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that we when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Oh, while we walk the pilgrim pathway, clouds will over spread the skies. Oh, but when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a s. Oh, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Oh, when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Amen. You can be seated this morning. Give our singers a nice hand. If I could say a few things before I sing. Um Wendy's aunt uh has a handicapped child that's in his 30s and he just got diagnosed with terminal cancer a few months ago. And then this week her husband got diagnosed with cancer. And our hearts are heavy today. And I know there's a bunch of people in here that's praying people and I have confidence in you and I would ask you that you would hold that family up in prayer because they are devastated. You can imagine having your child there. it's handicapped in the home and finding out your husband has spots on the brain and and big tumor on his spine. What that could do to your I just don't even know what how I could even handle it to be honest with you, but they need prayer. If you would pray for them. A few years ago, I had COVID and it done something to my heart and uh we was over at the old church and I come up for prayer and they told me I was going to have to have a pacemaker put in because it uh I'd fail and it blacked out when I had it and they told me I'd had a COVID heart heart attack when I was in ambulance. But I want to tell you about a man I went back to the doctor uh I think it was in February and they had to put me through stress test and done eco cardio. He just my doctor called me a few weeks ago and said everything's normal. That's my Jesus. I didn't want no pacemaker. [Music] I can't take a heart that's broken and make it over again. Oh, but I I know a man who can. Well, I can't take a soul that's sin sick and make it white, white as snow. Oh, but I know a man who can help me worship that man, will you? Awesome. Call him Savior, the redeemer of all men. Oh, but I call him Jesus. You see, he's my dearest friend. Well, if you feel no one loves you and your life is out of hand, I know a man who can. I can't walk upon the water. I can't calm the raing sea. Oh, but I I know a man who [Applause] can. Well, I can't heal that old demon cancer. I can't make the lame walk again. Oh, but I Hallelujah. know a man who can help me sing it. Oh, call him Savior, the redeemer of all men. I call him Jesus. Oh, he's my dearest friend. [Applause] Well, if you feel your life is hopeless and your life is out of hand. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, a man who can help me sing it. will some call him savior, the redeemer of all men. I call him Jesus. Oh, he's my brother. Well, if you feel oh no one loves you and your life is out of hand, I know a man who can. Can we sing that chorus one more time? Will call him Savior, the redeemer of all men. man. But I call him Jesus. Oh, he's my closest friend. Well, if you feel Oh, no one loves you and your life is out of hand. Oh, I know a man who [Applause] can. Well, if you feel Oh, no one loves you and your life is out of hand. I'll tell you about a man who can [Applause] [Music] Desperate cries in the middle of the [Music] night. Weary from the same old fight. [Music] Shattered pieces all [Music] around. Oh God, please hear me [Music] now. How much longer till the victory comes? And he whispers. He whispers, "I am the healer when you need a touch. I am the mener when life comes undone." That's a promise. So don't give up. The deeper the pain, the stronger the love. Child, I know. Yes, I know how much broken is enough. [Music] So I'm holding to this thread of hope and I'll be still and know that God knows me inside out. So why should I doubt now? [Music] I'm going to trust the one who knows my heart. And he tells me, oh, he tells me, I am the healer when you need a touch. I am the mener when life comes undone. That's a promise. So don't give up. The deeper the pain, the stronger the love. Tell I know. Yes, I know how much broken is [Music] enough. He is tolerance the listening listening. I am listening. Though he's speaking, speaking. I am the healer when you need a touch. I am the mener when life comes undone. That's a promise. So don't give up. The deeper the pain, the stronger the love. Child, I know. Yes, I know. Child, I know. Yes, I know. How much broken is enough? [Music] [Applause] Um, maybe sometimes songs don't relate to you too much or different songs, but everybody can sing this little chorus this morning, even the little children. Yes, Jesus loves me. Let's sing this this morning. Oh yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. You can sing it louder than that. Oh yes, Jesus loves me. [Music] Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. Sing it one more time this morning. Oh yes, Jesus loves me. [Music] Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. You appreciate our youth choir this morning. Give them a hand. [Music] There are two roads. You may [Music] take one by side and one by faith. Take the word of God. What do you [Music] see? What you believe is what will be. your wings to the wind of pain. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle is by [Music] grace. Send your wings to the winds of faith. What's your need? What's your cry? What's your mountain that's much too [Music] high? Speak the word of God and by and by it will [Music] move. For you will fly your wings to the wind of you in a higher way. [Music] Send your wings to the winds of fame. [Music] Watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him right. is already in the sky. Set your wings to the wind. You can fly in a higher place. You're not my [Music] You can fly in a higher place. [Music] to the winds of [Applause] [Music] pain. Do not struggle is by grace send your wings to the winds of faith. [Music] [Applause] I'm sure it's hard for our minds to comprehend what it will be that day when all the saints of God down to the ages will gather together and stand. Millions and millions of people that have been redeemed by the grace of the Lord Jesus. No more pain, no more sickness, no more anxiety. There probably isn't hardly any people that have come today out of all the hundreds of people that are here and the thousands that'll be streaming around the world that don't have a burden on your heart, a worry, a trouble. You're anxious about something and concerned about something. You got a text, phone call, an email before church and you was in such a wonderful frame of mind and you read that text and it just did something to you on the inside. Maybe you got to church and you saw somebody that was troubled or sick. Carol and I pulled up around the parking lot there and to drop her off and I saw one of the sisters come into the church there and I saw her kind of crippling a little bit and trying to walk. It just made me feel so so troubled for her and sad. Why? Because we love one another. Amen. Aren't you glad there's a world where there is no more crippling, no more pain, no more trouble, no more anxiety? I don't know how you look at it, but to me, whatever I have to go through and whatever my life has to be tested by to get me ready for that world, I say, "Bring it on, Lord." And he'll bring it on in the right proportion. Amen. We greet you today in the name of the Lord Jesus. And it's an honor for us to be together in it once again in the house of God. Let's read second Peter if you would again today. The stature of a perfect man or woman is contained in these verses of scripture. It's so simple yet so profound. There's very few things in life that you and I deal with that are perfect. Your car, your truck, your house, your family, your church, your pastor, the deacon board, your job. On and on and on and on we could go. And how many things really do you and I deal with that are perfect? We're living in an imperfect world. It's flawed. But what I'm about to read to you today and share with you is scriptures that will bring us to an image of a perfect man and a perfect woman, which is a miracle within itself. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power. And notice where it comes from. Not from us learning, not memorization of scriptures and quotes, but according as his divine power, hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these that by these these promises you might be partakers of the divine nature. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, the capstone, the headstone of the entire building, the capping off of the church ages. is charity which is God's own love. I may like to be remembered today as we pray. Have a prayer call here today for Sister Linda Jablonsky and the need she has. Let's just take this before the Lord. Heavenly Father, we are so happy to be together today once again in your house. This is your house, Lord. It's dedicated to you for as long as we will need it. One day we know that Johnson City will become part of the rubble, part of the heap of ashes and destruction that will strike this nation. But Father, we're so glad that you have made a way of escape. You told us in your word in the book of Luke, pray ye therefore always that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass and stand before the son of man. So we pray today, Lord, may there not be a one of us that will be here when the sixth seal opens up overnight. It will be such a cataclysmic change upon the earth. It will be more than man can comprehend in their mind. Satan is in the background even this very morning while we are gathered together. Satan is getting his mechanics together. For he knows that when he's kicked out of heaven, he'll have it a very, very short time. So Lord, we pray may each of us make preparation. May there be none of our youth, none of our elders, none of us, Lord Jesus, that'll miss that precious, precious rapture. May we all be ready. You see this need today, Father, Sister Linda has, and we're asking you, Father God, for those that raise their hands, it signified something. Jesus, help them. Help me that I can be sensitive today to far the leading of the spirit of God. If there's a need that lays outside the confines of what I've studied, make me sensitive that I could go for a child of yours, a son or daughter, maybe no more than three or four words, something that would help them. That's what I'm here for today, Jesus, please help me. I pray, Father, we commit the service to you now in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. I'm not sure we still yet comprehend how God so resents pride and arrogance and being stuffed up in our self and feeling that there's something about us humanly that is superior to other people. Whether it be our rank in society, how much money we make, what kind of clothes we wear, we have brand labels and our shirts and our suits and on your sister's purses or if you have to go to Goodwill and pick them up secondhand. You see, pride was the very cause of Satan's fall in the beginning. It so transformed him from being an angel of light, day star, son of the morning. Lucifer was his name. And it's something that God never intended for the human race to ever deal with, but we all do one way or another. And there's probably people sitting here today that think that you don't have any pride whatsoever that you don't even deal with it. But you know, pride sometimes in the more deceitful ways are what brings so close to spiritual avenues and spiritual things about God. And people think they'd cast all that aside. You say, "What in the world has that got to do with the virtues?" pretty much everything. You see, there's something about us that once we're able to see what God has done and how God's illuminated us and helped us, then we have that constant challenge and balance in our life and what God has done and the favor that he's given us and helping us to stay little and small for the rest of our life in the gifts that he's trusted us with. And we've been looking about knowledge and how that God wants his children to be a partaker of divine knowledge, heaven-born knowledge, Holy Ghost knowledge. He called it several different things. And as we're at a season for several of our youth graduating from high school, and some of them going on to college, some being uh graduating from college. And if they ever needed an element of God's divine knowledge, they need it now for their lives. So which way do they go? What what do I choose? What's my vocation in life? Should I be a farmer? Should I be a painter? Should I be a plumber? Should I be this or that or the other? You sisters, you go to looking and thinking, "Well, what should I be? Should I go into business into secretary? Should I become this or that?" Then, of course, if you're not married, and you're thinking, "But Lord, I I need a boyfriend. I I need a girlfriend. And and I don't see anybody here in the church that I like, and there ain't nobody here good enough for me." And well, you really got a problem of pride, ain't you? So, you can see with all of these questions that the youth can have as well as us adults, we certainly need the knowledge of God about our lives. And then you get diagnosed as some type of horrible disease. And and then you're trying to find the knowledge of God for how do you approach it? Do you go by faith alone and say, you know what, I I'm not taking no treatment. I'm not I'm not taking no pain med. I'm not doing any of that sort of thing. I'm I'm looking by by faith alone. Well, that within itself is good except the prophet also told us that God gave us doctors and science and things like that to help us as well. How far do you go with it? Well, you don't always just need more faith because you believe God can do it, but sometimes it's more about the knowledge of God for your everyday life. just in being able to face life and to knowing which things to choose. Then when we come to our spiritual growth and the allotment that God's given to every one of us, wherever that is, we rank in different ranks of course and been able to find that place with God to where we never become arrogant and go to looking at ourselves and thinking how blessed we are. Now God wants us to acknowledge it, but God never wants us to tie the blessing of God to something that we are ourselves and that somehow it's meritorial that it's by our merits. Well, I prayed and I read my Bible a lot and I I've done this and I've done that and that's why God's giving me this. No, it's undeserving of all of us as far as it's the grace of God. Amen. So when Paul had this great visitation from the Lord and as far as writing it down in the scripture, this man went 14 years after that this experience had happened, which is quite phenomenal cuz God has a hard time trying to f find any man, any woman, much less a preacher that'll have an experience with him till he goes around telling everybody and their brother because he wants them to to know how much closer to God than they are and how much greater his experiences are with God and how much God talks to him so that he can make people around him feel less godly and less spiritual because God don't talk to them near as much as he does him. Now you see you may not define that as pride but God does. So no matter what God does for us and what gives us he gives us it's not because that any of us deserve it as far as deserving but Paul must have felt the release and the spirit of God and if you notice he doesn't place this in first Corinthians and second Corinthians was written about five years after first Corinthians was written. Why why God led Paul to put this in second Corinthians? We may never know because they certainly was not one of the more spiritual churches in the New Testament. They had fornication problems. They had adultery problems. They had gift problems. They had all kinds of major problems. If it had been me looking at it, I thought, you know what? I'd have shared this with the Ephesian church cuz they was one that was more mature or the Galatian church for several years, the church of Thessalonica. But for whatever reason, the Lord must have placed it on his heart to share it with the church at Corinth. And then he waits till the second book of Corinthians before he writes it. And then he no doubt he prayed over it. Lord, how should I say this? I don't want to say it in a way that would make them feel like I'm gloring in myself. Now you can read uh uh begin probably chapter 12 verse one just to read the entire unfolding of this and how he deals with it. And he sets this forth. He said less that I should glory in myself. Now by now Paul had already realized that a man that is given something from God, he's going to have quite a challenge the rest of his life from what God gives him. in the way that he relates to that to other people. Is he going to be able to take what God does for him and condescend and bring it to the people and share it with the people in such a way that it won't lift him up and it won't embarrass them or humiliate them. And it won't give him the big head and pride and so on, but he'll be able to bring it to them for the that they can understand it was actually for your benefit that God actually showed me anything. So Paul is now I I believe myself in looking at this timeline because God has a very important thing when it comes to time. Not necessarily just for him as much as it is for us. So he must have felt a relief about this and being able to to write this. So read with me if you would in 2 Corinthians 12:7. And last I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations. There was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me lest I should be exalted above measure. Now, this man, I'm sure y'all would agree with me that this man had the Holy Ghost. We agree with that. He was not only just a preacher, but a church age messenger. A man that God had bestowed such revelations that no other man in the New Testament or on down for almost 2,000 years would ever understand what the Med understood. But yet at the same time, he was still so much human and could get pride and arrogance because of the revelation that God had to let a devil, a demon out of hell, a demon out of hell that would come and torment this man of God. Now, it wasn't there daily. It wasn't there hourly or weekly. We don't know exactly how frequently that it would be, but it would come from time to time. And the prophet said it would buffet him and then it would leave him alone. Then it would buffet him and it would leave him alone. So it would hit him and then God would make it back off. No doubt God knew exactly when he would need it. And you think with a man like this that had this caliber of ministry, why in the world would he need that? Well, you just answered your own question because of the caliber of ministry that he had. Now, people think, well, you know, when God gives you so much, that automatically brings great humility. No, it does not. You see, humility is something that is divine. But it is also, it is also something the individual, the recipient of the grace of God has to humble themsel. God will never humble you or me or other people around the word of God to the extent that they need it done. God will humble us to a degree and then we are partnershiping with God when it comes to the work of humility. God alone will never do it. But he tells us humble yourself. Remember when the Lord was going to open the seven seals and the Lord dealt with the prophet and told him, "Humble yourself, sanctify yourself." So, there's something about humility that actually opens the door for more greatness of God. And the greater that we become in God, not in our own eyes, but in God, it should absolutely bring more humility to the recipients of that greatness. But what's so sad is for many people, the greater they become, the less humility they have. Now, God knew what Paul was going to experience from this time on. Now, first Corinthians, according to the historians, the way that they place uh the the timeline that the New Testament was written, 1 Corinthians was one of the first books of the New Testament. So, it was written around 60 AD actually before Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Now, you imagine the early church preached for almost 30 years without a New Testament. They didn't even have one. So don't think that they stood up and started preaching from Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John and Acts and all that. They didn't even have it. So Paul now one of the first ones to begin to write it. And the spirit of God told him, "Now I have much people in this city called Corinth." No doubt he needed that encouragement because they needed a lot of work. So God had to give Paul what he needed to help him. And then as God began to unveil the mystery of Christ that had been hid since the foundation of the world. Now think Paul is seeing things that the angels of God did not even know. So Paul is writing things in Ephesians, Philippians, Fleimon, Galatians, 1 and 2 Timothy, 1 and 2 Thessalonians, 1 and 2 uh Corinthians, and things that he was saying that the angels of God had never even heard of, much less having this heavenly experience in the presence of God. And yet God knew to counterbalance the abundance of the revelation that Paul was getting, he would need to be buffeted and whipped and hit and knocked down and humiliated over and over again. You mean the Holy Ghost don't do that? the Holy Ghost that gives us revelations and great understandings of the things of God. Somehow it don't just bring all the humility that we need with it. It does not. You see, this has been one of man's greatest battles is when God would use him being able to humble himself after being a recipient of the grace of God. That might seem peculiar and strange to you, but myself, I desire only the allocation or the allotment of whatever God has for me. I I don't want to stand in anybody else's position. I don't want what's your part or yours or yours. I want only what God wants for me. I'll never be great. Done. Accepted all that years and years ago. I'll never amount to much. That's perfectly fine with me because if I'm not ordained to walk where other great men walk, I'm endangering my own life and my own walk with God by trying to move into a caliber that I'm not called to be. And let me say to you, each one of you, it's exactly the same way for yourself. Now then Paul in verse 8, he says that for this thing I besought the Lord thrice that I that it might depart from me. So this would be the natural thing to do. You're a preacher of deliverance and you see God cast out devils and heal the sick and you're spiritual enough to know that this thing is bothering you. It's a demon out of hell and you know that. So humanly it wouldn't make sense really for you to look at and think, well there's no way this is the will of God for this to be here and aggravate me. It just don't make no sense. I'm a preacher of deliverance. I cast out devils. I lay hands on the sick and and it leaves them. So, I'm going to ask God for the same thing for me. That's what we probably all would do. So, Paul did as a normal delivering preacher would do. And he said unto me, "My grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly, therefore, will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. But now, listen to this. How sly that Satan is. Watch this. And how can I overcome? You see, sometimes Satan can take you when you think that you're doing the will of God and can make you a proposition and you'll fall for it. So when you think you're in the will of God, doing what God wants you to do, and you're walking in harmony, so you believe, with God's will for your life, and Satan will sneak in and make you a proposition, and you'll fall for it. So, do we need more face when that happens? Do we need more virtue? Probably not. Do we need more temperance, more brotherly kindness? Probably not. Probably what we need is knowledge, divine knowledge. Now, so Satan then can set a trap for sons, daughters of God, preachers, ministry, and leoty alike. And while they're in the will of God and doing the will of God, and they're so convinced that they're attaining one victory after another after another, and then Satan will make them a proposition. And they will look at it. Yes. And they will think it's God. Help us, Jesus. How many has he ever done that to? Well, I guarantee if he ain't, he will. Now, watch how the prophet deals. To me, this is so profound. He said, "Now, let's just take very next paragraph, let's just take like our sisters. They're pretty. And he can get you to a place that you let your hair grow out and you didn't realize it looks so nice on you." Wow. And the first thing you know, you kind of get to feeling a little stuck up, a little above something else. I I find that amazing because hair and looks and appearance, of course, it's it's a big thing for our sisters and it should be. There's nothing wrong with him being pretty. The prophet uses the word pretty, but just don't use the world to make yourself pretty. But then the thing which would have started out for many of our sisters being a reproach to their family and their friends that they would start letting their hair grow out and become long and their friends would say now your hair will definitely be more healthy if you'll trim them ends off of it and if you'll catch you some bangs because with the profile of your face it would look much better if you had bangs and you know this and that and the other around the front and then maybe you really battle that and then you get beyond that and say, "Oh, I don't I ain't worried about that no more. I I I'm beyond that right now. I want to do what the Lord wants me to do. If there's any question in my mind, I ain't trimming it. I ain't doing this. No, there ain't no way I'm doing it." Then what does Satan do? He changes his tactics by the way he comes before you. And then you'll stand in the mirror and look at yourself and look at your hair, how beautiful it is. And even people out here in the world, they may laugh at us and make fun of us, but there's something about a man, and I I've been around with my own wife and my daughters and my granddaughters and all their long hair, and you look at men as they will look at them, and they may not say one thing, but they look at that hair. There's just something about that hair. Is that right? You know, a woman that goes into a barber shop and she winds up getting her hair cut as about as short as mine is. There ain't nothing feminist about that. If they are, then I'm feminist cuz look at my hair. Look at your brother's hair. So, there's nothing feminist about a woman's hair. Cut her off, buddy. Give me a haircut. There ain't nothing womanly about that. I can tell you right now. But even worldly men will look at a woman's hair and there's something about it that strikes it. I just came, you know, Carol and I um went over to Switzerland to the meeting. So we we flew into several different countries going over and coming back. Wouldn't you know it, true to form, every restroom that I went to, whether it was in Geneva or Paris or the different airports that we was at looking for the bathroom, you know, they might have French on the door, they might have some other language on the door, but there's an international symbol on every one of those. And what is that symbol? It is a woman with a dress on for the women and it is a man with pants on for the men. So you see every nation on the earth will be judged because they know their self which door they're supposed to go into. Nature itself tells them. They don't even need a Bible. And the church said, "But is it amazing then that Satan would try to bother the sisters initially and then as they let their hair grow out and people would begin to compliment them. Oh, your hair is so beautiful. Your hair is so beautiful." And our sisters hear it. Carol, I know Carol's heard it. Alicia's heard it. My daughter Erica heard it. My granddaughters hear it. Sisters from the church. Your hair is so beautiful. Such beautiful young ladies. And you go to restaurants and they look at it and and they and they see it and then Satan will do what? He'll change his tactic. It's no longer that you wow, you know, it's it's a reproach and I'm I'm so laughed at because of my long hair. Now watch what he says. For instance, our sisters that they're pretty and you can get to a place, you let your hair grow out and you didn't realize it. It looks so nice on you. And the first thing you know, you kind of get a little feeling, a little stuck up, a little something else. Some of you men, you know what I mean? You can take the same thing and proposition it with you. That's right. You've got to overcome that. So, isn't it amazing? You overcome the bobbed hair uh facet of your life and you overcome that initial stage of your life. And then as you go on to become a more mature daughter of God, then Satan will totally transition and try to make you a proposition with what? Pride. Oh, pride. That you become proud. And yet at the same time, the only reason that you're even wearing that hair, if you're a daughter of God, is because God helped you to realize that's what he wants you to do. Ain't that right, sisters? That's what he wanted you to do. So, he's the one who gave you his word. He's the one who gave you your desire to do it. And then Satan wants to raise up an element of pride in your heart for what God gave you the ability to do. So every preacher that stands and preaches, every God called man, if he's really called of God, God gave him the gift in himself to be able to study and put things together and be able to become anointed and stand and preach. And if he's not careful, then people will turn in a prayer request. Brother so and so prayed for me. I got healed in this man's meeting and this man done this and this man and that man and that man and that man. And if he's not careful, he'll go to listening to all of that and thinking within himself, "Oh my Oh, my God is using me in such a way. Oh boy, our church is busting at the scene." I'll tell you what, I'm I'm just I'm this, I'm that. And where did you get all that? From your daddy, I suppose your great uncle, your grandfather, your grandmother was a great woman preacher, and you become a great man preacher. What do any of us have to stick our chest out about? That's right. Amen. But yet spiritual pride can lead to damnation of the soul. Lord, amen. This experience would have ruined Paul's earthly ministry had God not given thorns with the revelation. Anybody ever got thorns with yours? Oh my. Yes, sir. Now, watch. He says, this is amazing to me in the way that he just focuses it this way. Remember, you're living for God. You have one objective. One objective. Our life would be so much simpler if we just kept one. But we've got 1,389,432 and then one more after church, probably. But if we would simplify our life down to one objective, how much more peace we'd have? how much more joy we'd have. And that's Jesus Christ. Outside of that, there's nothing else counts. And word of life said, nothing else counts. That's him. Then secondly, for your family. Amen. Then thirdly for yourself, but first for God, next for your family, and next for you. You're number three. That's the end of the road. Put yourself last. And this is why he did. Amen. Amen. How many needs help? Uhhuh. Well, God bless the rest of you that's already there. Pray for the rest of us. We're on our way and we are going to get there by the grace of God. So God first, your family second, and you last. Now, if we would keep that divine order in our lives, I guarantee you would minimize a lot of the things that would go through. But what I find amazing now is that God had to deal with a man full of the Holy Ghost to keep him down from becoming arrogant and proud and bragging and boastful about what? Revelations of God. Revelations of God. Mysteries of God. A an experience with God that nobody else in the New Testament ever had. As a matter of fact, not another human being that ever walked on the face of the earth ever had this kind of experience. This is the only man. But the problem with that is this goes to thinking about it. Yes, sir. So there's nobody like me. Wow. How great I am. How great I am. Sometimes you might as well sing it that way cuz that's the way you view yourself. You think church ought to go around you. You think the singing ought to be the way you want it. This ought to be the way you want it. When you become the almighty, we will. But until you do, we ain't going to. And I don't figure there's much of chance of that happening in the near future within the next 10,000 years. You're going to be like all the rest of us. That's right. But then when you look at an Old Testament figure that the prophet used over and over again in the influence sermons, and that was King Uzziah. A good man, a man that loved God, a man that had a great beginning, a man that had a real divine allotment of God, a portion that hardly anybody else ever received from the Lord. And yet this man come to a spot because of where he was. Gifts of God. Gifts of God. Notice the prophet said, "This king got along fine until he found out until he found out that all the nations was fearing him." I wonder how in the world he found that out. People in his kingdom telling him. Now, you see, most preachers never start out that way on their own, but it will be from people, especially if it's a pastor. If it's people sitting in his congregation and every time they get around him, they go to butter him up. They go to tell him, "Boy, there ain't nobody preaching what you're preaching. You're the only one." On they go. And then he'll go to sinking about it. Oh, he'll go to sinking. My you reckon that's true? I wonder how many views we had last Sunday. I wonder how many YouTube views that we've got. And then he'll check his views and then go over and check brother so and so's views. Oh my. We we three times bigger than them. Help us Jesus. Amen. We need divine knowledge. You see, knowledge of God will help you as soon as that goes to coming across in your mind. That ain't nothing but the devil. Praise the Lord. But I reckon I'm going to have to preach and say amen too. Now notice the prophet said that the king got along fine until he found out all the nations was fearing him. He become largely populated. His kingdom got built up. So a church or a ministry if it's a preacher and he got lifted up in his heart with pride. Now remember this is what caused Satan's fall. Satan didn't smoke a cigarette in heaven and God kicked him out. He didn't commit adultery in heaven. He didn't drink in heaven. But he got to looking at himself and realizing there's not another angel in heaven as great as I am. Sin began in the heart of Lucifer when he said, "I will be like the most high. I will be like God. There's the origination of sin. Pride, arrogance in the heart of a heavenly being. Now friends, I don't mind telling you when you and I look at what we are and the look at what he was, none of us have ever been what Lucifer was. That's right. And the church said, "But what got him?" Pride. You see, I'm I'm just a big man now. That's the way out. The prophet said, "The way up is down." How do you know which way is up or down? Cuz if the world stand in space, how do you know which is up or down? So always he that humbles himself, God will exalt. He that exalts himself, God will bring to a base. He'll bring him down. Always keep humble. This is the key right here for every person that claims to be a Christian and be little in your own sight. So if millions of people would be around you bragging on you and lifting you up and telling you all kinds of things, it wouldn't affect you one bit. Amen. Unless you begin to think the same thing. Amen. Praise the Lord. No matter what God does for you, just see how much more humbler you can be all the time. More God blesses you, you just keep getting more humble all the time. And he can continue to bless. Wow. That don't make any sense. so humanly does it that the more God does and we shouldn't. Shouldn't we tell everybody? Shouldn't we brag about it? Shouldn't we exalt oursel and start looking down on other people? And what we're doing is just winding oursel away from the blessing of God when we go that way. So it's the more God blesses us and the more humble we gets. And the more he blesses us, the more humble we get. And the more he blesses us, the more humble we get. then that is the equation for God to continue blessing you for the rest of your entire life. It will never stop. Amen. Notice he said, "But when you get to a place you think I've got it, you haven't got it. You're on your road out. Dear God, you lose your influence. You lose the strength of your testimony. Now, to preachers get in this shape, do they stop preaching immediately? Of course not. They keep right on preaching, keep right on doing whatever they're doing, but their strength of their testimony among the people of God is getting less and less and less because the people notice a change. They notice something. It seems to be more about him and his this and his that and his something else. Church today is not about me. No, church today is not about our deacon board and our nice building that the Lord's given us. It's about our God and his mercy. Amen. I don't know about you, I come to church today with needs. And this building can't meet a one of them. I come to church today with things on my heart and things I need from God. They're in a person sitting here today that can meet those needs for me. Anybody the same way? There's only one being in this place that can help me today. That's the Lord God. So why should I focus on you? Why should I focus on me? Why should I focus on our building and this and that and the other? Let's focus on the only source that we can be helped by today and the rest of our lives. I want you to notice how that the prophet takes this. It's really sad because a lot of the preachers in that day and even worse to say a lot of preachers in this day did not listen carefully to the sermons called influence or they would have stayed away from their own downfall. So many today, now watch, he doesn't just limit it to a preacher. You take a family of people and they'll start going to church and God will heal the little family. He'll bless them. Notice this. And give them the Holy Spirit in their lives. And the little children will pray around the table. And they'll pray before they go to bed. Mother and father will join hands and pray. And as long as they continue like that, they'll stay a family. But you let them. The first thing you know, they didn't have nothing. an old junk car and maybe riding around in it or maybe walking. Finally, they get a good car and a better home and the first thing you know they want to get what the world calls a better class to associate with. They move into a different neighborhood and in there they find out they become influenced by the wrong influence. You must always stay where the kingdom of God is and where the glory of God is pouring out. Stay where you can be spiritually fed day and night. And the church said, "Then the first thing you know, separations come in the home and worldliness and they got lifted up." Oh, how many families have I seen in the message of the hour in their own church and watch God heal them, save them, stir their hearts toward him. They get a little money and they do this and do that and the other. Then they start, you know, getting more of the world and more of this. How many have said in our church that are gone today don't even serve God no more. And yet God turned their life around and deliver them and heal them and bring them to a place, oh, I'll tell you one thing. I'd rather be as poor as Job's turkey and have to stand on the side of the road as a pan handler than I would to be so stinking rotten, filthy, rich and get so cold and lay it of sin. Come on, somebody preach with me this morning. I pray God helps every one of us that we stay where God can use us. Amen. Humble, small. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Oh my. Again, he's talking about the king. Stay where you can be spiritually fed. And he said they get lifted up. Uzziah did that. He got lifted up much pride in what? The work of God. Amen. That's right. Now pride. He got lifted up and he thought, "What a great fellow I am." There's only one I am you need to be talking about that way. And it ain't you. It ain't me. And it ain't nobody else but him. What a great fellow I am so much. He got lifted up till he tried to take the place of a minister. He goes into the temple which took picked up the sensor of fire went into the altar of incense. Now that was only consecrated men to do that. Now as I've told you before, so say I again. Businessmen are not preachers. Amen. It's very very sad that a lot of the message churches still don't follow this pattern of God's prophet. And you remember it'll be this same message that'll condemn you at the day of judgment. You businessmen around the message that are trying to run the churches trying to set the preachers down and press play. Oh yeah. So businessmen can run the church. It come from hell. It will go back to hell. It is antirist. It's against God's word. Oh my goodness. Wow. Notice he said, "Now, you're the prophet, of course, was a a a spokesman for the full gospel businessman." And he kept warning them over and over again because the businessmen were money makers and this and that and another. They wanted to do something for God. And God used that. They become actually a place where brother Brandham could bring some of his great sermons cuz a lot of churches wouldn't have nothing to do with it. And brother Carl Williams was in charge of it. And as long as brother Carl was alive, Brother Brandham had a place to preach. So he'd be able to go and preach things the churches wouldn't let him preach and God used him. But he had to start warning them early on because the businessmen wanted to get up and take charge of the service and run the service. And they begin to do this and do that and the other. Oh my. As I've said before, so I say again, businessmen are not preachers. We preachers have enough time to try to keep this thing straight. Let alone businessmen. You all are businessmen, not ministers. And don't take the place of one because you're not called for such. Now, this is what I love about the prophet's preaching. He has an ideal time right now to say if you want to be in the perfect will of God, you should press play anyhow. Not only should the businessmen not preach, but preachers should not preach. He has a perfect opportunity, brother John, to say, "Now look, this is the plan of God right here in the future. God don't want no preaching pastors, no preaching evangelists. So the perfect will of God is press play." But you know what? He didn't say that. You know why? He was a word prophet. And he come to restore our hearts back to the original apostolic doctrine. I don't know if you understand it yet or not, but a lot of the message people have never been and never will be restored back to the apostolic faith because they believe Brother Brandham come to introduce something totally completely new. Well, if he did, he was a false prophet. Come on, children. If he come to introduce something new that was different than Paul, he could not fulfill Joel 2. He could not fulfill Malachi 4. He could not fulfill Matthew 17. Come on, somebody preach with me today. But Elijah was to come to restore or turn our hearts back to the faith of the fathers, not bring something new. Oh hallelujah. [Applause] Oh my. This king though being a godly man as he was godly. He felt self sufficient. He felt like he could hoist himself up in pride. What he could just take over and do whatever he wanted to do. Nobody else. He had to ask. Oh my. Uhoh. My But remember, we're always under God. God is our God. And we find out he got lifted up. And he got so lifted up till he thought that because he'd been blessed of God, he could take a minister's place. Let me tell you, there's another danger, my friends. that's going on around the world. Pastors, evangelists, teachers are stepping into the prophets place. So pastors are becoming interpreters of the word. Evangelists becoming interpreters of the word, stepping out of their position and trying to stand in the pulpit. Well, we know brother Brown taught it this way, but this ain't the way we believe it at our church. You understand what you just heard? Then men who are doing that are standing in the office of a divine interpreter of the written word. They're just as much out of the will of God as King Uzziah was. And if they don't stop it, death will follow. I'm not called to interpret the word. The rest of the ministry in our church is not called to interpret the word. I'm called to preach what has already been interpreted. Come on, somebody. What is a prophet? A divine interpreter of the written word. Not a pastor. Amen. So what? Use took a sensor and went in. And what's lots of preachers in the message doing? taking the Bible. Taking their Bible. Well, I know Brother Rim said this year, you know, I know all that, but now this is the way we're doing our church. You can do your church any way you want to. You can turn it into a hog pin if that's what you want to do. But if you want God there, you got to stay straight on the word. Listen, God don't initially leave when people start off the word. God don't initially leave. He'll stay there and deal with you, deal with you, deal with you. It's in the matter of time that it grieves the spirit of God. We don't want the spirit of God grief from our church, do we? We want a church that believes the word, that preaches the word, and obeys the word, and talks the word, and lives the word, and is becoming the word. Notice this in the Perameian church age. I find this statement astounding. Too often when men are signally signally used of the Lord, they become lifted up with pride. Signally used divine knowledge would warn them as soon as they feel that whisper in their heart. But of course, we're more concerned about gifts. We're more concerned about faith. It's apparent most of us need a whole lot more divine knowledge. Amen. Amen. Can I go on a little more? Yeah. Now, this is amazing because God does something that the human being just just can't comprehend. We try to make our our weaknesses. We make excuses for them and we will put them well this is the very reason why God can't do that. So God, help me to get that out of the way. And God, I'll present to you about myself what is good, what is usable. I I I'll give to you. I'll give to you the thing that you can use at Lord. Do you understand? You understand what I'm saying, Lord? I mean that I've got things about me that's, you know, it's just weaknesses and it's failures and so on, but I've got things about me that are phenomenal. I mean, I've got things about me that are so great. Would you like to hear them, Lord? Oh, amen. That's the truth. Long story short, God says, "I don't want your strengths." Actually, what I want to do the job with is your weaknesses, which makes no sense to us. Watch this. If you haven't listened to this in a while, do you good to listen to it? Perfect strength to perfect weakness. We try to make weaknesses, our weaknesses, excuses. We want to tell how big we are and how great we are. And I think that's one of the things God gave me the text for was to get that out of our mind. Now, this is 1961. Here we are 2025. Apparently, at least somebody other than me need to hear today. Of course, the Lord could have told me this down the basement whenever I studying and saved all y'all this whooping. So, one of the brothers asked me yesterday about the service today. Said, "You're going to use a whip tomorrow or a belt?" I said, "Both. with me, Lord. With me, Lord. Beat all my foolishness out. Beat all the nonsense out of me. Beat all the all the old junk out of me till you can use something for the glory of God. There's there's little things that we do, and there's what we come to church for. Now listen, it's to find out where our faults is. Amen. That's right. Now, how many of your brothers told your wife today, "Honey, we're going to church today and I'm going to find out what my fault is." And she probably said, "Glory to God. Glory to God." Is this why we come to church? Mama, that's why we come to church for to find where our faults is and things that we might better ourselves by. If we come to church for any other objective than this, I'm afraid we don't get too much out of coming to church. Wow. We must come to find our weaknesses, find our bad places. See, see how little we are. So I wonder how many folks in Johnson City, Kingsport, Bristol, the surrounding areas come to church today to find out how little they were. And how many of the preachers when they got done preaching? So a lot of them probably already done by now. Uh they and then they got done they said, "Man, I was about this big when he started. I was about that big when he got halfway through and I got plumbed down here. I don't know. I don't know if I can do anything or not." Say, "Glory to God. Wasn't that awesome, man? I found out I am so good. I am so great. My potential is unlimited. I can be anything I want to be. Whatever I want to be. I'm an American. I'm an a Christian. I can take the word. I've got the power. I can say what I want to say according to the Bible. Say what you will and it'll be granted to you. That is what the Bible says. But you've got to have a nature and a character before God can drop that scripture in your heart. Yeah. Anybody ever said things that never happened a bit more than a man in a moon? Come on now. The word ain't a liar. Our character must match the power that we're trying to tap into. See how little we are and we put our trust in somebody that's strong. There's so many of us that likes to testify, likes to think though we're insufficient. And therefore we make that an excuse. I have no education. I have no ability. I'm not I'm unable to do this. If you keep that up and do it in that way, keep going like that, you can't mount to anything. There you go. But the very thing we make excuses by our weaknesses, God uses that very thing to tackle the job with, which is the things we all despise about ourselves. That's the very reason he chooses us because we're in that condition. Well, glory to God. Now that sounds strange, you'll cue but a few minutes we'll get to the reason of it. of God being willing. We find out just as we've been reading that weaknesses and rejections that those people who are the weakest rejected by the outside world is God's heroes. That conqueror up in the front line, that conqueror in the front line takes those who feel themselves unworthy. Praise the Lord. There's hope for me. Notice that it takes the weakest and the rejected. Practically every hero God ever had on the front line was that type of a person. Amen. A person that was rejected. A person that thought he was insufficient. a person that had no ability at all. Amen. Then that person's just in good shape. Praise God. They're in good shape. They just come to God said, "God, I ain't got nothing. I ain't smart. Didn't graduate high school." I told some of the kids yesterday that had the graduation party or I said, "Some of y'all done what I never did do. I didn't graduate from high school. I'd probably been better preacher five, right? Y'all think I need to go back to school. I'm too old now. There ain't no way. So people that didn't amount to nothing, people look at them and say, "Oh my goodness, who in the world would ever think a shepherd boy out there shouting at a hollering and a carrying on playing his little harp out there would ever become a giant slayer?" Who ever sought a man by the name of Noah? And the prophet of God said, Noah was a man that had no certain ambitions. Had nothing that he was looking forward to in life. Had nothing he was planning for. But God said, "If I can line you up with my ambitions, you'll save the world." Oh my. But we saying, "Boy, it's got to be some polished so and so out of this, that another look. How does he part his hair? He may not have a hair on his head, but if God wants to use him, God will transform him and make him an instrument to pull sinners to the power of Jesus Christ. It may be a woman that people say, "Oh, she's got a terrible past. Yeah, one of my sisters had a terrible past." You know her as the woman at the well. She had a lot of problems when it come to being husband, but the Lord Jesus planted a seed down inside of that woman. She had no honor. She had no reputation. She had no influence among the world. Her testimony has been preached over and over again around the world. Thousands and millions of people have been affected by a nobody. [Applause] But if we're not careful, we will come to God as nobody's. And then something happens to us. Then we begin to think we're somebody's. Then our opinion, our arrogance, our pride takes away the very thing that brought us to God in the first place. Oh my, help us Jesus. Then that person's in good shape. So God can start accusing. When they feel like they they can't, they haven't got nothing. That's when God can take a hold of them and do something with them. But when we are thinking we're able to do it, then God can't use us because we're wanting to do it ourselves. Ourselves. And there's one thing we've got to master. If we expect to fulfill God's desire in our lives, this ought to be on your refrigerator, on your steering wheel, on your gear shift, on your speedometer, on your iPhone, your droid. It ought to be imprinted in your soul. We have to master the thought of human ability. If we ever get to a spot where we think we can do it with our own intelligence and our own abilities, we've got to master that in such a way that we can get rid of the thing and lay it aside so God can use us. There's so many of us, oh my God, help us that likes to think that we're insufficient. Therefore, we make that an excuse. I have no education. Oh, yeah. I have no ability. I can't do this. I can't do that. Oh, if I could do this. And God said, "You're my hero." You didn't know that you're my hero. But God ain't got nothing. He said, "That's why you're my hero." Because you realize you don't have nothing. But the truth of it is, you may have all kinds of abilities. You may have all kinds of things you could do to help God out. Paul did. Paul had all kinds of things he could attribute it to the work of God, but he said they're worthless. Worthless that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Well, I don't know if I could ever get over this. I'm one day I'm I'm going to give my whole whole life to God if I can ever get under control and and if I could if I could learn more about the Bible and if I could learn more about the message and uh and if if I could be a better person and if I could maybe one day I I'll get good enough where I could sing in the choir and and I want to give God everything. Why don't you just come to him as you are today? Oh yeah. Amen. With your whole heart. Maybe you can't carry a tune in a lard bucket. Anybody know what a lard bucket is? Some of you. Well, it's a bucket you carry lord in. Anybody know what lard is? The Bible says, "Make a joyful noise to the Lord." You may be on key, off key, out of key. Man, I don't even know what key you even sang there. I'd rather give my best to the Lord than say, "Well, I'm going to wait till I get to heaven. Not me. I'm going to sing off key, out of key, in key, wrong key. I'm going to worship him. I'm going to praise him." Come on, somebody. I want to give him my all. I'm not waiting till I get perfect to preach. I'm not waiting until I become perfect. My goodness, I've given my whole life for it. What good would it do me to say, "Well, I think I'm going to resign for a while and I'm going to learn how to become the perfect preacher and then I'll come back and then I'd be about the age of Methusa and all y'all done been gone and dead. You have roam around the wheelchair and I'd be mentally gone. So, I figure I better just go ahead and preach and give God all that I have and get out of the way and be able to speak to you. What about you? You want me to do that? I want you to do the same. Give him your all. Give him your heart. He don't just want your wallet. He wants you. Let me close. God passes the nobles. and gets the weakness. God passes those that think there's something to take somebody that don't know nothing to order to work his purpose in their life. God said to Paul, "My strength is perfect in your weakness." Listen to this. My strength becomes more perfect as you become more weaker. More you yield to me, the better I can use you. Hallelujah. And the more you acknowledge it, now you see there's an element of us that we can say, "I'm no good. I ain't no count. I I know I can't do nothing for God." But many times that's this saying that. But when from your heart you get to that spot, I've seen it in preaching. I've also seen it in prayer lines. And virtue will start leaving me and other brothers. You watch them too when they're doing it. And the spirit of God, it's amazing. is they're getting weaker, the spirit of God will come in and there'll be more healings at the end of that than there was where you was praying in your own strength. You're praying and boy, I mean, you're I mean, you're giving and you're doing everything that you can. You want God's people to be helped so bad and you feel it little at a time. It's depleting. It's going out of you. Eyes are start crossing. I've always had this that God gave me when I was a Pentecostal preacher. When I'm getting out so far into the anointing, I start seeing blue streaks across my eyes, fire flashes like this right up to here. I know it's time. I better get out or they're going to pack me out. But what's amazing is as you go to getting weaker, things will rise higher. You're getting out of the way cuz it ain't the force. It ain't the force of your voice. It's not the power of your voice or the strength of your body. But God is just using you and flowing through you. Oh no. And when you say, "Oh no, oh no." I'm getting weaker. I'm getting weaker. I'm getting weaker. And God said, "All right, now I'll start doing the work." Hallelujah. If we can realize we cannot produce this message ourselves. We cannot ever produce a rapture, the weaker we get. Hallelujah. I ain't talking about sin. I'm talking about weakness in our own ability. Let's stand together. Let me read you this paragraph here of 118. I'm sharing with you today heavenly knowledge. Here's something to console us. Here's something that encourages. Out of weakness and humility, God chooses the people to build his kingdom out of. If we ever get to heaven and if we ever stand in the presence of God with his church, we'll stand in a bunch of people that's been weak and rejected and cast out by the world and know it nothings, which is the opposite of course of a knowit all. Isn't it strange that God likened us to sheep? And a sheep is the most helpless thing there is. There's nothing so insufficient as defense than the sheep. A rabbit can run. A squirrel can get in a tree. A dog can bite. A lion can tear. A horse can kick. A bird can fly. But a sheep stands helpless. That's the way God wants us. Realize that we are totally insufficient. Then God takes that person. Listen, these words, friends, they're profound. And begins to mold himself. Now, not just dos and don'ts. Don't take the virtues as dos and don'ts. God begins to mold himself. With what? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience. God molds himself into that person and makes his hands do what God would have his hands to do. Makes his lips speak what God's lips would speak because they're not his, they're God's. Amen. He begins to build a character. He begins to take this weakness and to make his own self. Anybody want that in your life more than anything else in this world? This is bride right here. Rapturing material. Look at all the brides revival so-called that we've had through the years of the message. All the doctrines, all the great things that's happened, supposedly great, and they all pointed to one man. Then this one man, everybody rallied around him. And then guys that were his favorites, he would send them out to here and there and there. Sometimes there'd be two or three of them. Where are they all today? Where's all them great brides revivals? And what's it producing? Unless you come to our church, unless you believe what we believe. I'll tell you one thing now. This is the bride right here. And we got our buddy. And if you're going to be in the bride, you got to come and say what we say. And we're going to tell you what to say cuz we know what's right. And and you don't. You're ignorant. You're just ignorant. And you you got to listen to us. I don't want that stuff myself. I want to know what he's got to say. Yeah. This is what I hear him say, Donnie. Let me mold myself in you. I'm good at excuses. Oh boy. I've got them down. I've always had them since a boy. Yeah. When you start preaching when you're a boy, I guess you're going to, you know. Oh, yeah. I'm better around him now than I was when you first called me. I gave him all the reasons why I couldn't preach. But now I've been around a lot longer. I've got a whole lot better reasons now why I can't preach. Cuz I'm too old. Nobody said amen to that. What's yours? What's yours? Kisses. We've all got them. You might as well admit it. Yeah. Well, if it wasn't for brother Harvey, I'd be closer to God. Well, what should we do? Vote Brother Harvey out and tell him to stay home. What if it wasn't for my wife? What if it was if it wasn't for It's the music. It's the It's the music. Let's just be honest. It's us. You're looking at the reason today why your pastor is no closer to God than he is. Keep on here. Right here's the reason. Yes. Anybody else honest enough to say, "Why do you hunger, children? Why do you thirst? It's the father trying to make it known to you. But you let so many things of life, business and working and going here and doing this and doing that, just get in the way. bow rich if you would. Heavenly Father, we bow our heads to the dust of the earth from once our bodies were taken. If time goes on long enough, we'll all go back to that. Lord Jesus, we believe that there will be a people on the earth that will defy death and they will be changed. I trust today that I believe with all my heart that I'm one of those that will be a part of this bride. Whether I go by the way of the grave or I'm alive, it doesn't matter. Whatever your will is for my life, it's what I want. But I believe I'm preaching to people that are that same type of people that we read about here in your word. We have our faults and our failures and somehow we're we're really good at just putting it off. That commitment of our whole heart and soul waiting for this. Most of us started when we were kids. Well, when I get to the eighth grade, I I'll do it. Then we start at high school. Well, it's too hard right now until I get out of high school. Then when they get out of high school, then they've got a career looking in front of them and they go to ETSU or they go here, there, there. So, well, once I get out of college, I'll give God everything. I just can't do it now. I've got so many so many studies and I've got so much to do. and they get their degree and they get a good job and then they just simply change the excuse. Well, now I've I've got to make a living. I'm a man and I I want to I want to have a place. I want to get married. I want to have a family, but I've got to work hard. I've got to get my position. I've got to get everything ready. Help us, Lord. Why would we delay one more day after hearing this today? Help us, Jesus. Lord, help me. I've got a list of excuses a mile long. Lord, I as young as I used to be. I don't like to travel like I used to. I've got a lot of scars. I've been lied on, cheated, treated like a dog, and this that and the other. And none of them hold water. And all you say is, "Give me all you have, Donnie." That's what you're sent to these young people today. You understand their schedule. You understand going to school. You understand all of that. But help them to realize you will take even the time of them driving from home to school of a morning. Instead of listening to a talk show, instead of listening to some kind of something or another on the radio which benefits them nothing, you will take that time, that 12, 15 minutes, 20, whatever it is, soon as they pull out of their driveway and they go to talking to you, Jesus, I love you today. I need your help, Lord. I've got these tests and things, but Lord, really, I just want to say it ain't math is not my issue. Algebra isn't my issue. I need to learn how to surrender. Father, oh, if they only knew what that meant to you. You loved Israel so much that you had Moses to build a tent, a tabernacle, so you could come down among them and just listen at them talk. You wanted to hear the farmer talk about his crops. You wanted to hear the mother talk about her children and the sicknesses and things as Den was in the home and how to make better bread. You heard the priests talking about the sacrifice and the men going down to the farmers market. You loved it cuz you love being with human beings, especially those who love you back. Help us, Jesus. We confess to you today. We have a whole train load of weaknesses. All kinds of reasons why you shouldn't even love us. Why you shouldn't even use us. All kinds of reasons why we could never be able to do it. But Lord, we want to lay all that before your throne today and say, "Take us, Lord Jesus. Use us, Father." instead of bringing you Lord why I can't do it. I just want to say to you today, Father, if there's anything I can do to help your people, help me. There's anything these youth can do, these adults, our church, help us, Lord. Help us to surrender everything we are to you. Father, would you take your hand and lay over on the person standing by you? I want you to think some of our youths are standing here today and they're facing very difficult things in their life. Some of they got family members that's battling for their life. Maybe others are they got brothers, sisters, siblings, whatever that's they're troubled for them because they can see the direction they're going. They're not closer to God. are getting farther away. Friends, maybe young people that used to sit here with us and you've got them on your heart today because they've become cold and indifferent. Let's just offer a word of prayer for each other, shall we? Brother John, would you come up my brother and pray for the people? Hallelujah. While you're praying for them, I want you to put your hand on me. Pray for me as well. Oh Lord Jesus. Yes, dear God. Father, how timely your word is, Father. Help us, Lord, today. Oh Lord Jesus, how we're thankful, Lord Jesus, that you speak to our hearts, Lord. Father, oh Father God, you see what my brothers, my sisters, Lord Jesus, are going through, Lord, the purpose. Father God, we know that your word never misses, Lord. Oh, Father God, I pray for my brothers and sisters, Lord, that they would be able to see, Lord Jesus, that you're the only hope. You're the only good thing that we have, Lord. And we lean on you, Lord Jesus. Make us small in our own eyes, Lord. Oh, Father God, help us to see, Lord Jesus, that you're the only good thing in our lives, Lord, that that can can make stuff happen. Father, I pray Lord Jesus for my brethren. Help him, Lord Jesus, never to get Lord to a place where you can't use him, where he thinks he's something, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, you're our all in all, our everything, Lord Jesus. And we know, Lord Jesus, that the only way we can ever become something, Lord, is become so small, Lord Jesus. Oh, but Father God, we all have this flesh. We all have this thing about us, Lord. Oh, Father God, we pray that we put it aside, Lord, and look unto you, Lord Jesus, the author and the finish of our faith, Lord. Not only the author and the finisher of our faith, Lord, but of our knowledge, Lord, and our our loving kindness. All these things, Lord, that we know that they're gifts that come from you, Father. And Lord Jesus, we can't become anything, Father, without without looking to you, without knowing, Lord Jesus, that that it's going to take you. Father, I pray you'd be with us and help us, Lord, use us according to your will, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, help us to become small, Lord, that you might be elevated, Father, in our lives. We ask, Lord Jesus, you'd be with us. Help us, Lord. We give you all the praise and the honor and the glory, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not my brother, not my sister, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not my brother, nor my sister. Me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me, it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Let's sing it now. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not the pastor, not the deacon, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not the pastor, not the deacon, but it's me, my Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Everybody, it's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of everybody once again. Oh, it's me. It's me, Lord. It's me, oh Lord. Need a praise. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Oh, it's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Amen. and you enjoy the word of the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's just sing this little chorus as you are dismissed this morning. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms I feel protected in his arms. Never disconnected. know in his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather rather be falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. No. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather rather be. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jes. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat up [Music] [Music] [Music] here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat.
