################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.81 - 08102025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-10
Title:    The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.81 - 08/10/2025
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5x1nI4rOa4
========================================

Description:
08/06/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] down. Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm [Music] Great. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I Total Satan get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Oh now victory is mine. Victory is mine. Let's stand. Victory today is mine. I told Satan get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Oh, now joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. My total Satan gave me behind. Joy today is mine. Oh, now love is mine. Love is mine. Love today is mine. My total Satan. When I rose up this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I got down. &gt;&gt; Let's sing about it. &gt;&gt; I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up singing, shouting, "Victory." [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today, it's mine. My to Satan, get me behind. Victory today is mine. One more time. Oh, now victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. My total Satan get thee behind. Victory today is my mine. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Aren't you glad victory is yours? Aren't you glad joy is yours? &gt;&gt; Don't you want love to be part of it, too? Amen. And I heard brother Brandon say just this morning, before you can love God, you've got to love one another. &gt;&gt; Now, how many of you want to love one another? How many of you really want to love the Lord? Well, look at your neighbor and tell him this. If it's a sister, it'll be all right to say this to a brother or likewise, I love you in the Lord. Now that's saying it right. Now we have one of the deacons get on you if you say it any other way. Amen. Ain't it good to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Are you glad to be here? Give him another good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] So glad so glad to have all of you with us today. any visitor that we would have in our assembly today, we want to say we welcome you. There's some that's here I'll be reading about just in a minute that visiting with us from down in in Virginia. I want to say we we welcome each and every one of you to Word of Life, all of our streamers locally and around the world. We want to say God bless all those folks. Let's give all those people a good hand this morning if you will. Praise the Lord. Now, shake hands with somebody around you and tell them, "Let's have some church here today." Praise the Lord. We're going to look at our prayer request this morning. Brother Steve Bryant says he wants to thank everyone for their prayers during his kidney stone attack. He had successful surgery on Friday to remove the stone and then and I am in recovery mode. A big thank you to all the healthcare workers uh in the church community. So, brother Steve, we thank the Lord that that that he's he's come through his uh surgery. Well, want to remember brother Dennis Flynner in prayer this morning. Uh he's uh in the hospital going to be having uh uh pacemaker surgery. So, we want to remember him that the Lord would just be mindful. Please pray for uh Kristen. I hope I Kristen Casey. I hope I got that name close to right. He is the eight-year-old son of a very dear friend of ours from Missouri. Kristen was diagnosed with cancer a few years ago and has undergone treatment and numerous surgeries since then. He's had many miraculous touches from the Lord and the cancer has been in remission. However, the doctors found now that he has thyroid cancer. His dad would played a a huge role in the recovery during Helen and just a wonderful family. They're asking that we would remember those folks in prayer this morning. Sister Ruth Arnold says to please pray for Keith Arnold. That's her brother uh in the hospital. They're running tests to rule out a stroke. So we remember him. Also pray for Brian Arnold. He had three Caesars yesterday. Fell and hit his head. So we want to remember him as we pray today. Sister Brandy Anthony asking prayer for Sister April Weisner. We want to remember that prayer request today. Sister Janet Kennedy wants us to remember Andrew and Anissa. They are both very sick this morning. Also, she has an unspoken prayer request. Sister Barbara Gravity has lost her phone. Asking that we would pray that she could find it. So, let's remember that. Brother Baker will have skin cancer treatment twice in this coming month. Pray that all goes well. He and his wife are not feeling well today. So, we'll remember them in prayer. Brother Donna, Sister Patty Cooper, uh this is for them. She has she is home now with hospice care. So we remember the Cooper family in prayer. Sister Patty just a wonderful wonderful sister and brother Don just an outstanding brother. Let's pray for them today. Urgent prayer request for Caitlyn Gagnan's mother. So we'll remember that prayer request. Sister Ruth Louise Jax has two urgent unspoken prayer requests. The Lord knows all about. Would appreciate your prayer. So let's remember that. Sister Naen Finch severe back pain needs relief. granddaughter battling rhino virus. So we want to remember that as we pray today. Benjamin Gos sends us in. Thank to each one of you who prayed for me in May when I had open heart surgery to replace a metro valve. The B the bionic part they installed is working fine. I feel much better. Divinely gifted surgeon. Incredible hospice or hospital care team. So the bumps on my road are to recover a very very minor. wants to give God all the praise and thank you for praying. There's another testimony brother Steve Bright sends in. So, we want to remember all these written requests, all the unspoken prayer requests this morning. I know there's tremendous needs in our assembly. Want to welcome Paul, John, and Hillary Bald Baldin uh Visten from Virginia. Where would you folks be? Would you just raise your hand right here? Give them a nice hand this morning. God bless you. Glad to have you with us. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "I'm really glad to be here." &gt;&gt; I'm glad to be here. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Are you really glad to be here?" &gt;&gt; Are you really glad I I think we all ought to be really happy to be in the house of God. What a privilege it is for you to get to be here. &gt;&gt; What an opportunity God has given you to be here. Amen. Let's sing a little bit more of that. Victory is mine. Let's do that verse if you would and then we'll do the the victory part. Okay. When I rose up this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up singing, shouting, "Victory." &gt;&gt; Oh, I said, "Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today it's mine. I told Satan get behind victory today is mine. Oh yes. Now love is mine. sing. Oh yes. Now joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told oh Satan, get thee behind. Joy today is mine. Give the Lord one more good hand clap of praise. Brother David, come and pray today over these requests if you would. We just commit all these things unto the Lord. Appreciate Brother David Swanson, don't we? Love you, buddy. God bless you, &gt;&gt; Precious Lord. We come again into your gates with thanksgiving and praise. We're thankful, Lord, to gather together as a body of believers. And we come with these prayer requests, Lord. Each one special to you and each one's needful. And we just pray you just meet one each need, Lord, according to your divine will. We're thankful for what you've done for us, Lord. We're thankful that we could be believers in this last closing hours of time and we've received a message, Lord, that it's changing us day by day. We're thankful for it, Lord. And we still need more changing. We need more more molding and shaping. And we've come this morning that you would uh correct us where we need correction, Lord. And we've come to just receive whatever you have for us. We commit ourselves to you, Lord. Help us to just to lay aside any thoughts, any hindrances, Lord. We know how the devil tries to anoint our thinking, especially when we come to church or things that we've done through the week or things that we have to do next week. But pray you'd help us, Lord. Lay everything aside. May we just concentrate and be able to receive. May we may you hear through us. May you preach through the preacher, Lord. Anoint us all for we commit it all to you now in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother David. God bless you, buddy. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering you give us unto the Lord. Once again, all of you that are here today, each and every one of you, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you have you here. Let's sing an old song. Tears will never stain the streets of that city. You believe that with all your heart? Tears will never stain the streets of that city. No reason of death on my mand. And tear drops aren't welcome beyond the gates of glory. And the heart will never break anymore. Sing that chorus again. Oh, now tears will never stain the streets of that city. No wreath of death on my mandor. Tear drops are welcome beyond the gate. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord of glory. &gt;&gt; And our heart will never break anymore. I can count all the tears that have fall. Oh, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh, it would seem like an ocean to me if my heart were a window. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You could look through all the pain. Hallelujah. Scars you would see. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing it now, church. Oh, now tears will never save the streets of that city. And no re of death on my mion door. Tear drops aren't welcome beyond the gaze of glory. And our hearts will never break anymore. I've never met one man without sorrow. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I've never looked in to eyes with no pain. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; But I know a land where grief and death are strangers. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. And songs of joy. &gt;&gt; Oh, songs of joy. &gt;&gt; Songs will sing. Glory. Oh, now tears will never stain. The streets of that city and no re of death on my mand. And tear drops aren't welcome beyond the gaze of glory. And our heart will never break anymore. Amen. You can be seated this morning. Brother Joel Brown, if you'll come on up here, buddy, and we're going to we're going to try a song on you this morning. Uh, I hope they got on the screen. Brothers, do you have the course of that song on the screen? Your your grace and mercy. If you go ahead and put that up for us. Uh, we we've not rehearsed this together as a group, so it'll be whatever it is. I believe the Lord I believe the Lord. How many of you believe this that his grace and mercy has brought you through? How many of you believe that with all your heart? Now, if you if you're sitting here today and thinking any of us that we done it by oursel, you're badly mistaken. We was in a place we couldn't help oursel. But his grace and mercy, your grace and mercy has brought me through. [Music] I'm living this moment because of you. [Music] I want to thank you and praise you too. Lord, your grace and mercy has brought me through. Sing that chorus again. Oh, your grace and mercy has brought me through. Sing it with me. This moment. &gt;&gt; I'm living this moment because of you. Now I want to thank you and praise you. &gt;&gt; You too for your grace and mercy brought me through. M yeah. Thank you for saving a sinner like me to tell the world salvation is free. Amen. You see, there were times when I when I just didn't do right. &gt;&gt; How many of you been there? &gt;&gt; But your grace and mercy came along and brought me safely through all day and night. your grace and mercy. &gt;&gt; Your grace and mercy. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's brought me through. &gt;&gt; I'm living and I'm living this moment just because of you. Because of you. Now I want to thank you and I want to praise you too for your grace and mercy it's brought me through. I was so blind, but thank God I can see. It was because of your your grace and mercy. Your grace and mercy came along and rescued me. Glory. [Music] I am your grace and mercy. Oh glory. Oh justice justice demanded. Oh, that I should die. But grace and mercy said, "Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no. Thank you, Lord. You've already paid the price. I was once blind, but thank God I can see." It was because It was because your grace and mercy came along. Came along and rescued me. Yo, your grace and mercy. Thank you, Father. It's brought me through. Me through. I'm living. I'm living this moment because of you. &gt;&gt; Because of you. So I want to &gt;&gt; Oh, we want to praise you this morning, Lord. I'm going to thank you this morning, Lord, for what you've done for us today. cross your grace and mer your grace and mercy draw. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing that chorus again. Give him a good hand clap of praise if you love him this morning. Your grace and mercy. Oh, it's brought me through. And we're living this moment just because you just because of you. Now I want to thank you. I'm going to praise you too because your grace and mercy brought me through. I'm living this moment because of you. It's because of you. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise if you believe that with all your heart. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, brother Joel. Appreciate it, buddy. Praise the Lord. He done a good job on those verses, didn't he? Amen. Have a couple of songs for you. Brother Jeremy, if you'll come on, be getting ready to sing. Brother Malachi, if you'll come on to the platform, be getting ready to sing. Let's sing that chorus one more time while they're getting here. Your grace and mercy has brought me through. Your grace and mercy has brought me through. [Music] because of you. Now I want to thank you and praise you. &gt;&gt; You too. For your grace and mercy, it's brought me through. Give our singers a nice hand this morning if you [Applause] [Music] know I drive around sometimes I just think about things. I was thinking these colleges a few years ago they set up a thing for the athletes and they called a transfer portal and it's NIL deal. It's something they get named for their money for their name, image, and likeness. And I was thinking that uh you know, God kind of had that and plans for us before the foundation of the world. He he saw me and he thought he's going to take on my name, my image, and he's going to be like me. And he also said they got a transfer portal and I'm about to enter that transfer portal and I'm going to transfer from here to glory. Amen. Glory. I guess I'm weird. I just think of things like that and I think of all these things the world does and I just like to tie it back to what Jesus does for me. You know, how many's got a lot of peace this morning? Let's sing about it. [Music] I'm so tired and so weary, but I must go along till the Lord comes and calls calls me away. Oh yes. Well, the morning is bright and the lamb. Oh, he's the light and the night. The night is fair as the day. Oh yes. Oh, there will be peace in the valley for me. Someday there'll be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord, I pray there'll be no sadness. Hallelujah. No sorrow, no trouble. I'm going to see. There'll be peace in the valley for me. I like this verse. There will be gentle and the wolf he'll be tamed. And the line shall weigh down by the lamb. Oh yes. Oh, and the beast from the wild. It's going to be left my little child. And I'll be changed. Oh, changed from this old man. that I am. Well, oh yes. Hallelujah. Oh, there'll be peace in the valley for me someday. Oh, there'll be peace in the valley. all for me. Oh Lord, I pray there'll be no sadness. Oh, no sorrow, no trouble. I'll see. There'll be peace in the valley for me. Let's sing that second verse again. Oh, will the pair will be gentle and the wolf he'll be tamed and the lion shall lay down. Oh by the lamb. Oh yes. Oh, and the beast from the wild. It's going to be led my little child. And I'll be changed. Changed from this old creature. Oh, that I am. Oh, yes. Will there be peace? Thank you, Lord. in the valley for me someday. Oh, there'll be peace in the valley. Oh, for me, oh Lord, I pray. Oh, there'll be no sadness. Think about it. Oh, no sorrow, no more trouble I'll ever see. Oh, there'll be peace in the valley for me. Oh, there'll be no sadness, no more sorrow, no more trouble. The bride will ever sing. There'll be peace in the valley for me. Oh yes. [Music] &gt;&gt; Glory. [Music] [Music] Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, I know that heaven is a beautiful place and it's filled with nothing but my Jesus grace. Oh, and heaven is a place that I long to see. Oh, heaven is a place that I long to see. Oh, heaven is a place that I long to see. And Jesus died and he went there for me. Oh, and I'm home. my way home. Don't you want to go? Oh, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? Oh, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? See, I've got a home on the other shore. Oh. Oh. And we've come too far to turn back now. Oh, I've come too far to turn back now. Oh, I've come too far to turn back now. See Jesus said, "I'm going to help you." And I'm going to a place that he's prepared for me. Oh, I'm going to that place he's prepared for me. Oh, I'm going to that place. He's prepared for me. There's no dying, no crying there. Oh, and heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, in heaven it must be a beautiful place. So in heaven must be a beautiful place for it's filled with nothing but my Jesus grace. And we've come too far. Oh, and I've come too far to turn back now. [Applause] Oh, I've come too far to turn back now. Oh, I've come too far to turn back now. See Jesus said he'll help you make some time. Oh, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? Are you coming along? Oh, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? Oh, I'm on my way home. Don't you want to go? See, I've got a home on the other shore. Oh, and heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, heaven must be a beautiful place. Oh, how heaven must be a beautiful place. For it's filled with nothing but my Jesus grace. Oh, and it's filled with nothing but my Jesus grace. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; And that's your home we're singing about. Wow. If heaven was full of cabins, there were no mansions. The roads were dirt, gravel, and the best heaven had to offer was black top. &gt;&gt; It'd be so much better than the place we're living now. &gt;&gt; I've thought about it, you know, to live in the first century when the Lord Jesus would have been here. What an awesome thing it must have been to been around him, hear his words, and contemplate what was said. And please don't misunderstand me, but I would rather live right now and be here today in this church and be a part of you and a part of this move of God in this hour than I would to have lived in the first century and had their experience &gt;&gt; before the Holy Ghost came. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Before the Holy Ghost came. Yes. &gt;&gt; Now remember what kind of people they were. They were good people, &gt;&gt; but they were as blind as they could be to many things. &gt;&gt; I'd rather stand where I stand right here today. Because those of you that are truly born of the spirit of God and have an understanding of the word, you actually have a greater understanding right now than what Peter did &gt;&gt; when he was going about preaching the gospel, casting out devils, and doing all kinds of great things in Matthew 10 because he didn't have the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; What an age to live in. &gt;&gt; And that was the beginning. This is the end. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now remember, God increases his glory as he goes along, but he hides it. So looking at the tabernacle in Shiloh to see what God did there must have been absolutely awesome. And they're still finding more archaeological finds in Shiloh after all these thousands of years. Things that are proving one thing after another after another that the scripture is exactly true. Just recently they found what they think is where the tabernacle itself sat and they found thousands of animal bones which were sheep, goats and cattle and they were all from one side of the animal. So they were just layered one on top of another on top of another. Now, those of you that know your Bible in the book of Leviticus know that there was only one side of the animal that was offered and the other side was given to the priest. So, one thing after another. I don't need archaeological finds and rocks and sticks and dirt and all that thing, but I just love it when they find it. &gt;&gt; It don't give me more faith. It just solidifies the faith that I've already got. I can believe him without a rock or a stick or a piece of dirt. Can't you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But I sure like it when they find it. God bless you. How y'all doing today? &gt;&gt; Doing good. Praise the Lord. Ain't God good to us all? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Certainly appreciate you praying for us in the meetings this week. Brother Wayne just did an outstanding job and so good to see the different saints and ministers from different churches and places and uh for those of you that streamed and those of you that were there I saw a few of you that were there but there was tremendous amount of needs that were um made known there to the saints and a lot of them still didn't get met of course but I think it total over half a million dollars 500 something,000 was the needs of what they needed. Um, and they wound up getting a little over 180, which was still a tremendous amount uh for the attendance that was there. But, you know, our church has helped people around the world for many, many years. And once we was building our building, of course, we were um a little bit held back because of that. But um now that the Lord has helped us to where we are financially, I'd like us to to start taking some more of these things on our hearts. Um, having been there and seen a lot of these things, I'll tell you, it just it does something to you when our our brothers are not like Americans, brothers in the Philippines, Africa, and India. They go out and they have tent meetings or just under a tree or brush harbor type thing or whatever. And they will preach the message and there will be denominational people that will come and they are constantly leading denominational people and pastors to the message. And then of course they baptize them and then guess what the denomination does? They kick them out of their church &gt;&gt; because the denomination paid for it. So then these saints have no place to worship. So a lot of these needs that were mentioned there were some of them were that way. So they're meeting under a tree. I myself have preached under a big gigantic tree in in Kenya one time. A brother had contacted me a few years ago and he was there as a little boy whenever I was there. Had malaria which was incurable. come up for prayer totally gone from his body. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; That's our God. &gt;&gt; So, if God showed up under a tree, what can he do here for us today? &gt;&gt; So, I'd like for us to just, you know, take it on your heart and uh that if the Lord would help us to do things, some of them need churches, some of them need um roofs, some of them have a building, have an outside walls. And uh might be surprising to a lot of you, but in Africa they still make their brick like they did in the days of Pharaoh. I was in Uganda several years ago and I saw where they they take little tiny moles and they take the uh the Nile the white Nile actually is right there. I stayed right on the white Nile 50 ft from it whenever I was there. Um so it begins in Uganda began in Uganda then goes to Egypt. But I saw all kinds of Eskim Mo looking things. I thought, "What in the world is that?" So, it's kind of round top like this, but you could tell it was made out of brick. And actually, they had made the brick and take little moles and mix up that dirt and water and straw and just put it in there and they let it air dry for a bit. And then they build this Eskimo looking thing and they make it hollow in the middle. They fill it with these brick, but then they leave a door opening where they can go in and keep adding wood to the fire. And what they're doing, killing their own brick. K I L N, not K I L L, but killing their own brick. And they've they've done that. So it's not like our brothers and sisters in these parts of the world are asking us to do everything for them. You Americans just, you know, do it for us because you all owe it to us. They're not doing that. They do everything that they can do. So some of the buildings um actually had brick walls, no roof, no shutters, no shingles rather I should say cuz there they use iron sheets. But some of them had no roof. Some of them had no windows, no doors. Some of them had no plaster on the walls. Some of them had no floors. You talking about a time you get several hundred Africans together in a dirt floor. And they ain't like you white people, they don't just stand there and look at the song. That's right. &gt;&gt; I mean, they clap their hands and worship God. And And you talking about a dust cloud. Hallelujah. So, God bless you. Let's let's keep these hearts or these needs rather in our hearts before the Lord. It just tears me up whenever I see them and and hear about them and having been there in a lot of those countries myself. So, we just thank the Lord for what he's helped us to be able to do. I'd just like to do more if we could. So, we're grateful for all those that were there to meetings and uh uh the ministering of the word. And people sacrificed their time. Some of them took their vacation. They had to pay their hotel rooms. They had to pay their gas. They had to pay their food bills while they were there. And then many of them donated a part of their living to be able to do these things for the bride around the world. 52 years they've had this camp meeting there. And every year it's been for these types of things. I told Brother Joe the other night before we come out, I said, "I want to be standing near you that day when the Lord calls Brother Henry Green up first, which was his daddy and then Brother Dan Daisy, now Brother Joe as the Lord calls them up before his throne and the thousands times thousands of people, maybe even hundreds of thousands that have been so blessed and so helped by the vision of that little church." If you've ever been to Brother Joe's, you know it's not a mega church. It's a small church, but they've been able to do so much for the kingdom of God. And not just them. They've been a a funnel by which people could be able to um donate and give. And I know for sure that one church in this meeting donated $100,000. So, I thought that was wonderful for the Lord. And then different people giving different things and stuff. So, I just wanted to make that known to you today. Let's read in second Peter chapter 1. Beginning with verse two, grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God. Isn't it amazing that grace and peace reaches its multiplied form through the knowledge of God. Through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. according as his divine power has given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding and great precious promises that that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust and beside this giving all diligence add to your faith virtue. So I have a question for you. If these things, these seven things, and then they're capped off by the eighths, if these seven things are only given by God, how can we add them? Now, Peter says it plainly, beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue. So tell me, how do I go about? You're free to and you're free to respond to me. How can I go about adding more virtue? How can I add more knowledge? How can I add more of these divine things when they're only God-given? Well, as far as me and you doing it oursel, we can't. But what God wants us to do is as we're growing and climbing up this mountain of God, he accomplishes in us each one of these virtues. And then he wants us to be able to acknowledge that we have arrived. And then from that point on, we say, "I'm ready for the next one. I'm ready. I added to myself by saying what he said." So he's worked in me faith. He's worked in me virtue. He's worked in me knowledge. Instead of constantly spending the rest of your life on foundation one &gt;&gt; and thinking you ain't got nothing. Come on. &gt;&gt; Add it, friends. Look at your life. See where you are. &gt;&gt; Add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness. Here's the eighth. Charity. Charity, which is God himself. How many to be remembered today as we pray? God bless you. Heavenly Father, it's such an honor to be able to stand before your children again today, Lord. And we want you to know that we're indeed grateful for the opportunity that's given to us to be able to walk in the light of the day. We're so grateful, Father, that we're not living in just the mere shadows of a man who lived over 2,000 years ago or the shadows or the historical events that happened at the cross and the resurrection and the historical events that happened in the book of Acts. But we can testify today that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. We thank you that you have been uh mindful of us to help us to be partakers of these great things. Speak to us today, Father. We know as your prophet has taught us, we come to church to find out where our shortcomings are, to find where we are and where we need to move up to. So we pray you'd help us today, Father, in the name of Jesus. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; God bless you. Let's look at the meaning of this word. You may be seated again in verse six. on patience. I know y'all were hoping I'm done with patience, but you're patiently waiting for me to preach on patience so you can get all the patience you need so we can move to the next one. Right. &gt;&gt; Well, are you been worked on? Praise the Lord. Well, good. Thank God. Amen. And to knowledge, temperance, and to temperance, patience, which is enduring patience, patient continuence, patient waiting, steadfastness. in the New Testament, the characteristic of a man who is not swerved from his deliberate purpose and his loyalty to faith and piety by even the greatest trials, the greatest trials and sufferings. How many are going through probably some of the greatest trials you've ever went through in your life? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And how are you going to come out on the other side? Well, that's going to depend upon your patience. You see, Brother Donnie, don't you believe that we're elected? I do. And I believe these things are attributes that God wants his elect to have, not just talk about. And we've had pictures of the pyramid and all that sort of thing. We love all of that. I don't want just the memorabilia associated with it. I want it a reality not only in me, but in you. And you when you listen to this, you'll hear the prophet as he spoke to the tabernacle there. And he said that he had labored for years and years for these things to be found in the lives of those people there. Well, by the grace of God, I'm trying to do the same thing. And so is every other God called man. So what is going to be the o the opposite of patience? Well, it's going to be impatience. So it can now this is something tricky about impatience and how that it can do. Impatience doesn't always say that it will not happen. Impatience doesn't always say it never will happen. It's not true. It can happen. Impatience will look at it and say, "Well, yeah, I I believe it can. But when will it happen? I'm asking God for healing. I'm asking God for my son, my daughter, my husband for a financial move and I've been waiting and waiting and there's been no deliverance and then how how long do I wait? Well, patience would say you keep waiting until God moves. But impatience will move upon us and then we will try to start fixing it ourself. or we will see other people in the way that they have gone and we will be influenced by their decision and then we will decide well you know what that worked for brother Rob maybe I'm going to try the same thing just because something worked for brother Rob don't mean it'll work for you God may have a total different plan for you same with me same with any of you brothers and sisters here and the thing of it is that we go to him who brought us here and say Lord why am I here what is my purpose of being there you just want me to go to church every now come and then sing a song, play a guitar, you want me to just, you know, do whatever it is I do. No, we got to go to him and say, "What is my complete fulfillment of the objective that you had in your mind before the foundation of the world?" Now, watch how that God always will will say his word and then he will give Satan an opportunity to try the recipients of that word and see if they will believe it. Will they hold out? Will they wait? Will they be faithful? Will they be patient until God brings it to pass? Or will they accept a copycat or a twin? A twin that will look so much like what they're asking for that they would they would not even question it. Now, keep in your mind that when you're praying for a supernatural something that Satan hears you when you pray. So then if he cannot get you to doubt it, then he has the ability to try to make a twin that will look so much like your answer. I wonder if any of us have ever accepted that twin in our life. And we thought, "Oh, praise the Lord. This is it. This is it. I've been praying about this certain certain thing. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord." And then whenever you received it and it grew up, you realized you accepted the wrong answer. But you know what? Had it been a demon with horns on its head and real ugly and scary, you would have never accepted that. There's no way you would have ever took it. So what does Satan do? He tries to hide it behind whatever your personality will identify it as being an answer from God. Now that's tricky, is it not? Now everybody because their personality is so different, they will look for different answers and it will come in different ways. they think and then Satan knows you. As a matter of fact, it'd probably be frightening how well he knows all of us. But so he will mimic an answer of God and generally knowing how impatient that we as humans are, he will send it before God sends his because God develops our patience by us waiting. But Satan knows how impatient we are. So he'll give us enough time to where that our impatience will build. and were at that desperate spot. Some of the biggest mistakes I've ever made in my life was whenever I felt pressured and in a hurry to make a decision about something. Anybody ever been there besides me? Oh yeah. I've made some bad mistakes because of that. Wasn't even sin. I ain't talking about sin. I'm just talking about run ahead of the program of God or jump ahead because you were being pressured by, you know, circumstance or individuals. And Satan knows exactly how to mimic an answer from God, but just make it a little bit different than the will of God, knowing that we're impatiently waiting and our patience is about to run out. &gt;&gt; Now, we looked at the children of Israel just a little bit last Sunday, and it didn't quite get done with that. So, I'd like to look at it again if you don't mind. In 1st Samuel 8:4, then all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together and came to and to Samuel unto Rama and said unto him, "Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways. Now make us a king to judge us like all the nations." Now, there was something in them. They wanted a king. And God actually wanted them to have that desire. God was the one who gave them a desire to have a king that would rule over them. Now listen to this. God was the one who gave them the desire and they looked at it and thought this must be the time. So they began to acknowledge that there was a need there. They were different than all the rest of the nations around them. All of them had kings. Hittites, Amorites, Jebusites, you know, even archaeological finds are still finding many of these things to where the it would name the kings and so on that were there. So they looked around everybody that was around them and everybody had this except for them. So everybody that was there in that day was organized. Oo, they were organized. So that have a king, that have a military general, that have, you know, all these people that have secretaries of this and secretaries of that. and then they would have an organization to where they were organized. But Israel, it wasn't that way. So they lived in their tents and they plowed their fields and they raised their crops and they raised their children and they went to church, you know, and they did all these things that God said, but there was no organization to their move. All they had, all they had, I don't even want to say it that way, but all they had was a prophet with direct contact from the presence of God. That's all they had, which in reality was all they needed. &gt;&gt; But you see, compared to the rest of the organized world, then it seemed like they had nothing. So maybe they'd meet some of these people in the market. Well, how's your king? Oh, we don't have a king. Well, what about the board of treasury? Well, we don't actually even have that. Well, what about this? What about the alderman? What sheriff, the county deputy, the magister? We don't have any of that. We're not even we're not even set up that way. Well, what do you all have? All we got is one old man and his name is Samuel. And he says God speaks to him and shows visions. You mean every one of you go by what that one man says? Yeah. Well, I've heard you all was a cult. Now I'm convinced that you are &gt;&gt; because you ain't got nobody to check that one man out. So you all are definitely following a cult. Wow. So, they were not organized. So, they looked around and they thought, you know what we need to our move is some organization. Now, we're not want to run God off. We're not one. We need God. We love him. We want him to be there. But what's wrong with mixing God with a little bit of organization? So, we want to organize. And we know if we have a king, it'll be one that we can all look at and he'll get on his throne every now and then or his paloquin, you know, or whatever it was, his bar and he'll come through the city and we'll all be able to wave our flags at him and we'll just have a great time and he'll set holidays and special days and we'll be able to see our king. Now, God's invisible and he appears as a cloud and a bush and different things like that. But we would like something that we could see all the time. Something that would be with us day in day out. And if our enemies come against us, our king will step up in the window. My way up high, way higher than that. And he'll step up there and he'll stand up there and wave at us like this. And we'll all say, "Oh, great king, live forever. Oh great king, live forever." And we'll see the men standing all around him. here they'll come and blow the horns and the trumpets. Wow, won't that be something? And Samuel said, "What you mean? You all want an organization over the top of God's word? This is God's system. This is the way God chose for it to be." Now naturally it's going to look like to some of the people that he's trying to preserve his position of leadership because naturally since he's the voice of God then he is naturally going to defend his position. So sure why absolutely job security you know and and what in the world can we expect from somebody who's been doing all this for all these years and all of us bow down to his whms and if he says this is wrong then I guess it's wrong we ain't got no written Bible and they didn't have as far as a Bible itself five books of Moses and they didn't have all these articles of the New Testament they didn't have Naam they didn't have all the different ones after that so this guy gets things from God that we can't even prove it. We He He says God tells him things that we can't even find in the first five books of Moses. And yet if we don't do it, we get in trouble with God, man. And it ain't no wonder that he don't want us to have a king. But you know what God done whenever God had heard Samuel's cry? Now watch. Look in verse six. But the thing displeased Samuel when they said, "Give us a king to judge us." And Samuel prayed unto the Lord. Natur that's what he always done. And the Lord said unto Samuel, hearken unto the voice of the people and all that they say unto thee, for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me that I should not reign over them. So God was already reigning in the position of invisible king. So it wasn't that God was going to be their king in the future. He would be in flesh, but he already was in the invisible realm and giving what was necessary, his word, to his prophet messenger. And God told Samuel, "Look, they've not rejected you. They've rejected me. You'll go on and still be their prophet, but they have rejected my headship." Now notice, they have rejected, not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them. According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them out of Egypt, even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee. Now, was God going to become their visible king? He was. And what did they do? They got ahead of God because they wanted to be like everybody else. It won't be but just a few more years. If time goes on, it won't be but a few more settings of the sun that we will find an element of people around this message that will be tired of being led in the same way the children of Israel were. through God sending a message to a prophet and that prophet's message would carry the bride right on up to the rapture and give her everything that she needed for the rapture. But there will be an element of people already are actually and they will gain number though and they will start wanting to rebel against that. Well, you know, we we we need this and and we need that and we need something else added to it because, you know, the prophet was illiterate and my that this message stopped in ' 65 and we've went so much farther now and we need something else. So, you know what? I've been reading the books of this guy and the books of this guy and that one and that one. I think we might need to merge some of this stuff into it. Oh, I know some of you sitting there big eyed and looking at me and you think it'll never happen. Oh, it will happen. You mark it down in your little book. It's already happening. Why? Because people around the message, everyone around this message are not born again. That all of them don't have the Holy Ghost just because they say God sent a prophet. No. And they will want the way of organized religion. Now, they will not go to the world. They're not going to join Catholicism. Many of them will never leave the message and go to a Baptist church or something like that, church of God or assembly. But they will want to just kind of pull out and hang around on the fringes of the message. Now, they don't want to totally deny it, but you know, then they'll get a preacher that's looking for fame or whatever more, and then he will start building his own agenda, and he'll say, "Well, we believe the prophet as long as the prophet is in the scripture." Oh, we'll believe the prophet as long as I can prove him in the scripture. So, you see who your absolute is becoming, don't you? the eye that's doing the talking. It's not the scripture nor the message. It's that I man. Well, praise the Lord. But you see, no matter how long it goes on, if I live a few more years and die, if I die after today's sermon, and you all go on and the Lord carries for a few more years, I believe there'll be an element of people around the world that will still be true to this message because this is God's message and it is his requirement. Now, no doubt among the people of Israel, there were people that were brokenhearted. They were brokenhearted, brother Joel, because they knew this was not the will of God. But what could they do? They were outnumbered. So the voices, and it must have been a majority enough that God said, "You might as well give it to them because that's what they want. It's not my will. It's not what I told you, but it's what they want. And they're not going to go on." Now God is going to bless it. What is it? Permissive will, permissive will. But God himself wanted to be their king. Now notice in the simian church age book and the in the days of Israel when they left Egypt, they were under the leadership of the spirit of God me manifesting in gifts. God was the leader of the people. Actually, he was their king. Amen. He was a father king. Now notice the difference between Israel and the rest of the nations. They were going to have a king, but he would not be a father king. But God wanted to be a king. All right? But he also wanted to be their father. Not another king could do that. So God wanted to be their father king. So he would love them in a two-fold way that even David or Solomon or any of the great kings that would follow years later would ever be able to love them the same. So what did they do? They accepted a substitute and they accepted half of what God wanted them to have. Now they wanted a king that would love the his people as subjects which many of them did and they served the people faithfully for many years. The ideal reign of a king on Israel was 40 years. Most of you know that 40 years was an ideal reign. If a man obeyed the Lord and followed in the commandment of God, God would at least give him a 40-year reign. When a man displeased the Lord, then the Lord would cut him off, cut off his posterity and his name many times and cut it short of that ideal span that God had chosen himself. And yet they would love them and they would fight for them. But not one of them kings as great as they were could ever feel toward them people the way God could. And the church said it's the same way with a pastor, you know, that belongs under the oposes of a denominational headship. And he can only preach what that denomination will let him preach. And if he goes to preaching things outside the word, you know what they call is the word, then you know what they're going to do? They're going to warn him. and that if they don't line up, they're going to boot him out. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Do they love the people? No doubt they do. But what would a lot of them do? They'll compromise and quit preaching it. &gt;&gt; Well, come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; Notice this. But God was the father king. He took care of Israel like a man cares for his family. He fed them, fought their battles, smoothed away their difficulties, and settled their problems. As much as David loved them, he couldn't do these things. David couldn't take care of all these things. Solomon could take care. There's only one person that can do that, and that's Almighty God. &gt;&gt; Look what we settle for sometimes, friends. We will settle for a king that can only give us half of what a God called man can give. &gt;&gt; You see, a God called man in this day, if he's really a son of God, he has the ability to not only lead you with pastoral leadership, but to be able to love you as he himself grows in these virtues. So then what would it become when the real true pastors around the world preaching this end time word will become living walking temples of the living God. &gt;&gt; Then they will lead their people under the image of the god king. So it won't be nothing about them, their name, their agenda, you know, they want this, they want that, but it will be them surrendered to the will of God. And they will love that word. And they, the people, listen to me. I know you're looking at me funny today. I believe before we leave this world in a rapture, that God will achieve the father king symbolism that he wanted thousands of years ago. And it will only be, of course, just a precursor of what's going to come in the millennium. But God will get men so under his control right in the middle of Leodysia. And they will love God and they will love their people and they will preach the word. And when they their people suffer, they will suffer with them. That's what a real pastor does. That's what a real evangelist does when it comes through. So how is he able to do that? Where's he getting that from? His human makeup. His human makeup will run out just like yours does. But whenever he will become impatient with the people in his humanity, if he's really living in this height of the pyramid, then God's patience will live through the man. And God will help the man to be able to be patient with the people beyond his own capacity. Now, that's exactly what happened to God's prophet before he left this earth. I personally believe from the walk that we can see in the man of God that he already had these things in his life then and he was living a life which was pleasing to the Lord in so much that God could take that life from us. Now, it would look like he'd have plenty of years left. Can you imagine? Brother Brandham was taken when he was 56 years old. Here I am 69 years old. So, I've been preaching more years than what brother Brandham was allowed to preach. So, it's not like that he didn't have a lot of years left in his life. But I believe with all of my heart, his message was delivered. His message was done in the aspect of the prophetic realm, the revealing of the son of man. Then what's God going to do? God is now going to start establishing churches. If brother Brandon was here today and he could preach and if he was in Jeffersonville, I wonder how many of us would be here. Well, I here's one that wouldn't. I'd be up there. You think I'd want to be down here. You all whenever a prophet of God standing up there preaching, where would most of us move to? Jeffersonville. Forget Johnson City. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. Forget Harrisonburg, Virginia. Forget Mendon, Louisiana. Forget somewhere in Arkansas. Let's move to Jeffersonville. Wick and said under the administration of the prophet of God. But God knew exactly what he was doing to time the prophet's departure to take him so these other foes of the ministry would go out and start having churches and establishing churches. &gt;&gt; Why? Because God wanted the light shed beyond Jeffersonville. Well, aren't you glad? Think if everybody would have remained in Jeffersonville, how would you have ever heard about the message? How would I ever heard about the message? How would it went overseas? How would it have got to the places around the world that it's got to? So God knew he must take the prophet off of the scene and the message had reached its climax under the prophet's ministry. And then what will God do? Then God will begin to manifest himself in a body move. Now of course Satan knew that exactly. And Satan started raising up men from right around the message. Well, I'm Joshua. I'm Caleb. I'm this that the other. Why? The leader of the message seemingly was gone and people were torn to pieces. I can't imagine how they must have felt. There's people here that was alive when brother Brandham was taken out of the earth. Brother Harvey, I can't imagine how you felt, Brother Emanuel. I can't imagine how you felt. We've got some others, Brother Palmer. How they must have felt when they got news that God's prophet had passed away. They must have felt like, "Oh no, this can't be. There's no way this can happen. This cannot happen. He's still got more to do. He's got more places to preach and and more to bring. Well, apparently God didn't think so. God felt like from the prophetic aspect, the message had been brought. And now it was time for God to take his prophet. And you notice the children of Israel, as long as Moses was there, they was just meandering around here and there and there. Wherever Moses went, that's where they went. You know what? Moses went that way, they went that way. Moses went that way, they went that way. But what did God do? God knew that the children of Israel would never come to their position as long as Moses was there. So he takes Moses off the scene. And then God places who? Joshua, which is a type, of course, double type actually in the New Testament and in the last days. It's a type of the prophet and also of the Holy Ghost. And yet God knew that they'd never come to their position as long as the the prophet Moses was there. So he takes him. Joshua then begins to position them. Then what did they do? They get their own property, their own house, their own maiders, their own ters, their own goats, their own sheep. Then every man starts living on his property. And now they fought for years and years to get the property. Then they change dispensations. And then they start fighting not to get the property, but fighting to keep their property. Have any of you noticed that way in your own life that you have things in your life, joy, deliverance of this and that and the other, and then sometime later after you're set free or delivered of a certain thing, the devil will try to bring that thing back and you think, "What in the world is going on?" It's just that Philistine that you knocked down years and years ago when you was trying to get your land. Now that same Philistine's trying to come back and move in your house after you've done built a Holy Ghost house. But you need to let that Philistine know there ain't no room in this house for no uncircumcised Philistine. There ain't no room in this house for no Hittites. So pack up your bag and get out of here. &gt;&gt; Now what is God doing? Exactly the same thing in the last days. So watch. He fed them, fought their battles, smoothed away their difficulties, settled their problems. He just I love this statement. I absolutely love it. He just busyed himself. busied himself over them. Can you imagine almighty God the creator of the heavens and the earth and he just busyed himself over his people. I believe that's what he wants to do to us, brother Joel. Just to busy himself over us. If we can just wait. Well, brother Donnie, I pray and I pray. How long does it take? Well, he's a busy God. He's got a lot of children to take care of. Well, just wait a little bit. While he's working on your patients, he's working on the folks in Uganda too and Zimbabwe and Zir and all these other places around the world. So he busied himself over them. They were the only nation to which he was truly God. Truly God. And can't you see the difference between the bride and the church, the foolish virgin and the bride? He we the elect are the only ones that is truly God. truly king. They love him. They acknowledge him as far as savior. But what the dividing line is with the church is that they do not want him to be their lord. Now they say they do. But if he would tell them, don't dress this way, don't do that, don't go here, don't go there, don't watch this, don't get on your phone and do that. Come on, somebody. Then they say, now don't you go to meddling in my business, God. This iPhone is mine. I do what I want to. Well, you know what? You're just proving right there. He is not your Lord. If he is your Lord, you'll do whatever he tells you to do. That's just the way that it is. So, it separates. And the bride, this is what he wants to be to us in this day. If you're not, friends, as an individual, why would you settle for him just being God, God in your life, in your job, in your home, when he wants to be truly God? Why would you settle for just being a distant relationship and you go to church and you have a religious inclination and and you want to you don't want to go go to hell. You don't want to be lost, but you've never really made that commitment. Remember the sermon the Lord gave me years ago on the danger of an uncsured heart. The danger of a person just keeping back that small little compartment in their heart that they never totally give up to God. And you will never have complete victory until you totally surrender everything you are to Jesus Christ. Amen. Notice he busy himself over them. They were the only nation to which he was truly God. But one day they got to looking around and they saw the Philistines and the other nations with kings over them. It caught their eyes. Notice not the soul. It caught their eyes. So they looked at and they said, "Well, why can't we be like that? I like that. Don't you? Don't you like that system? Everything is organized. Everything, man. They've got this and that and the other. Everything is so good. We need that. I mean, we're we're nobody. Don't you understand that the banks whenever we got ready to build our church here, well, they put poor old brother Jim Babu, the office rigor that ever was. And the main reason was because we was an independent church and we were not an organization. Now they could not understand they could not understand the amount of money that went through our bank account for the last how many ever years and how that money went here and there and there and there. And they asked brother Jim all kinds of questions. How many young people do you have in your church? Do they pay ties? How many of them are single? How many of them are married? uh even blood type, blood pressure, how much medication you No, I'm teasing on that. And then how many old people do you have in your church? Because they want to know how many is going to kick the bucket, you know? So if we finance this church for y'all, how y'all going to pay these bills? It was unbelievable all the stuff they put poor brother Jim through. And they just could not understand it why that we would want to build a place that was bigger. And to them, to them, the way it looked, it looked like that it was being built around one man. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother. Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And brother Jim had to try to explain to them, look, if he passes away, there'll be another one come and another one come and another one come. It's not about him. He's only the pastor. But they got a trustee board. But they still Oh my. We could have had a great big organizational name about that long while they had passed it a whole lot quicker since Linda than what they did. But you know what? Why? Because man looks and said, "Oh, I know that's much more trustworthy. That's much more trustworthy." Do you understand that there's more me more Baptist people that are in cults than message people are? More Methodist people that are in cults, more Catholic people that are in cults. Islam, oh, come on, somebody. More of them. You know who the the me and Carol saw a YouTube video the other day and the most wealthy church in the United States, not around the world, but in the United States right now, it's not the Catholic Church. No, sir. It's actually the Mormons. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Church of the Latter-day Saints and everything they do is so secretive and so quiet. Yet, you don't hear a lot of people calling them a cult. But yeah, when you pull up the meaning of cult, which I did this past week, be sharing it with you on Wednesday night, Lord will it. And you look in the Miriam, you look in Wikipedia, you look in, you know, all these different places and you look at 12 different dictionaries and you find 12 different meanings. And then I finally read one I could not keep from chuckling because the answer they said was, "Well, even professional people who study on cults say they can't even agree to be able to define one." I said, "Yeah, that's about right. That's about right." But you realize they looked at and said, "Oh my, that that's what we want. Everything is just in such a state, you know, in the organization. My, that's lovely. I like that. So, what if we get tired of Brother Donnie? My goodness, he's been here for all these years. I'm getting tired of him hammering on us and where I I I get wore out from his preaching, Brother Daryl. Let's let's replace Brother Harry and let's replace Brother Larry. Let's let's just totally revamp our church and redo this and that and the other. &gt;&gt; No, sir, brother. Let's go to headquarters and say, "We are tired of our pastor standing up there and burning our hide." You don't know what it feels like. Every time we leave church, we have to drag oursel out to the car and stop by the ER and get patched up and swings in our arms and when we go out. We are sick and tired of it. But our money helped pay for that building and we want to take over. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Well, you see, some people would say, "Yes, yes, that's what we want." &gt;&gt; That's what Israel wanted. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Well, this this prophet thing that that that's uh you know, they ain't nobody else out here. God wanted them. &gt;&gt; The Philistines didn't have a prophet. The Amorites, the Hittites, the Jebusite, none of them had a prophet. &gt;&gt; So, Israel was the only one. God, all the rest of them were so organized just like clockwork. Boy, I mean, see, the more you add to it, the more harmony it makes, the more rhythm it makes. &gt;&gt; But they were just and it may go for years before he gets another word from the Lord. And then dick &gt;&gt; another 10 years passes &gt;&gt; and they're thinking this this ain't right. Look how many there are of us. We need to have something organized and structured. Structured. It caught their eyes and they decided they decided instead of going to God and said, "God, we we we've seen this. Would it be okay with you? Would this be your will?" Very decided. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That they ought to humanize their leadership. So they wanted a king. A God was going to humanize the leadership himself in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. Well, my goodness, brother Donia, that's going to be thousands of years. &gt;&gt; Yep. You see, the prophetic time clock sometimes can move so slow. &gt;&gt; But, Brother Dave, they wanted it in their lifetime. I don't want my great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great grandchildren seeing a humanization of God's king. I want to see it myself. I want this. Now we've got to the problem. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. But they got a Oh my goodness. They got ahead of him. I'm gonna tell you something, friend. This this next next statement right here is scary. Satan knew the plan of God. So he put it in the hearts of the people to get ahead of God the word. So it wasn't a sensual desire. It was not a a sexual perversion. And it was not. It was actually the plan of God, &gt;&gt; but not for their age. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, speak to us. &gt;&gt; When they approached Samuel and asked for a king, Samuel was so dismayed that his heart almost failed him. And God had been leading his people through this consecrated scripture vindicated prophet. and he felt that he had been rejected. He gathered the people and pleaded with them not to turn away. Now, can you imagine how this this prophet of God must have felt. Was it tragic? Yes, it was tragic. And God even had his prophet to tell him before he ever crowned one, of course. And he told him, he said, "Tell him what he'll do. He'll take their daughters and make them bakers in his house. He'll take their sons and make them this and that and the other." God told them the downside of humanizing your leadership. And then when even when God through his prophet told them all that, they said, "We want it anyhow." God said, "Fine. Go ahead and give it to them. &gt;&gt; It ain't my will. It's contrary to my word at this time, but give it to them. They're not going to hush until you do." Lord, children, I'll tell you, it's so dangerous when we're praying for about things and we pray and pray and we want pray for what we want for instead of waiting on the will of God and God will delay us and God will send a word for through an evangelist and God sent a word through a pastor and send another word for somebody else and you sat right there and hear that and it's so personalized to you that you know God's got your number and you'll get up and walk out and say, "Well, I'm going to do it anyhow." No, &gt;&gt; sir. &gt;&gt; Oh my. May God have mercy on us. Brothers, let's jump some of these quotes here. Let's run over to Psalms Psalms 37. Now, look, look at the word here. How that the word describes about patiently. Psalms 37:7. Rest in the Lord and wait patiently for him. Fret not thyself because of him, notice, who prosperest in his way. Because of the man who bringeth wicked devices to pass. So, children of God can look at people that seemingly are more blessed, getting on better in life and doing better. The compromisers have a whole lot less trouble than we do. The compromising churches and the compromising preachers have a whole lot less battles than we do. And then Satan will say, "Well, look at them. You're supposed to be so right and you're walking with God, you know, and all their children are in church. And look at yours. You've got one that's away from the Lord. You got one that's questioning the truth. You've got one that's this and that. Well, sure. All their kids in church cuz the way they taught, they can do anything they want to do. Live any kind of life they want to live. Just long as they show up for church, they're all right. We preach a consecrated life, a dedicated life to the kingdom of God. Oh, sure, you don't have to have it when you first come. But God wants it before you leave this world. That's what I want for you, friends. I ain't ask for your money. I ain't ask for favor. I ain't ask for things from you. But I'll tell you what I want. I want people in our church that love the Lord Jesus Christ so much they are willing to obey his word it makes no difference what it cost them. That's not me asking you that. That's God asking you that. I'm only repeating his desire. Anybody here want that? &gt;&gt; Y'all rather have some compromise and pastor just have said, "Well, just do whatever y'all want to do. As long as you come church, you know, once every now and then, that's fine with me. I don't really care how you live. I don't care how your men treat your wives. I don't care how y'all treat your children. Be mean to them, beat them, whoop on them if you want to. I don't really care. God don't either. We're in such a day of grace. You know, God got saved in the New Testament. Y'all knew that, right? Y'all knew that God got saved and God got converted from from being that old mean, wicked, evil God that he was in the Old Testament. God hated homosexuality in the Old Testament. But God says it's okay now according to them anyway. So God must have got saved. No, God wasn't lost. &gt;&gt; It was us that was lost. And the reason people think that today is because they are still lost. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Psalm 40 and1. To the chief musician, a psalm of David, I waited patiently for the Lord, and he inclined unto me and heard my cry. Hebrews 6:12. Be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. So you see, God is going to have to have leaders who are tried just like you are and more than likely more than you are because they will be an example. They're not just going to stand up in the pull pit and tell you all you all do this and you all do that and you all do something else and they themselves are exempt from it, but they're going to be tried. Oh yes, they will. And then can't you get behind a leader like that? Can't you get behind one? Oh, can you imagine following a leader that is so weak and puny every time hardship hits his life and he's ready to quit. He's ready to step down. Oh my I if I'm going to set under a man, I want to sit under a valiant leader. One that's called of God. One that I can see that God has moved on that man. And God, it seemed like in some ways has nearly tried to destroy him. God has let things come his way that he's not a baby. I don't understand it. And I tell Carol all the time, you know that there's certain preachers they can get by with anything. They can say things wrong. They can do things wrong. And they they're the type of people that people in the message just make over and make excuses from. Well, you know, it's it's it's this and it's that and it's something else. You know what? I ain't that type of guy. Believe me, you all won't let me get by with it. Most of all, he won't let me get by with it. So, I'd much rather be that kind of an individual that everybody has to walk around, you know, just be so careful. Don't hurt his feelings. Don't hurt his feeling. I want to follow a man that can be led of the Holy Ghost. A man that'll stand right there on that word even if his closest friends turn away. &gt;&gt; Notice when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swear by himself, saying, "Surely blessing, I will bless thee. multiplying, I will multiply thee. And so after he had patiently endured. Isn't this amazing how that the Old Testament doesn't mention patience of Abraham, but more so his faith, but here Paul, the writer of Hebrews, not only mentions how faithful that he was, and of course he did in Hebrews 11, but now he couples that faith with patience because Abraham believed God. Yes. and it was imputed unto him of righteousness. But he must wait for years, decades for the promise of God to come to pass. So after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. Do you understand where many of the churches are today? Pregnant. Every church in the world will wind up pregnant. There's two kings that's desiring to conquer the world. You see, when a king would come in and they would take over a city, they had certain things that they would do in war. They wanted the crown. So say Barcelona would have a crown and then Madrid would have a crown for that city and there would be a crown for this one and that one. And those kings wanted the crown. But there's one of the first things that many of them would do when they would take over a city. They looked &gt;&gt; for the king's wife. They would kill the king's seed, boys and girls, men and women if they were grown up. But they would look for the king's wife. That's why many castles and palaces and cities had secret getaways because that's the first ones they want. So they could actually rape the king's wife and claim her as their own. She was a trophy. So he confiscated the crown and then he would take the king's wife and sew his seed in her body. Can't you see what Satan has wanted to done for thousands of years? &gt;&gt; And he doesn't always use friends people that's on the outside. &gt;&gt; Some of his greatest tools have been people from the inside. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Then what does he do? Then the queen rocks around now under the new dominion of this new king which has took her husband's crown and confiscated her body which belonged to her husband. Now she is bearing in her body the image of this heathen king. Is she going to love it? Is she going to kill it? Is she going to abort it? What's she going to do? As a mother, there'd be something in her. Well, I can't I can't abort this baby. I can't take its life cuz it's part of me. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; But if I give birth to it, &gt;&gt; it'll be part him. &gt;&gt; Pardon me. That's what Satan's done in every age. confiscate the king's crown. &gt;&gt; All right, brother. &gt;&gt; He was the king of Ephesus. And Satan moved in under the white horse anointing and tried to snatch that crown. Oh my. Down through the ages, he's done the same thing. Then what would he had for the bride? The bride's body. Lord God, help us. The people are supposed to be giving birth to the word and he confiscates their body, church body. &gt;&gt; That's why Paul in Galatians 8:1 said, "When I come to you, you receive me as an angel of God." And he said, "When you looked at my eyes and the state they were in, you would have plucked out your eyes and given them to me. But now have I become your enemy?" What happened? Some Judaizers come in Galatia and they started turning those people right against Paul, the very man of God that had led them to the Lord Jesus. And them Judaizers wanted the crown. Not a Paul. Paul wasn't the crown king. It was Jesus. It was Jesus. He said, "Have you become Christians by the grace of God and now you've turned to the law?" And what did those Judaizers want? They wanted the body of the believers to sew their seed, their false doctrine &gt;&gt; in the body &gt;&gt; of the believers &gt;&gt; that if they give birth, it will be half message, half a dod. Wow. &gt;&gt; You remember the way they had done in the days of Nehemiah when the men had married the women of a foreign authenticity and God told them not to. And some of those men, Jewish men was marrying those women. And the Bible said that half of them spoke in the tongue of the Jews and half of them in the tongue of Ashod. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus. Why? Because they had sown the seed and a place that produced a hybrid. &gt;&gt; Word of life. &gt;&gt; Word of life. Take on your name. Word of life. We don't want our body to be sewn the seed of a man. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. I'm not interested in producing a bunch of raanites. You shouldn't be interested in being a Spencerite or or a Puitite or a Wardite. You ought to be want to be a son or daughter of God. Let the Lord Jesus reflect his image in you. Oh my look at this in the spoken words original seed. Now the so-called bride is pregnantated. Now can you imagine there is a people called bride. There's another people that's the so-called bride. So they actually are called bride but from the prophetic standpoint they're the so-called. But without prophetic insight, everybody will look at them all and call them all the same thing. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Now, the so-called bride is pregnantated with all kinds of tommyrock, disgrace. The women won't pay a bit more attention to what God's word says and nothing in the world. And neither will the men or even the preachers. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Then call that a bride. What is it? She's pregnantated. Christ blood has become pregnantated with the world. Dressing like the world. Acting like the world. Big church is fine. It shows what she is. She's of the devil. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'd rather have to I I would rather any day out of the week if I had to worship under a brush harbor. If you folks come in here and get a hike, a flute and high in society and think, "Boy, we got a nice building. We got this and that and the other." I'd rather have the spirit of God than this place to be filled with the wealthiest people in Johnson City. What good's wealth going to do us? I want somebody that wants to love the Lord. Somebody that wants to worship God and sing and pray and and live right and live what they're hearing preached. &gt;&gt; She's of the devil. That's what the devil done at the first place is try to build a big beautiful kingdom in the heaven and was kicked out. Remember sin never began in the Garden of Eden. &gt;&gt; It actually started in heaven. When Satan said, "I will exalt my throne." Right? There's where sin began, right? In his soul, that day on Calvary 1960, the prophet tells us that his soul sinned. What was it? Pride. I'll do this and I'll do that. I'll be like the most high. &gt;&gt; I will exalt my throne. I'll raise up. I'll go into the north sides. the sides of the north. Listen to this. Oh Lord, that's what Christ modern bride is. She's kicked out because she's excommunicated from God because she's a and not a virgin. It's deep, but I hope you get it. Adam's bride could not wait, but she went forward first. That's the way today. The bride today, she wants to manufacture something. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; She's got to work it up on the platform. &gt;&gt; So, you what that let you know? That part right there, that phase of it is not cold dead churches that don't have a move of God, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But it's churches. Glory to God. Glory to God. And they work it up on the platform. &gt;&gt; I don't think shouting should have to be worked up on the platform. &gt;&gt; I think if you got the shout in you, you should be able to shout from right back there. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I don't think it should be me. I don't think it should be the song leader. I don't think it should be the musicians that has to pump you all up to a glory. Hallelujah. If you ain't got a glory, hallelujah, I say shame on you for all that God has done in your life, all that he's set you free from, it shouldn't be the song leader praising God. And you all sitting there like a bump on a pickle. It ought to be from the very back, the very last row in the mezzanine, come out there in the nurseries that the sisters out there ought to be saying, "Glory to God, I was lost and he found me. I was blind and he opened my eyes." It shouldn't have to come from the platform. Oh, she's got to have everything. What is she doing? Manufacturing something. &gt;&gt; Some of the guys installed our lights. They wanted to meet with me and they wanted to know if we wanted psychedelic colors and fog machines. And if we wanted the lights hooked up so when the music boomity bumpity boom that the lights would blippity blippity blip. And what about a big screen back here behind you? This one guy worked at a he went to a big major major church in Atlanta and he said, "This is what I've done for our church. A big old massive screen 21 ft wide, 9 ft long. And when the preacher is preaching, I sit back there with the control of the iPad and I dramatize what he's preaching. So I flash pictures. I said, I dramatize enough. They don't need no more. [Applause] Can you imagine? That's what churches go to. &gt;&gt; Fog lights, &gt;&gt; fog machines. Brother, I ain't one to look for the fog. I'm one to look for the sunshine. Fog is always a dangerous sign to me. Ain't it you? You know what? When it's all foggy, you can't see to go very good. Well, I guess that's a pretty good display of where they are. They can't find out which God's really God. The Father, the Son, or the Holy Ghost. They can't see this. And I need to clear out the fog in the brain, plus the fog machine on the platform. I don't want no fog machine. I don't want no flashing lights. I want hearts that are set on fire of the Holy Ghost that are burning out that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That he's filling young people with the Holy Ghost and changing lives, &gt;&gt; making us love one another and love our enemies like never before. &gt;&gt; But the church has to manufacture something. If you would go to YouTube sometime and pull up some of these so-called worship and this modern day and Christmas programs of the modern day church, it would have been outlawed years ago to even show what they look like and the way they dance and the way they have swings upon the platform and the women sitting there with with hardly no clothes on at all and swinging back and forth. Looks like nothing but a barroom. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine the church of the living God being turned into such filth? &gt;&gt; Tommy rot. &gt;&gt; Sure love y'all. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You see, there's nothing to it. It's a phony. &gt;&gt; If it wasn't, the world would be a flame of the power of God. The church would be on fire. Dead would be raised and all kinds of things would be taking place. But what did she get sewed up before Christ could get to her? He got to her to plant his own seed. Now, you know, the sad part about it is we can no longer leave a lot of this stuff out in the outlying areas, but it's creeping right in our own ranks. Oh, yes, we want youth services. Yes, we want revival. We want what the church is supposed to do. But when it turns into entertainment, it's time for me to leave. Amen. &gt;&gt; If all y'all want to turn into is one big meal after another big meal and hot dogs and hamburgers and, you know, light up the grill. Well, this is my view of it. I'd rather have the hide lit up in the sanctuary than the grill lit up on the patio. &gt;&gt; If I got to get my burning, let me get my burning now. Cuz I sure don't want to stand before God and him say, "You're you're going to be lost, boy. You're going to hell cuz you didn't preach the truth." No. If I got to get burnt, Brother Joel, may God set me on fire. If every time I go to church, my goodness, some of you all, you ought to be jumping up off your pew anyhow just because your hide's getting fried. Amen. If it ain't emotional and you're not a static, God say, "Woo! Oh, help me Jesus. Oh, help me Jesus." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Oh, my hard God. That's what's the matter today. You want some kind of phony makeup with scream and jump and speaking in tongues or something? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Instead of waiting on the real word of God to me made manifest to the bride. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Do we believe in jumping? We do. &gt;&gt; But don't jump no higher and you live. &gt;&gt; You You live high, shout high, brother. &gt;&gt; But if you're lying, cheating, running your mouth and gossiping this and that and the other, don't jump around here. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Jump up out of your seat and come down and be the first to hit the altar. Then jump up from the altar. [Applause] &gt;&gt; There's a bunch of brothers from Uganda and uh Tanzania and Kenya and uh Philippines and Jamaica wanting me to come overseas. Y'all want me to schedule that this week and be gone for about six months and give you a little reprief? Oh my Notice them kind that takes the word of God as God's true bride bringing forth children. They can't die. A child that the bride brings forth on the word can't die because it's the word. Did you get it? She can't die. That child can't die because he's a word child. He's a seed child. He's an eternal child. Hallelujah. That's exactly what Jesus Christ's word. A spoken eternal child didn't have to die, but he did it in order to pay the debt. That's the only way it could be paid. Nobody else could do it. They was all sexual after the devil. The next time you look in the mirror and you think you're so cute and you brothers are so handsome and you just think I am God's gift to women, look at me. Look at that profile. My hair, my teeth, my crooked nose, my big long floppy ears. You're a child of the devil. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about your body. Every man, whether he's a priest, oh hallelujah, or a prophet or a king, he's born between Satan and Eve. And yet we idolize this byproduct &gt;&gt; of Satan. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. She brought a bastard child we are all children of. But God came in the flesh to give us another birth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To bring us back to the original sons and daughters of God. There you are. Just like Christ would have come to the group. He would have come to his church. He promised it. God promised to multiply. But they had to wait until God's time. That's right. &gt;&gt; That's what's the matter today. They don't want to wait to God's time. &gt;&gt; And how many brides moves and brides revivals have we seen? Now remember, every generation gets its chance at a real revival. Every generation of our young people will get their own chance. And you watch what Satan will do. He'll raise up a man from Europe, raise up one from Germany, raise up one from Arizona, from here or there or there. and they'll go out there and they'll forrun that genuine move of God, go to pulling people off to themsel, form a little denominational idea, and they'll have, you know, sometimes it's emotional, sometimes it's intellectual. And what's it there for? To forrun what God's fixing to do for the young people of that generation. Cuz God don't want you young people going in on my experience or your mom and daddy's experience. He wants every generation, listen to me, young people, God wants every generation to have your chance at a revival. your chance at the word of God. The world will never receive one, but the generational people and our young people in our message can have one if they want it. Do you want the memory of your mama's revival, the memory of your daddy's revival, or do you want your own revival? &gt;&gt; It won't be a bunch of hooped up hollowing you this and that and the other and then people that when they hit the ground can't live right. They'll be born of the spirit of God casting out devil. Oh yes, the supernatural will follow their life. But when they're not casting out devils, they're still living so godly and so holy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; My Let me find a place to close. I'm surprised y'all didn't say glory. Hallelujah. The reason that Adam's bride never did bear right the lifechild is because she disbelieved God's word. If that's right, say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now you see what you done. You fulfilled those words after what he said. So you became momentarily that quote. But if you could do it once, I'd say you start doing it more often. Now, not just saying amen. Not just saying amen, but living. Amen. &gt;&gt; Living. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The reason Jehovah's wife was put away or his bride was because she rejected God's word, the prophet. Is that right? The reason Christ's bride is not was is put away in divorcement is because she has rejected the word of God like Eve did like the rest of them. Exactly. All I know. I know that's plain talk. All All polluted. &gt;&gt; Their husband couldn't get to them. They was already pregnantated. before their husband got to them. Brother Donnie, what do we look for? We look and wait patiently for the promised word of this hour to be fulfilled in our lives. That's love, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, godliness, brotherly kindness, all these things. But it also includes casting out devils, healing the sick. It includes every word that God has emphasized in this day. And you know what gets me is Satan has sent men in and around this message that fall in. And no doubt the final climax of the dynamic striking the bride will be such a wonderful awesome thing that before it happens, Satan will have some men going around and saying this and that and the other and it will forrun not just the bride's revival but the bride's body change. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And what does it do? Then when the spirit of God really goes to moving, then people say, "We've done heard that." Yeah, we've done heard and saying that. Look what happened. Yeah. Look at this mistake. Look at that mistake. This person was called out and told this and this one was called out and told that and come to find out it never even happened and this wasn't even true and this this preacher run away with that man's wife and this man done this and that and another. Don't you understand? It's scarecrows &gt;&gt; to scare you. Well, maybe I'm quite simple and I know I am, but how I thought scarecrows were built to scarecrows. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; not built to scare eagles. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I myself am waiting, looking, longing for the refilling of the Holy Ghost in this church. And what will be the dynamics of this church of refilling of the Holy Ghost? We've worked in part while the headstone has been descending the headstone for what? On top of the body. So if you got a headstone that's this size and the only thing you've got is faith and your foundation is this big and you bring the headstone down and set it on top of that big foundation. &gt;&gt; And you're going to say, "I'm a complete Christian. I'm ready to go." No, you're not. Each layer has to be there. And as the layers come, it's getting narrower, narrow, narrow, and narrow. And then right on top, brotherly kindness, we'll be right there for only God knows how long. And there'll be this flat edge right on the very top of us. The flatness proves to us we're waiting on something. And what comes the headstone which is a miniature pyramid itself. So it's Christ. It's all of him in the form of charity now coming to set down right on the very top of this pyramid. &gt;&gt; Yes sir. &gt;&gt; And when he does the dead in Christ shall rise first. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; It won't be a repeat of Pentecost. It will not be a repeat of Acts 2 or 1906. No. It's going to be a resurrection from the dead. &gt;&gt; It will be so massive. All the saints of God will be released out of the sixth dimension in a moment of time. Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; Don't you want to be ready? &gt;&gt; Stand. [Applause] Ecclesiastes 7:8 says it this way, "Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof. And the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit." &gt;&gt; Yes, that's good. The patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit. Let's bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, I pray you'd help us. Lord, help me. Lord, and every one of your God called men that are around the world trying to do their best to bring a pure word not added with human ideas and conceptions and just seed word. Help each of us, Father, to realize what a responsibility us preachers have. I know one day I'll have to stand before you and give an account for every sermon that I've ever preached. I've never preached a perfect one. Every one of them's had flaws in them. I misqued a scripture or misqued a quote or whatever. I didn't intentionally do it, but it's just the human part. That can be pretty discouraging within itself. to think you've given decades of your life doing a certain thing and you actually never master it. You never really become very good at it. It's like someone else is using you for that purpose and they don't want you to have glory, which is fine with me. I don't worry about the glory part, but I'll tell you, sir, there's something that does concern me. I don't want to fail you. I don't want to fail you. I don't want to fail your children. I know many of these people here today, they've been hurt, let down by preachers. Many that'll stream this service from different parts of the world. They've been let down by preachers, confused by preachers. Some of them are ain't but one preacher away from not even believing preachers at all. But I pray we could learn from the example of the prophet of God as he was treated so bad by preachers. They did so many things to him. And yet he wanted both of his sons to become preachers because to him it was one of the highest honors that they could ever have. So that teaches us something, Lord, that he himself knew more about him. And unlike me, I'll hug a brother's neck and say, "Oh, brother, I love you so much and you're such a dear friend." And little do I realize that dear friend or that person I'm calling a dear friend has a knife and they're fixing to lay it wide open in my back cuz I like all these people have been deceived by people. I've been deceived by people. I've been deceived by preachers. But I still believe in them today, Lord. And I thank you for that. We believe that we still need God call men to be able to bring the word and help us to be able to build this stature of a perfect man. It'll truly be a miracle when it's accomplished that all around the world the elect of God will come to that place finally on one day whenever it is every one of them will have reached that place and you'll be able to leave the throne and come and take us home. How we long for that day Lord Jesus. I pray you'd help me and these sheep that you've committed to my charge, my father. May I be faithful. May I be true. Lord God, help every servant, every man of God here today that we would like never before have such a desire to serve your little bride, to lay our own agendas, our own ideas aside, to preach Christ Jesus. Not to preach ourselves, but to preach you. Oh God, we love you so much. We worship you today, Father. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. With every head bowed, with no one looking around, please, I wonder, is there anyone here today that say I I I realize, Brother Donnie, after hearing this, I I need a closer walk with the Lord. I I don't want to be caught up in nothing that displeases God. God bless you. God bless you, saints. God bless you. Amen. Me too. I raise both my hands. Lord Jesus, I want to be more like you, Father. Oh Jesus, we worship you today. We adore you, Lord God. We bless your holy name. Thank you, Father. Oh, can we just love him? Now, let's just close our eyes and open our hearts to him. Now, remember, he's not just your savior. If you're bride, he's not just your Lord. If you're bride, he's your husband. And he wants to be your lover. He wants to be your lover. Remember the prophet tells us that 1956. He says these simple great words. God is a lover and he wants to take some of your starchy hearts and make love to you. So God wants to come near us. Not just in church or he does in church, but he wants to come near us. Maybe on your job, at home, wherever it is. And him just surrounds you with his presence. And then you go to responding and reacting. Lord Jesus, I love you. I love you, Father. You sisters, you and your husband are in love. You love each other. You know what it means to you if he just walks up and puts his arms around you and tells you how much he loves you. You're the most precious woman in all the world to him. It just does something to you. I don't care if you've been married 40 years, 50 years. It just does something to you. Oh, when Jesus comes near us, you realize that's his presence coming near us. It's him in the God form. putting his arms, as it were, around you and pulling you up close to him and whispering secrets to you. I love you before the world began. You were mine. I called you. I chose you and nothing can pull you out of my care. Oh, hallelujah. Praise be to God. Praise be to God. Can we just worship him just a little bit? Now, I know some of you heard the service that I preached over at Brother Joe's the other night, but let me repeat it again. When the Schulamite is coming up the ascent up to Jerusalem, and she's on Solomon's palquin, it has elements of silver, gold, purple. The little carpet laying on the bottom of the paloquin was interwoven with fabric of colors. And they would as they would plat this together and have interwoven stories of victories inside that carpet. And that poor little Galilean girl probably never even seen a paloquin in her life. But yet those men on the outside, 60 men of the strongest of Israel, and they would give their life for her. It's about a twoight journey. And the Bible said they had their sword strapped to their side because of fear of the night. It's where we are, but Joel, the nighttime, the darkness, it's all around us. But God's got some pastors, some evangelists, some teachers on the earth to help the little bride. But they can only help you &gt;&gt; if you will allow them to. &gt;&gt; Why would you be in such horrific battles in your life and not reach out to servants of God to help you? I don't understand. They're here to help you. They're here to encourage. They're here to speak words of encouragement and offer prayer. And the verse six there it says describing her and then it's like a voice of someone in Jerusalem or in the nether part of Jerusalem coming down the rampart and looking down through there and they see they see as they're coming and it's the bridal party and this voice rings out. Who is this? Who is this that cometh from the wilderness? And then this voice describes what they saw that they saw this this coming this this person. Who is this? Who is this different person asked the same thing in the book of Isaiah? Who is this that cometh from Boazer with dyed garments on? Another person asked it in the book of Matthew, "Who is this that the whole city &gt;&gt; is an uproar about?" You see what who all this who this is, don't you? It's about the bride and his groom. And they saw these pillars of smoke, two great columns of smoke arising. If you read that, you notice they didn't say pillars of fire. but pillars of smoke. So, an altar of incense and an altar of sacrifice, myrrh, frankincense, all these expensive, truly exotic spices that were offered and they were coming right up with the bride. So, they were waving branches. It must have been a sight to behold. They're waving branches as she's coming and singing and praising and and all this. And here's solemn. Now remember, against protocol for him to go to her land of Shunam in the upper northern part of the Galilee of Issachar. Against protocol for him to go all the way to her land and set his foot on her land. But he sent his own paloquin and he's going to leave his home and she's left her home and they're going to meet out there in the middle somewhere. Our Lord Jesus don't put his foot upon this earth. But we'll leave our home and he'll leave his and we'll meet in the middle of the air where the heavens is expanded to receive us. There will be multiplied millions. Millions. Now remember, Peter's going to get his glorified body. He ain't got it yet. All the church ages are waiting on us. I don't blame the devil. I'd be doing all the work he's doing, too. If he can keep us fussing and fighting and arguing and following the survival and that and that and that. He knows the resurrection will be held. But here she comes and Solomon steps out crowned with the crown that his mother gave him. You imagine the little lady as they come up the soldiers and the paloquin stops and one of the soldiers pull back the curtain and said, "We have arrived, my lady." She must have been so nervous and so apprehensive. She'd probably never even seen a paloquin before in her life. But she stepped out. Let's just say for the sake of today's sermon and she stepped down the seven steps &gt;&gt; because she ascended the seven steps to come up in and sat down. And one of the guards comes, "My lady, takes her by the hand." Two days before she was tending sheep and picking maiders and cucumbers. And do you understand? You may get up one morning to go out and pick your flowers and and feed your cows and water your dogs and take care of your cat if you got one of them things. And you may be out there, you know, washing your car, brother down, painting the door, the last door you'll ever paint. And that very evening, you'll be in another dimension. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let's get ready. &gt;&gt; Let's get ready. Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land where I'm bound? Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land where I'm bound? There'll be no dying in that land. Ain't God in that land. There'll be no dying in that land where we're bound. Be no dying in that land. Be no dying. Let's say it now, children. dying in that land where I'm bound. There's only joy in that land. Only joy. No sadness, no trouble, no heartaches. Only joy in that land where the bride is found. Only joy and peace in that land. Only joy in that land. Only joy in that land where I'm bound. Let's sing it together now. Don't you want to go? Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land where I'm mine? Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land? Don't you want to go to that land where I'm bound? [Music] Praise God. Turn around, shake, come at somebody's hand and say, "I want to see you there at that land. I want to see all of you children. Oh, I want to see you." Hallelujah. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let's sing a little now before we go. Ever of his saving grace. Now on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. My cares aren't pass on my last ever to rejoice. Well, oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. My voice cares all past at last ever to rejoice. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all past, home at last, ever to rejoice as I journey through the land. Singing as I go, &gt;&gt; as I go, &gt;&gt; pointing souls to Calary. Come on, let's sing it together. Crimson flow. Thank you, Lord God. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; But my Lord leads me. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, he does. &gt;&gt; Everybody I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh sing forever of the same grace. Out upon the streets of gloryy. Let me lift my voice. All my cares are passed. I'm home at last ever to joy. And the church said, "Amen." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen to the word today? And the church said, "Do you believe what you've heard?" Are you going to be what you heard? Amen. Everybody now. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing it as you go this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
