################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - Getting In The Spirit Pt 176 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt 176
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96LY8Eu2izc
========================================

Signs of the time. They're everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. So keep your eyes. Hallelujah. upon the glory. Lift up your head. Redemption draw [Music] time have come and gone since I first heard. All that right now Jesus will come back again. Amen. Someday [Applause] [Music] back there. It seems so real. Oh, it seems so real. I just I just can't help but feel how much Oh, sing it to him, church. He is. Oh, I know that sign of the time, they're everywhere. There's a brand new feeling in the air. You keep your eyes. Hallelujah. Upon this sky. Hallelujah. Lift up your head. Redemption drawing nigh. [Music] There's war and strife on every hand. All that's right. And by the spirit, it feels still some people. Oh, they still doubt he'll ever come again. Oh, but the believer believes this. Amen. I know the word. My God is true. Hallelujah. Redeem is joy. Yes, he will. Don't lose hope for soon Christ Jesus. Amen. He will descend. I know that sign of the time. They're everywhere. There's a brand new beginning in the air. So keep your eyes hallelujah upon the sky. Lift up your head. Redemption drawing none. [Music] Now wars and strife on every hand. Violence it fills our land. Still some people doubt he'll ever come again. We know the word. We know that the word of God is true. True. He will redeem. Yes, he will. Chosen few church. Don't lose hope. Don't lose hope soon Christ. I know that shines of the time there everywhere [Applause] there's a brand new feeling in the air. Oh, keep your eyes, keep your eyes upon the sky. Hallelujah. Lift up your head. Redemption draws my lift. Lift up your head. Red. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise if you believe it tonight. Brother Josiah, would you come? You can be seated. Give Brother Josiah Lenichek a nice hand as he sings tonight. Brother Harry will be singing after him. [Music] [Music] Four years I tried Travel a road all wrong. My heart had lost every joy, every song. Then grace it placed me right where I belong. When mercy reroll my life, God's mercy ruled my life. God's mercy ruled my life. I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy rero my life. my mistakes that day. He turned into miracles. My tears were turned into joy. Lord, my sins were forgiven and my name was written. When mercy reroll my life when mercy reroll my life God's mercy ruled my [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy rero my life. my mistakes that day. He turned into a miracle. My tears were turned into joy. My sins were forgiven and my name was written. When mercy re my life. and mercy rule my life. God's mercy rer my life. I should have fallen. My soul cast down mercy re my life. I could have fallen. My soul pass down. God mercy reroll my life. [Applause] Someone asked me to sing this. It's not been too long since I sung it, but it's I love the song. Aren't you glad Mercy rewrote your life? I'm glad Mercy rewrote my life many times, even since I've been a Christian. He's never gave up on me. On a balcony of space stepped a pure and holy God. And in awome solitude he stood alone. Not one faint star to give him light, just endless rolling blackest night. But somehow through all the darkness [Music] he could see. He saw mountains high and lofty. He saw valleyies lush and green. Babbling brooks wild flowers growing. Even heard a robin sing. But he felt a strange compassion as close to love as pain could be. Standing out there in tomorrow. He saw me. [Music] He saw me in his likeness. He saw me like him. [Music] clean and holy, spotless white within. But he saw me bound in heavy chains and long to set me free. But he knew if I became like him, he must become like me. [Applause] So Jesus paid it all. All to him I owe. [Music] Sin had left a crimson stain, but he washed it white as snow. [Music] [Applause] God's grace. Grace that is greater than all my sins. Sing it. Oh, grace. Praise God. [Music] Oh, grad. [Music] Grace gra [Music] with grace God's grace Sing it again. Grace, grace, grace, amazing grace. Don't you thank God for grace? Praise will God [Music] [Laughter] [Music] grace is Gater than all I see. [Music] Let's just bow our heads tonight. Heavenly Father, how thankful we are for that tonight. If it wasn't for that, there wouldn't be a one of us saved. Furthermore, there wouldn't be one of us that even would want to be saved. We were born in such darkness. Even the seed of God was shadowed in such depths of anxiety and desperation and darkness. It looked like it was impossible for light to ever strike our soul. But you made a way. And for that we will be eternally grateful. Then Lord, we know that we don't do our works that we could try to pay you back because there's no way we could ever pay you back. And you don't want payment back. If we could just understand it correctly that we do works and things that you ask us to do because we love you and because we want to render obedience from a faithful and true heart to your word. But Lord Jesus, we are recipients of your mercy and grace. And there's not a one of us here tonight that's worthy as far as worthy. And any of us could say, "Well, I did this and I come from this family and my father did this, my grandfather." No, but it's your grace. We ask you tonight, Lord, that we would never we would never turn the grace of our God into lasciviousness and be abusers of grace. But may we always be appreciative and thankful every day of our life. Help us tonight as we look into your word. Father, you see the needs of your children. Help me to get out of the way. Bless us as we feed upon your word in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's happy to be in church on Wednesday night? Amen. What about the rest of you? Did y'all come for a hot dog or a hamburger or bag of tater chips? How many's happy to be in church on Wednesday night? All right. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. That's wonderful. Genesis 24:21. And the man wondering at her held his peace to whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands and 10 shekels weight of gold. Verse 26. And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. The man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. Now it is said that Eleazar was a gentile, not a Jew. Not a Jew. So, he was a gentile that was sent to get a bride for Isaac. But there's something about this gentile. I know some of you looking at me funny. You want scripture? All right, honey. I got it for you. Genesis 15:2. And Abram said, Lord God, what wilt thou give me? Seeing I go in what country? Anybody know what? Syria. Syria. Syria. But there's something about this man being around the prophet Abraham. He picked up on some of Abraham's ways. Being a Syrian from Syria, which was idoltors. Now, think of it. The truth of the one God was not known around the world yet. It was polytheistic. You know what that means? That means they believed in more than one God. Abram was the first man in this time slot that God had started revealing to him monotheism which is believing in one God. Not three persons in one god but literally one God. So this servant, gentile servant had learned several valuable things from the prophet Abraham. And one of them was learned how to worship. I want you to notice how that the writer here of the book of Genesis which was Moses and how that he sets these things in order in what Eleazar and the man bowed down his head bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. Now remember what he's done. He's asked her several questions and she's giving back the right answers. Now, I want you to also notice that he went looking for a bride for Isaac. Look at where he went and where he didn't go. He didn't go to a brothel. He did not go to a place to where ill-famed women by their reputation would have been gathering together. But he went to a well. A well. Now, it was not one that had a spot and they'd stand there, but it was one that a woman would go to, a woman that was faithful, a woman that would work, a woman that would go down the spiral, come back up, and remember, she wound up going approximately 60 times in order to water these camels. And I want you to notice that he didn't just tell her all the things. Now you got to do this and you got to do that and you got to do that and you got to do that and you got to do that. But he more so asked her questions than what he told her to do. But you see in this being around the influence of God's prophet, he had learned that if you'll be around people long enough, if you listen carefully, you can find out where they are and who they are. Now, I'll say it again, just reminding those of you that are looking for a girlfriend or a boyfriend, and whether you're 18 or 38 or 48 or 68, one of the greatest mistakes that many people make when they are interested in someone is they don't ask enough questions. They don't ask enough questions. But now this was Eleazar's calling card. Ask of yourself and not to live in hell on earth. Ask questions and ask a lot of them and don't be afraid to ask them. And one of the first ones that you could ask, if you're not sure who they are, ask them if they're a Christian. And if they tell you they're not, I want to know what in the world you're even doing considering such a one for a a companion or a date, as you call it, or a girlfriend or a boyfriend. Come on. Don't tell me y'all going to start out quiet on me already. Or you say, "Brother Donnie, I might be able to lead them to the Lord." And how is that going to work when you're compromising on the very foundation of your relationship? So, it's not them giving up the ground, it's you. Because God's word tells you to not join yourself with someone baptizing titles or are you baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus? Oh, brother Donnie, I'm not going to get into that because I'm going to win them to the Lord. Are you sure about that or will they win you? Now just remember there are people who have not followed God's pattern and they've married people that was not believers and God by his grace saved their companion but they are not supposed to be your example because there's not one promise in God's word that he is obligated to do such when you overstep his word. Well, I say I'm going to have to preach an amen myself too tonight. So, you see, whenever Eleazar was sent down there, it was absolutely vital and important that he go to ask him a bunch of questions. Now, he would have not showed up at a local Brussel or a place where you could hire a woman or a denominational prostitute and looking for a bride. But where did he go? He went to a well. What's he looking for? A woman that's not afraid of work. A woman that's sent there under the headship of her father. If she doesn't know how to obey her father, right, she won't know how to obey a husband, right? If she's a modernday painted Jezebel that's rebellious against the word and the leadership in the home under a father, what makes you young boys think shall ever be subject to you? Well, praise the Lord. So, where did he go? He went to the right place, the well. At the well is the water of life. at the well, good things can come forth. So, he goes to the right place looking for the right kind of woman. And he don't start handing out gold and silver cuz there ain't no telling who in the world you'll get if you do that first. But the first thing you go to doing is asking questions. And every question he asked her, she had the right answer. Are you a Christian? I am. How are you baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? How many gods do you worship? Amen. Do you believe in holiness? Do you pray? Do you read your Bible? Come on, somebody. Don't sit there and look at me like that. Or do you ask them what's their favorite movie? What's their favorite book to read? And you're looking for a Holy Ghost fililled wife. Woo! Pour it in, Lord. If you're looking for a woman to raise your children that's a real daughter of God, don't be scared to ask her godly questions. Don't ask her things that's stupid. Don't ask her things that's of a worldly nature. Unless, of course, that's the kind of woman you're looking for. I say, "Shame on you sons of God." That would court such a woman. Shame on you sisters that would court a man that's a Baptist or a church of Christ or a church of God and that's the kind of man you want to be the head of your home. Shame on you. Oh, I tell you, brother Donnie, I am so desperate. Don't you measure that so-called desperation to a place that you'll lower your standard and wind up with a drunk or a wife beater. I'd rather live 30 years by myself and wait on a real son or daughter of God to be your true companion than wind up getting married at 18 or 20 and regret it the rest of your life. Well, go ahead and give the Lord a hand. Now you see this man after he had started delivering the message to me this proves the potential and the power of what he's already said. Now he's not even asked her father yet. He's not even asked the head of the home which Laban her brother is going to be the spokesman for the home. And he's not even asked them at all. He's not even met them. But right there, because of her godly answers, he already knows God's working it all out. So, he didn't have to pray about it for 6 months to find out if she's going to be the right one. As I told a young man several years ago that was dating a very worldly girl, a painted face, bobhaired, Jezebel looking thing, and I told him, I said, "Brother, do you realize what you are doing?" Oh, brother Donnie, I'm trying to lead her to the Lord and I'm trying to lead her to the message. And I said, do you realize what you're doing while you're trying to lead her there? You are forfeiting your testimony among the people of God where you go to church with. And I know the church you go to and your pastor and the people there and they're fine people. and you every time they see you is that type of a woman and you're plastered all over social media with her dressed like I don't know what and you are allowing her to mar your testimony. So say you go 6 months or a year or a year and a half and then you finally tell her you believe God sent a prophet. You yell belly coward and chicken. Well, praise the Lord. I wonder if you really understand the force of this message. Eleaser never waited for 6 months down the road. He laid it on her at the initial stage. Oh, you say, "Brother Donnie, what will it do?" Well, I'll tell you one thing. I'm afraid we're such pansies and we're such chickens and cowards that we've raised up a bunch of bastards inside the message of the hour. They can't take the word. They can't take hard preaching. and in 5 years, 10 years, they show theirel what they are. If they're ordained of God, you can't run them off. You cannot preach it too hard for them. You preach a hard service and they'll be right back every night. But we're trying to win people. Yeah, we're winning them. All right. And we quit preaching the message. Do you understand? Some message preachers don't even want you to read quotes no more. There was a message preacher that told some friends of mine not long ago. Don't mention Brother Brandham's name now and don't read no quotes because I'm trying to win people to the message. So you win them to the message by silencing the word of God for the hour. Poor blind leaders. You see what Satan's doing? He'll have somebody there new every service if you'll shut up on the message of the hour. We've had a lot of folks come new. And you know what? I ain't going to give them a year and a half or 3 years or four years to understand what we believe. I'm trying to preach you into a body change. Do you want me to compromise? Do you want me to water it down because we get a visitor here and a visitor there? Or do you want me to pray preach bride style? Do you want me to preach rapturing style? Do you want me to preach maturity style? Hallelujah. So Alie Ezer gives Rebecca this part of the message and she starts responding immediately. Now I want you to notice his response to her response. He bows his head and he worships the Lord. Now he don't worship Abraham and he don't worship Isaac and he don't worship Rebecca but he worships the Lord Jehovah Adoni. Now remember a gentile but after the message started being delivered then he started worshiping. I find this so consequential to the message of the hour that we as the people of God are not just recipient and receivers of truth but after we have receive the truth then we should start worshiping like never before. Now when I mention worshiping I don't mean that we're you know that we're we're we're so loud and and that we never hear the preacher. No I ain't talking about that. I ain't talking about running up down the house. You you want to run them down the house, go right ahead and you want to praise God. Praise God. But I want you to notice it's after we get something then it sparks this fire of worship. Now the Bible doesn't say nothing about him worshiping whenever he asked her the question. It did not say anything about him worshiping as soon as he saw her at the well. Now he was praying. You understand? He was praying. Now Lord God, please help me. You know the prophet said the angel of God beat him there about 30 minutes. So once he got there then he started setting forth the message and after the message was starting to be delivered then this man set in motion something we don't even know what her faith was. We don't know where she was. Remember she was out under the tutorship of Abraham and we know what Laban was. He was an idoltor. But there was seed laying down inside of Rebecca. Even though she might not have been taught, but what was this messenger doing? As she responded to the word and he saw that response, then he started worshiping. Who knows? She may have never seen it done that way before. Now, let's see if this parallels with the message in the last day. Now, watch this. The mighty conqueror, peace, peace. Now, the prophet and the saints there, they are singing and the worshiping the Lord. He said, "Let's just raise up our hands to worship God." Wonderful peace are the words he's saying. Coming down from the father above, sweep over my spirit, I pray, and fathomless billows of love. Let's sing it quietly like this. Now, peace, just worship now. Wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit, I pray, in the fathomless billow of love. Brother Brandham Hums just bathed in his beauty. Bathed in his beauty. Wow. What a call from the messenger. Now notice how he relates in these things. I'm going to read to you. Wonderful piece coming down from the father above. Now what's he doing? He's creating after the message which is called the mighty conqueror in Edmonton. After he preached that, now he's encouraging the people to worship and actually then move into a place of bathing. Bathing in the beauty of the Lord. So I wonder if this don't tie in with the scripture that he will beautify the meek with salvation. You see why Satan wants us to get in such a big hurry after the words over. Then we've all got to rush out and we've got to go, you know, oh my, we got to do this and that and the other and Santa turn for 45 minutes or 30 minutes or whatever it is or go here there because we got to go get a hamburger and French fries and you miss your bathing in the beauty of the Lord. Notice again in Hebrews tabernacle of course just worship him in your soul. Now see getting quiet. The healing service is coming up. The message is over. Let's worship. The message is over. Let's worship again. He said now with our heads bowed quietly, slowly. Let's just sing this song out. This is worship. The message is over. No one leave. Right. Rroll. Amen. Come on. The message is over. No one leave. Just be quiet. Let's worship. Which lets me know a lot of folks don't know how to worship like this. Because unless we are jumping like Pentecost and screaming like Pentecost, people think we're not worshiping. Well, one or two things we're going to have to do. We're going to think you know more about worship than God's prophet. Or God's prophet know more about worship than you do and than I do. And I admit it right here tonight. He knows a lot more about worship, about God, about water baptism, about just about everything as far as I know right now than I ever will know and before I ever did know. But the truth of it is, can we submit to the teaching of the Ezra that was sent to us or do we want to instruct him? Now watch Elijah and the meal offering. all at your message. Just don't you feel all scoured out. Just the Holy Spirit cleaning your heart from all unbelief, putting you right back in track with God again. Oh, now the now the is the time to worship him. The message is over. So, let's just worship. So, I went into Kroger today and when I told Carol I was looking for a certain drink that I like, a pineapple drink that's only seasonal. And I went in there to get it and there was a little bitty old girl probably about that tall. And I met her coming in the aisle and she had a little box in in her hands. I couldn't tell what it was. crackers, cookies, I don't know what it was, but she had that little box and she had both hands around it like this and she held it right up to her little chest and she was walking down the aisle with her eyes closed like this and saying, "I'm so glad I found you." I about had a spell cuz I thought, "Oh, Jesus." And I I didn't tell him, "I'm so glad I found you." But you know what I told him, don't you? I'm so glad you found me. Oh, hallelujah. To me, I know that's weird, but I just look for God for for things that God can speak to me. And I could just see me. I could just see me being pulled up to the very chest of God and God saying about me and about you, I'm so glad I found you. I'm so glad I got you. And I thought, bless her heart. I believe the Lord worked it out where I could just see that little old. It was just absolutely a phenomenal moment because she had them little eyes closed and she just had that look on her face. I don't know what it was. It might have been broccoli chips. It might have been reffried broccoli. It might have been kale. I don't have a clue. But you know what? She would didn't ask me what I thought about it. Oh, she knows what she's so happy. I am so happy tonight that I'm in the message of the last day. I'm so happy I'm identified with people that still believe the full gospel of Jesus Christ. I'm so happy we go to a church that sees the power of the living God. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. Hallelujah. Watch him again. I love him. Now, let's worship. We've had a cutting message. Let's worship. Isn't it strange though that he would identify after a cutting, scouring hard sermon to worship cuz most people's pouting or mad or, you know, they're upset or whatever whatever they're they're processed and they're, you know, everybody don't go that way. Of course, a lot of them are thankful and they're grateful to God and they say, "Okay, yeah, I've got to measure up and they leave outbururdened." That's not even the right way to do it either. Even until you hear yourself being corrected and you say, "Lord, I'm so wrong." What you want to do is put worship right on top of that correction. Just pull that w that worship. Say, "Thank you, Lord, for telling me the truth. I'm not leaving you tonight defeated." Boy, he read my life. I'm telling you, but I thank God for it. I thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. I want you to listen to this. A brother here in the church sent this to me this week. A groundbreaking 2016 study by Dr. Michael Ferguson using MRI scans revealed that worship activates a unique combination of brain systems unlike any other experience. While emotions like love, music or beauty each stimulates specific areas of the brain, worship stands apart by lighting up multiple networks simultaneously. So they done MRI scans on people that was worshiping God. And I saw these scans whenever I did research on this to pull it up. And it was amazing that here was these parts of the brain in the MRI and they were lit up almost like a reddish orange and all they were doing they wasn't high. They wasn't drinking but they was just simply worshiping the Lord. And it did something, hallelujah, inside of their brain. Amen. I'll tell you one thing, just for health purposes, you ought to want to praise him more. [Laughter] [Music] Oh, glory. Notice the c the scan showed that worship engages the three systems at once. the reward system, moral reasoning centers, focused attention network. Oh my, that's why people describe it as being in a different category entirely because it is the brain responds to worship like it was made for it. The brain responds to worship like it was made for. This is why the prophet said, "You was not made to worry. You were not made to be sad." I know we've got so many things we're going through in life, but does the sadness help it? Does worry make it any better? But what can worship do? worship can go and illuminate the reward system in your brain, which are the endorphins, and release the things inside of your body. It ain't no wonder the devil don't want us to worship God or just get in a formal thing. Well, hallelujah. Hallelujah. No, don't do that. But God wants to do it with all of our heart, our soul, our might, our strength. Notice this on the voice of the sign. Everybody's saying in the spirit now a real cutting message. Let's worship him in his presence. Let's worship him in his presence. I want you to notice that anybody did did it stick out to anybody in any of these quotes that he never mentioned one thing about feeling. Never mentioned one thing about if you feel it, worship him. If you don't feel it, don't. Anybody notice he never said nothing like that. He just said worship, worship. But I don't m I don't feel it. Don't matter. Supposed to worship him anyhow. Lift up holy hands or that wrath and doubting him. Now, why? It does something after the message is preached. It's not just a joyous type of message that makes us all rejoice. Anybody can do that. But sometimes when it's hard and cutting and yet we're able to sit there and say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus, for your word. You love me so much. It proves I'm one of yours because you knew I was wrong and you anointed a servant of God to tell me the truth about it." Now watch. Let's let's shift it now. I didn't get quite done with that last Wednesday night. The the moar is the price that is paid for the bride or call the bride price. It's considered from the the husband, the bridegroom and his family as I mentioned to you last week and week before I as well that they are getting a great asset and the bride's family is losing one. Now, let me just tell you right now, there ain't a quality of people nowhere that you'll ever find quite like the bride. As a matter of fact, I know that a lot of these folks out here in the world, they make fun of us denominational people and so on. They ridicule us. All these believe the sign people that's left the message and all that sort of thing. They hate us. But in reality, they would love to have Daryl Ward on their side. They would love to have Tim Puit. My goodness, that little blackheaded blackeyed man, I'm telling you what, if you imagine if he was on the believe the sign side, can you imagine some of these other brothers if they was on that side? You imagine what they would do if they would switch and go over to them. Oh, they love it so much. Why? Because there's something about us, but that's why we're on the side we're on. You see, that's the very reason. Can you imagine if the devil could have had Joshua on his side? Can you imagine if he'd been able to have Caleb on his side, but his side wasn't good enough for Caleb? Come on, somebody. I'll tell you one thing. There is nobody like the bride of Christ around the world. They have a determination. They've got a strength. They've got a revelation. They've got something the devil's children can't even dream about having. And the truth of it is the devil, if you hear him say it, I wish he was mine. I wish she was mine. I wish he was mine. Sorry, devil. We belong to another. We have already been bought and prayed for, paid for. We are not for sale. Now notice the father of the groom's integrity and stature was at stake considering the bride price. It made no difference how poor the bride's family were. They did not give this price to their family because their family were what's it like this so you can relate. Well, the bridegroom's family was millionaires and the bride's family was millionaires. So, they all kind of you know chummed around all hung out at the same places and all that sort of thing. So, they felt it obligatory to be able to give them a millionaire's purse. No. If the bride was as poor as Job's turkey, as brother Bram said, it had nothing to do with her family and where she come from. It all had to do with the father of the bridegroom. So he would pay an extravagant amount. You imagine a poor poor girl that felt like she'd never find anybody that would ever love her and ever be able to care for her. Many of you remember years ago when brother told that story about the 10 cow bride and how it changed that bride, the way she walked and the way she talked and the way she acted. Don't you understand why? It was based upon the character, the wealth and and he wants to pay an extravagant price not to reflect you. Not because you're worth it in the initial buying stages. Don't you understand? We shame him. We shame him when we act like that that oh I'm not worthy. I'm not I'm not good enough. I'm not good enough. Well, of course you're not. He knew that too. But if he paid that price, don't shame him anymore. Oh, like that 10 cow bride. Life fitting as the queen of heaven. So notice then it was the father of the bridegroom. So it would be considering his stature and his wealth. It would be a fitting price for the bride based upon what the father was worth. 1 Corinthians chapter 6 19. What know ye not that your body is a temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which ye have of God and ye are not your own? Are ye a Oh my ye are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body, in your spirit, which are gods. Amen. 1 Peter 1:18, "For as much as that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, both from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers, but with the precious blood of Christ." And the Greek word precious has a twofold meaning. costly in the sense of value and highly esteemed or held in high honor. So the blood of Christ is costly essentially and inherently precious because it's God's blood. Acts 20 28 if you'd like to write it down. We're redeemed by the blood of God. The universe had nothing more valuable than the blood of the Lord Jesus. Gold, silver, oh my, all the precious gems of the earth couldn't even compare. 1 Peter 1:20, who verily was fore orained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times for you, having been bought with such a price. Then what does that do? That reflects upon the bride in the way that she looks at his grace. What helps you to see that the majority of Christendom in the day we live does not have an idea, a concept of this at all. They think because the blood is there, they can do whatever they want to do, live any way they want to live. And it's a shame a lot of the message folks are getting the same way. They're getting cold and indifferent with God and the world creeping back in their lives, creeping back in their home and said, "Well, I'm the bride of Christ." If you're the bride of Christ, act like it. Act like that you are one that is worthy recipient of the blood of the Lord Jesus. Oh my our mahar. The bride price was the life of the Lord Jesus. And this price was required by law. Romans 8:3. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemns sin where not in heaven but in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Now then along with Eleazar's camel train he has an assortment of gifts those gifts will overlap. So there are gifts that is the bride price which will go to the mother the father if the father's not gone it'll be an elder brother and then there's also the matan matan it was called. And these are the love gifts. M- a tan. These are the love gifts not required but most of the time given from the bridegroom. Now remember the mohar was from the bridegroom's father. The matan is from the bridegroom himself. So the father paid the price for God so loved the world. We know one of the most famous scriptures in the New Testament. So believers are given gifts from our bridegroom himself. Can we look at a few of them tonight? Forgiveness of sins. Acts 13:38. Be it known unto you, therefore, men and brethren, that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins. And the bride said, "Amen." Ephesians 1:7, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace." Colossians 1:14, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins. Another one of the things that he imparted into his bride. Now, this is a personal impartation from the groom himself, eternal life. St. John 10:27, "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me, and I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand." Now, this is a matan. This is specifically from the bridegroom to the bride. Another one is acceptance. Ephesians 1:5, "Having predestinated us, uh oh, the early church believed in predestination, so does our church." Now, for those people who are leaving the message, this is what we as message people believe. We believe the Bible. So, when you're leaving the message, you're leaving a big portion of the Bible behind you. And the Word of Life Church said, "Amen." I'd really weigh my odds when you're talking about leaving the message. Because in the message, we believe you're saved by the blood of the Lord Jesus through the grace of God. We believe there's a heaven. We believe there's a hell. We believe that there's one God. We believe in water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We believe he founded the church. He made the church. He's coming back for the church. We believe if you disobey him, you go to hell and you will be annihilated. Should I go on? That's what we believe as message people. So when people say they're leaving the message, that's quite a mouthful. Amen. Praise the Lord. Notice, oh, thank you, Jesus. To the praise of the glory of his grace when he has made us most of us have wanted our whole lives to be accepted. Except a lot of times it was by people that really didn't matter anyway. But we want to be accepted. Come on, young people. You know what that's like. Whenever some young people in our church will have their own little click and they won't let you in and you get your feelings hurt and you know it ain't just so with young people. It's so with old people. It's so with preachers. Preachers will have their little click and they won't let certain ones in. And if you cross them in that click, then they'll push you out and then they won't have nothing to do with you no more. And you know, it's kind of and it hurts us all. And we want to be accepted. Well, I'll tell you one thing. I've been kicked out of a lot of clicks of years in my life. I have no doubt I'll be kicked out of a whole lot more. But there's one thing I will never be kicked out of, and that is the acceptation of Almighty God. It seems to get together and said, "Brother Donny's losing his mind." That's what it is. And some of the preachers say he's he's crazy. There's something going on. He say, "We don't want him here no more." And you take my name off the sign out yonder and you vote somebody else in. But there's one thing about it. You might get rid of me here, but you won't be able to get rid of me over there. Cuz I am accepted in the beloved. Not because you think I am. Not because other people think I am, but because I have met God's requirement. Aren't you glad for that? Notice another thing now that's in our matan. Oh, and we all need this peace. Amen. St. John 14:27, "Peace I," Notice who's saying this, "The bridegroom, our husband. Peace I leave with you. My peace." How many needs more of it in this troubled hour? I'll tell you one thing. I sure do, saints. My peace I give unto you, not as the world giveth give unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. Lord, help me. Lord, help me. Philippians 4:7, "And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds." Through who? Your bridegroom. Not your faithfulness, not your attendance, not your tithe paying. He will do that through Jesus Christ. It's as simple as us being able to allow him to do it. It just overwhelms me that we would rather hold on to fear and we would rather hold on to anxiety and we would rather hold on to worry than to let it go and let peace overwhelm us. And then you can be like the little girl in the grocery store. I'm so glad I found you. I'm so glad I found you. I'll let my worry go. But you can't hold on to both of them. Now that little girl doesn't have room and her little arms, her little arms are so tiny and so small. She didn't have room enough for you know for a box of crackers and saltines and you know sugar-free gyro this and that and the other she didn't have enough room brother Jim and the more if we can just lighten up friends up oh lighten up all your worry and your anxiety and your fear and realize you just got a little bit of set arms and just pull it right Jesus thank you Lord I've got peace I've got joy there's hell all around me there's trouble there's anxiety there's all kinds of things around me Lord to make me worry but I'm feeling Pretty strange. I've been a warrior all my life, but I've got peace now. Lord, wouldn't it be awesome if there'd be some of the bride members get that before the rapture? So, what are we all going to do? Oh, I know. We're going to wait till the millennium and then in the millennium, we'll get all these promises and we'll walk out as the children of I want them now. Do you have my brother Donnie? I've got a little bit. I've got a little bit, but I want a lot more. Notice this joy. Oh my goodness. Joy, joy is not just a person. Joy is actually a thing, a great thing. St. John 17:13. Now I come to thee and these things I speak in the world that they may might have. A so you see the Lord Jesus is not saying your joy is going to be so great. He wants you to have his joy. So I trade his joy for my anxiety. Amen. I trade his joy from my worry. But brother Donnie, I got a bad doctor's report. I understand them reports. I understand what they can do to you. But either God's word is true or it's a lie. And if it's a lie, we might as well all just quit and go out to the world, eat, drink, and be married, die lost, and all go to hell. Or we believe God can give us joy in the midst of trouble. And the church said, Romans 5:11, not only so, but we also joy in God through Jesus Christ, our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement. Romans 14:17, for the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Amen. Romans 15:13. Now the God of hope fill you. Oh my goodness. With all joy and peace in believing that ye may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost. But notice Galatians 5:22. But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith. Can I have a few more minutes? I want to share with you tonight one chapter from the book of Romans. If you will take this one chapter and dissect it verse by verse and look at what what I'll share with you here tonight, it will transform your life. And let me make a disclaimer right here. I am not responsible for my actions from this point on. Amen. And we ain't got no by around here for me to run off in, but we got a long aisle right there. So now look at what is ours as the followers and believers and bride of the Lord Jesus as what Paul describes in just this one chapter. Romans chapter 8. Now, let's take it verse by verse down through here. And may God help me to be able to bring it to you. Notice we are no longer under condemnation. Now, I put the promise up here and then I'm going to give you the verse. No longer under condemnation. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Amen. Amen. We are set free from the law of sin and death. Now I want you to notice now Paul wrote this. You talking about explosive like dynamite. If God can make this real to us tonight, we are set free from the law of sin and death. Romans 8:2. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. Christ did something for us we could not do. Condemning sin in his flesh on our behalf. Not a man that was ever born could condemn sin. Oh, glory to God. There was not a mortal after Adam that could ever condemn sin in his own flesh. But the Lord Jesus was able to take sin in his own flesh. And not just from his soul, not just from his spirit, but in his sinless body. He condemns sin in the flesh. Amen. Notice in verse three, for what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemns sin in the flesh. Hallelujah. Notice we can fulfill the law as we walk according to the spirit. And we never had that ability to do this before. Hallelujah. Romans 8:4. that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. We couldn't do this before. Can't you understand? This is why many Christians cannot do it now because they're not Holy Ghost fil Christians. They're saved people. But it takes the very life of God in your body to bring this body subject to the word. Friends, get it out of your mind. You're ever going to perfect your flesh. It will be a thorn for you from the day you get the Holy Ghost until the day you die. God don't want you perfecting the flesh. He wants you making the flesh obey the word. And sometimes the flesh will mess up, but the throne room inside of your soul will say, "Hey, hey, hey, fix that. Fix that. Make that right. Don't you let that go. Glory to God. Our minds are set and focused on the things of the spirit and we have the capacity to think in a new realm. Verse five, for they that are out of the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are act to the spirit the things of the spirit. We could not do this without him changing us. Hallelujah. All right. We have life and peace instead of death. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Our mind is no longer hostile toward God. Remember, you were born an enemy against God. That's the way we were all born. I don't care if you was a preacher's son or a preacher's daughter. You were born and your mind was an enemy against God. But not any longer. Our mind is no longer hostile toward God. Verse seven, because a carnal mind is enmity against God. For it cannot, it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. Listen to this one. We can please God. Brother Daryl preached this Sunday up at brother Mike Wall's church about pleasing God. And he read about Enoch and before he left this world in a rapture. Of course, his testimony was he pleased God. Quite simple, but quite profound. Do you understand? You can, will, and must please God. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But that ain't talking about us if we're born of the Holy Ghost. We belong to him. Verse nine, but ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit. Now notice this is capital S. This is Holy Spirit, not your spirit. but in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. I belong to the Lord Jesus. How do you know, brother Donnie? I got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's his claim ticket on me. I'm his. Our spirit is alive because of righteousness. Verse 10. If in Christ being you, the body is dead because of sin. But the spirit, capital S, is life because of righteousness. His spirit gives life to our mortal bodies. Boy, this used to be one of my favorite verses when I was a Pentecostal preacher. I don't even what I was even quoting. I didn't what I was even talking about. I'd quote it and run, scream, and holler and preach and people would shout around and this and that and the other. Didn't even have a clue what it really meant. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. We are under obligation to live by the spirit, not according to the flesh. It can be fulfilled because his spirit is in us. You say, "I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't do this. I came to that if you've got the Holy Ghost, you will obey every word God says about you. That don't mean you'll do it the very next day after you get the Holy Ghost, you will grow into obedience as you grow into understanding. And this is the thing that people don't understand about the Holy Ghost. They think as soon as they get it, they're a full grown son. Well, my goodness, you didn't grow come out of your mama that way, did you? You'll grow in the Holy Ghost. You'll grow in submission. You'll grow in obedience. You'll grow in understanding. And the spirit of God knows that. And some of you are requiring mature stage of the Holy Ghost when you're not even up to that level yet. But don't tell God that he's not done something inside of you when he's bought your soul and placed that deposit of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Oh my. Therefore, brethren, verse 12, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh. I love these little two words right here. We live. Verse 13. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, why in the world are you having to mortify the deeds? If you've got the Holy Ghost, didn't your flesh get the Holy Ghost, too? No, it did not. You mean you've got to crucify? Sure. Your body ain't no more saved tonight than it was when you was a drunk out there in the world. A liar, a thief, a hormone, whatever your was. When are you ever going to get it saved? Your body does not have the Holy Ghost. That's true. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if ye through the spirit do mortify, capture, make dead, punish the deeds of the body, ye shall live. I want you to listen to all these things that Christ Jesus the Matan has given to his bride. We are led by the spirit. Romans 8:14. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they might possibly wind up being one of these days. Hopefully, as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. We have not received a spirit of slavery leading to fear. Verse 15. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear. We were slaves to sin. You know what's absolutely horrible? We've still got many Christians that are still slaves. Many of them are not slaves to drinking anymore. They're not slaves to many things like that anymore. But it's more religious slavery. They never have any joy because they've got this goal set in their mind of what they think they're supposed to be, what they think a Holy Ghost person will be. You know, the bride's going to be this. And boy, the bride, I'll tell you one thing, man, the bride ain't going to have no battles. You need to read the book of Acts. You need to read the book of Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, to Lemon, 1 and 2 Corinthians. Be sure and read them really. And 1 and 2 Thessalonians and Titus and all them and realize they had vitals just like you and I. I told Carol the other day, you know, the Lord Jesus must have really got disappointed with them disciples. But whenever he was still here and James and John come to him and said, 'Lord, I'll tell you what, me and my brother here, we'd like to sat on your right and your left hand. Would that be okay with you? Because that's what we want. And then there's debating along the way. And Jesus said, "What was y'all discussing? What was y'all talking about? Nobody would answer." So one of them finally said, "Well, we kind of want to know who's going to be the greatest among the kingdom." Jesus went over and got a child and said, "Well, except you become as humble and be converted as this little child. You won't even inherit the kingdom of God." You imagine how discouraged he must have got with them as a man. And the devil probably busted good every day laughing said, "And these are going to carry on his work." Wow. Wow. Wow. But it won't last very long because all we got to do is get one a little jealous against the other. And boy, I'll tell you one thing. They're going to fuss and fight. You get preachers fussing and fighting and get them acting like a bunch of babies. How in the world can the church go on? Well, praise the Lord, saints. But you know what? Jesus knew he had a new birth lined up for Peter. And he had a new birth lined up for James and John. And James and John never mention the right hand and the left hand no more. We have not received a spirit of slavery leading to fear. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but ye have received the spirit of adoption. So we didn't get the spirit of slavery leading to fear. But also we have received a spirit of adoption as sons by which we cry out aba father. Aba father. Praise God. The spirit himself testifies with our spirit that we are children of God. Verse 16, the spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit. You want to know if you got the Holy Ghost or not? What does your spirit say about the word? Right. The Holy Ghost not only bears witness with the written word of God and the message of the hour, but if you have the Holy Ghost within you, the Holy Ghost bears witness with you. How many believes in one God? You believe in been baptized in the name of Frank, Fred, Bill, Bob, Donnie, Jim, Mary, Elizabeth, how y'all believe in being baptized, Lord Jesus Christ. How many gods y'all worship? Y'all pray, read your Bible, come to church, pay your tithes, love your enemies. Wasn't as many yeses on that part. I mean, it's adding to your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and to knowledge temperance. Well, somebody please tell me that. How can you all do all of that if you're doing it from your soul without him being in you? So, you mean you think you are that good of a person? You honestly think you are that great that you could do all of that on your own? No way, Jose. You heard that, didn't you? If there's any Jose in here, notice, because we are children, we are hes and if children then hes of God, joint hes with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him that we may also be glorified together. And I love this part. And the sufferings of this present time cannot compare to the glory that will be revealed in us. I want you to listen all that's in this one chapter. For I reckon the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. Let me close here momentarily. Let me close with this. And it's a good place to stop. Our bodies will soon be completely redeemed. Romans 8:23. Not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to wit the redemption of the body. So here is not just a man with the Holy Ghost, a preacher with the Holy Ghost, but a church age messenger relating not just a good passage of scripture, but something that bore witness in his own life. He had the Holy Ghost, but he was groaning. Why? He wasn't satisfied. Wasn't that he was a sinner. Wasn't that he needed to be saved. It wasn't that he needed the Holy Ghost. He's waiting to get a body that'll match his soul. Let's stand together. Praise be to God. I trust everybody will read Romans chapter 8 in a little bit different light after tonight. Yes. If you need to go back and go through this again and again and again, I'd say it'd be quite amazing if you'd look at this this chapter right here for about four or five days. Let me know the results afterwards. Okay? And you compare all these things to what you are and what God has done for you. And you're looking around think, well, God ain't done nothing for me. This ought to turn every one of us upside down and inside out. And we just got down to part of it. Didn't get it all done. of all the things he has done and you're looking for something. Why? I need something to worship him about. I gave you quite a bit tonight. This should last you till at least Sunday. I'm talking about the 14th month in the millennium, Sunday. Don't you love him? Oh, praise the Lord. Now the message is over. What do you reckon Elijah would tell us to do? Huh? worship. Time to worship. Time to worship. So, I hope we seen some of our shortcomings. Did anybody besides me? Few of you. Okay. Well, praise the Lord. Wasn't in vain then. That's good. Anybody see where you could move up some? Praise the Lord. That's good. All right. Well, let's thank him for that. And let's worship him of his love that he's given to us. And you know what Ephesians 4 was given for? Apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, teachers, for the perfecting. Now that word is not sinlessness, but it is fully equipping the believers. That's what God called preachers are for, to equip you. It's not them telling I me and mine and I done this and I done that and talking about them and all that. That don't equip me with nothing but anger. I don't like hearing a preacher brag on himself all the time. Do you? No. It ain't never giving me no victory. Equip me, men of God. Let me say this to every preacher in our church. Don't get up here and waste the time of my people. Equip them. Give them something to fight with. They're going through hell every day in this life. I've told young preachers before, when you step behind the pullpit, if you will walk up there with this in your mind, then people will let you learn how to preach on them. They will put up with your immature things. They will let you learn how to preach because a preacher can't learn at school. They tried it. It don't work. So, you know where a preacher learns? Sanding right here. He's learning on you. You see, it's a lot for mature people that are used to feeding up here. And then you got immature, younger preachers, and they start up here. And a pastor has to forfeit a lot of stuff for a preacher to learn how to preach. It ain't just the pastor. It's the sheep. So, they're used to eating this course meal and that and that and that and settling sometimes for a bologn sandwich. But what I've instructed young preachers that have asked me, if you will walk out there with respect and treat them with that kind of respect and keep before you that they have heard some of the greatest men of God that are alive on the face of the earth today, but they will let you learn on them and they will give you their time and they will give you their amens if you respect them. But if you walk out there, I'm a man of God. I'll tell you one thing. I'm this and I'm that and I'm that. You might as well just to hook a gun and Paul even mentioned about a man becoming a pastor that was a novice. Anybody know what that means? Unskilled, young in the ministry. Some noviceses have been around for 20 years, but they're still noviceses. just watch the decisions they make. So what does God want? Men that will equip equip. Some will equip you with repentance. Some will equip you by bringing your faults. Some will equip you by building your faith. Some will equip you with other things. But the thing, that's what church is for. I hope somebody's got a little bit more equipment after the service tonight. Yeah. So, what do you say we don't leave right now? What do you say we kind of follow the example of our Eleer? The message was cutting. Anybody got any full body wrap band-aids? I don't buy them in them little teeny tiny boxes. I laugh at them kind. I need a mummy fight bandage sometimes when the Lord gets done with me. But I know he loves me. Aren't you glad he won't let you get by with sin? Can we worship him just a little? Before we go, let's just open our hearts now. Just talk to him. Tell him what you need. Tell him what he means to you. Now remember, we've not just come to get and receive. We've come to give back. Now he's equipped and he's spoke to us and whipped us a little bit. Maybe now it's our time. He don't need no whipping himself. He don't need no correcting from us. But I'll tell you what he does want. I read it up at brother Mike's this past weekend. Brother Bam said that God is hungering and thirsting and begging for hungry hearts that he can make love to. I don't want him begging around this place. I hope we never gather here and the Lord Jesus has to beg any of us to say amen or raise our hands or worship him. Let's praise him together. Lord God Almighty, you are clothed in majesty. [Music] The heavens declare your wonder. You are great and do marvelous. [Music] For you alone our God our God. Hallelujah. There is no one else like you. Oh, let's worship him now, saints. Let the nations declare that you have done great things. You have done great things. Mighty you are. Hallelujah. Holy you are. Let's just close our eyes and see. Raise your hands. Forever more. Let your work inside your eyes. You are great. You are my God. I will exalt you. Oh Lord, my God, my king, mighty one, mighty, holy, mercy, hallelujah, forever. You're not under condemnation, righteous, you're acceptable, your love. Hallelujah. your hands. I will exalt you free from the tribulation. My God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory. Oh my almighty. You are glory. Lord. Let us worship in your beauty tonight. Oh God. We magnify your name. Declare your praise come from redeemed. You are great. You do marvelous things. Oh, you alone. You are our God. There is no like you. And the nations declare that in Lord awesome you have done great things. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. Holy Lord your se. Oh let's just give him a wave offering shower. Let's just wave our hands. [Music] We magnify your name. We exalt you. Hallelujah. My God. We're not slaves anymore. We're not under condemnation anymore. We're not under soul bondage of sin any longer. Lord, we have your spirit. We have your word. We have your life. righteous you are. Thank you Lord God. exalt you. Oh my god. I got my God. Oh my. [Music] You are in your majesty. In your greatness. The heavens declare. They declare your greatness. Your power. Great. And you do the same. I'm wonderful. Hallelujah. For you. These people are those wonderful saints of God. You are God. You are God. There is no one else like you. Oh man, nations declare that you have done you have done great things done mighty. You are holy. You are your mercy endures forever. You are great. You are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord, my God and my King. Hallelujah. mighty you are Lord God. You're greater than cancer. You're greater than sickness. You're greater than sin. You're greater than the things of the world. You're greater than lamb. Hallelujah. We worship you, Lord God. We bless your name. We will exalt you. [Music] My God, my king. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Mighty Lord Jesus. Holy you are. Your mercy endure forever more. Righteous. You are [Music] great. You are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord my God, my king. I join our faith with you now. Lord, in the name of Jesus, make the spirit of God minister to us now. Lord, you see these things before us. Father, Lord, sometimes we just don't trust our judgment. Even our better judgment is wrong. But we need you, Lord. Help me, my brother. I pray father in the name of Jesus give him victory I pray for him in the name of Jesus know what it's like to be in the presence of the Lord and I know what time it [Applause] Because time stood still. Yes, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Bodies were healed. Yes. Bodies were healed. And what else? Families. Families restored restored. Oh, hallelujah. Because why? Because we stay here. Because we stay here. Oh yes, Jesus. In the presence of the Lord. [Music] So I say, [Music] I don't want you to go. [Music] My heart is burning in your presence, Lord. [Music] Oh, please stay. [Music] We don't want you to go. Oh, cuz our heart is burning in your presence, Lord. Cuz I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. Hallelujah. I want more. I want more. I do, Lord. I do, Lord. Jesus. Jesus, I want more. Oh, help us tonight, Father. Help us, my God. Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Our Lord, how many wants more tonight? More of his grace, more of his mercy in his presence. But you also want to give him more, more consecration, more love. Jesus I want. So we say stay. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. I don't want you. I don't want to go over your Lord cuz my heart is burning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here in your presence, Lord. Lord God, we bless your name. Oh, please. We worship you, Lord Jesus. I don't want you to go. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord God. I didn't just minister to you minister back to him as well. Oh, what can you give him? Jesus wants your love. Oh, he wants your words. He wants your hands. Tell him. Tell him. My heart is burning in your presence, Lord. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. Cuz I want more. We do Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I I want more. Thank you, Father. I want more. Jesus. I want more. [Applause] I want more. Oh, I want more. [Music] I need more of you. I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. I want more. I want more. [Music] I want more. Jesus. I want more. [Music] So I say stay. [Music] I don't want you to go cuz my heart is burning in your presence, Lord. [Music] Oh, please stay. We don't want you to go cuz our heart is burning [Laughter] in your presence, Lord. Oh, stay. I don't want you to go. My heart is burning in your presence, Lord. [Music] I love you, Lord, [Music] for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life so every breath that I [Music] sing of the goodness of God your soul Jesus Hallelujah. You have made me through the fires and in the darkest night. You are close my Lord. I know you as a father. No praise [Music] in the goodness of God. Lord, all my life you have been. You've been faithful, Lord. All my life you have been so so good. with every breath that I am. I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. Your goodness is running after. You're running after me. I come on. This is running after. It's running after me. All I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after tonight. without me. My life lay down. I give you your goodness. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been so so [Music] that I wish of the [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you grateful? That he found you. He found us. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. The Bible said, "You shall be called the sought out." Hallelujah. Who do you think was looking for you? G. He would come looking for me. He came looking for you. Amen. Aren't you grateful for that? Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just a little I think I was 5 years old, but 1966 that a man came to our house with a tape player and sat it on the kitchen table. All the years that I ran from him, but he was seeking me out. I'm so grateful for that tonight, friends. The goodness of God. Amen. Do you love him? Have you enjoyed the word of God tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, I thank you. I just bow my head in your wonderful presence, Lord. And I am so glad that you can squeeze a man's heart and the juice comes out his eyes. And Lord, we are so grateful that you who created the heavens and the earth that all creation obeys your voice. We are so glad, Lord, that you sought us out. We thank you from the depths of our heart, Lord. We thank you tonight, dear God, for a place that we can come to, Lord, and not hear a creed or a dogma or some man's ideal, but we can come and hear the say the word of the Lord. We thank you for that, Father. We thank you for such a man of God as brother Donnie, Lord, who has spoke the words of life to our hearts down through the years, Lord. We ask your blessings upon him, dear God, and upon his family that you would continue to strengthen our brother, Lord, that he could bring, Lord, this word to us and to our bodies are literally changed. And we sat at your table, Lord. We pray, dear God, tonight for the assembly here, Lord, as we make our way, Lord. Be with us as we travel on the highways, Lord, and the byways. Go with each family, dear God. And Lord, may we think about these things that we've heard tonight, Lord. And may we, dear God, as we've been reminded of Romans 8, to go back through the word, Lord, and just realize these gifts that's been given to us, your love and your mercy that you've extended to us, Lord. We thank you for that. And Father, you see the needs of our people, Lord. Many afflicted with different diseases and sicknesses, dear God. But I ask you, Lord, knowing that you are our healer and the sustainer of our lives, oh God, knowing thy grace is sufficient, Lord, may you move upon these needs, dear God. And Lord, those that were maybe dwelling in sadness or anxiety as our brother brought tonight. May we exchange that, Lord, for thy joy, we pray. The joy in knowing that you sought us out. the joy and knowing that the world doesn't we're not a part of the world, Lord, but we're a part of you. Bless your children now, Lord. Thank you for the service tonight. Thank you for ears to hear and eyes to see, Lord, and lips to praise you. We thank you for these things, Father. Oh, God. I've done it many times, Lord, but once again, thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for my family. We ask these things, Lord, in Jesus name. go with you people now we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you saints this evening. Isn't he wonderful? He's wonderful. Amen. You're dismissing the fear of the Lord as brother Harry sings us something to take us home. Brother Harry sings us. Amen. He came looking for me. [Music] We came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. Jesus was near. Rescue my soul and calm all my fears down. save them all. Simon, the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way. There was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. Jesus was near. Rescue my soul and calmed all my fears. Now I'm saved from all harm. I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. [Music] He came looking for you. He made a way. There was no way that I could see. I drifted far. Jesus was near. Rescue my soul from all my fears. Sal [Music] came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. He came looking for me. [Music] He made a way. There was no way that I could see. Truth is so far. Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears down all the came for me. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
