################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.171 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.171
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox9HUf6UDxU
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Thou [Music] heart sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou art. Then sings my soul. My savior God to [Music] thee. Oh, how great thou are. Amen. How great thou art. Isn't he great tonight? My [Laughter] soul, my Savior God to [Music] thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Sing with all your heart now. Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder consider all all the world I had have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Thy power throughout this universe display. It sees. Oh, sing it to [Music] him. Thank you, Lord. Amen. How great thou are. How great, how great thou are. and sing my soul, my Savior God to [Music] thee. How great thou [Music] are. How great thou are. Can you sing that chorus again? It [Music] seems Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. How great thou art. Lord, how great thou are. It sings my soul, my Savior God to [Music] thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou art. Do you believe that with all your heart tonight? Give him a good hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Is he the greatest thing that ever got a hold of your life? I believe we could all say that tonight, couldn't we? Ain't it good to be in church? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him tonight. Now, tell them the truth. If you're glad to see him, tell them you're really glad to see him. Praise the Lord. So glad to have each and every one of you here tonight. So glad that God has let us enter into his sanctuary once again to worship him in spirit and truth. How many of you enjoyed service here on Sunday morning? I tell you what, the the presence of the Lord is just so wonderful and we're grateful for that tonight. We don't want to ever take that for granted because that's precious, his presence among us. We're so glad to have any of you tonight that is visiting with us. We want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you here. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless every one of those folks. Could we give all these people a good hand tonight if you will? Praise the Lord. Brother Mike Walls is visiting with us tonight. I saw him come in. I want him if he will to get ready to pray over our prayer request tonight. Brother Mike, if you would. So, we just want to say once again, we're glad to have you. Have some folks visiting with us tonight. Gideon, uh, Milan, I hope I got that name right, close to it. And family, they're visiting from New Zealand. Where would you be? Raise your hand right back here. Give those folks a real good hand tonight. God bless you. So glad to have you with us. Brother Keith Phillips turns in a urgent unspoken prayer request. The Lord knows all about that need tonight. And then on a sad note, Lynn Duggar Jr., Brother Lynn Duggar, Senior, was here in the service with us on this past Sunday. First time he's got to be with us in a long, long time. His son passed away, I believe, on yesterday. And uh this the visitation will be Saturday from 12 to 4 at Pleasant Beach Baptist Church over in Elizabeth and service will uh be at 4:00 after the visitation. So we want to remember those folks tonight as we pray that God would be mindful of them and just comfort them during during the loss of Lynn Duggar Jr. Please pray for Brother Mike Lensford. He's in the Johnson City Medical Center going to have a heart cath on Friday. So, we certainly want to pray for him tonight. Want to remember Sister Barbara and Brother Bert Grley. Uh just the Lord there would touch them. Neither one of them feeling real well. So, want to remember them tonight. Also understand brother Steve Newsome has had a very rough day today. So, we certainly want to pray for brother Steve that the Lord would be mindful of him. Brother Gary says, "Please remember Sister Lona. She'll have an MRI early in the morning. So, we want to remember her tonight as we pray. Sister Janet Kennedy says she has a very urgent unspoken prayer request the Lord knows all about. Brother Chuck Samky says to remember his daughter Rachel Bordon. She's in Knoxville in the emergency room. Something uh to do with her hemoglobin being low. So, we want to remember her tonight as we pray. Sister Linda Loris not feeling well tonight. asked that we would pray for her. Brother Benjamin Goss, who streams our services, sends his greetings to everyone, is also asking that we would remember him in prayer as he recovers from open heart surgery that took place a few days ago to replace a valve. So, we certainly will remember brother Benjamin tonight as we pray that the Lord would be mindful of him. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is requesting prayer for her and her family. She is seeking God's perfect will concerning where she should move uh due to her health situations and alos as well and also for her family. So we want to remember those needs tonight as we pray that the Lord would be mindful of that situation. God is certainly concerned about our needs, isn't he? Amen. I want to remember Sister Bonnie Potter in prayer tonight. Suffering from a virus. Sister Heather sends that in. So, let's remember that prayer request tonight as we pray. And Chase Hughes since it's in prayers for Greg Hughes just had a stroke. He's out of the hospital, has surgery on Monday. Also need prayer for my family and myself. So, we want to remember those needs tonight as we pray all the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's tremendous needs in our group tonight. We just want to commit all these things unto the Lord. Let's stand together if you will as Brother Mike makes his way to the platform. Let's sing the chorus to that song again with all of your heart. How great is our Lord. He's the greatest, greatest being that's ever been. Amen. You love him with all your heart tonight. Give him one more good hand clap of praise. Amen. Then sings my soul, my savior God to [Music] thee. How great. [Music] How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Let's just pray together. Father, as we look to you this evening, without you being here, it would be useless to join together. But how great thou art that you would look at each one of these chosen vessels that's in this building tonight and those who are streaming the service, Lord. And we all are different in our different ways. But you knew all about each one of us. And Lord, as I hold in my hands just so many different needs, the loss of a loved one, it's so painful. Lord, when we lose them in this life, but if their heart was right with you and their desire was to serve you, Lord, we have this confidence. We have this hope that we'll meet them again on the other side. We'll meet them one day, Lord, in the air. Father, these needs of the different ones that are sick and going to the hospital and can't be in church tonight. You see all these needs and how that they're suffering, but the authority of your word has come. You said by his stripes, we're healed. And Lord, we're so thankful tonight that you've done that just for us. Walk with us, Lord, through this service. Help us to honor you in all things so that when we ask you, you're readily available to come because we've got our lives in line with your word and you said, "That's my child and I want to take care of the situation. May you bless each one that's asked for help tonight. May you minister through the word tonight and bless our hearts." We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, brother. God bless you, brother. Appreciate Brother Michael Walls on. We give him a nice hand tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we'll receive the evening offering. Let me make just a couple more announcements. Trustee meeting tonight after the service. Remember that. A small ring has been found in the sanctuary. If it if it belongs to you, please visit the library to claim it. So, let's remember that tonight. And brother Michael Bailey wants you to uh this announcement made. If anyone has a canopy that they would allow to be used for the upcoming vacation Bible school, please contact Brother Michael, they would be needed starting next week and continuing until the vacation Bible school ends on Friday, June the 6. So, if you have a canopy, you'd be willing to let the the let them use during Bible Bible school. I'm certainly uh I know they'd appreciate that. So, uh remember that announcement tonight. Let's sing a song tonight. Where could I go but to the Lord? Where in the world would you want to go? Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Oh, somebody say, "Thank you, Jesus." Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight. Oh, tell me, "Where could I go?" Yes, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend or to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Once again. Oh, tell me where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and needing a friend. Oh, to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Now living below in this old sinful world hardly a comfort can afford. [Music] Driving alone to face temptation. So where could I go but to the Lord? Oh tell me where could I go? Yes where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and needing a friend or to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Now live here is grand with friends I love so dear. Brother Jackie you and sister Mitty, brother Rosean, if you come on. [Music] Oh yet when I face the chilling hand of death, where could I go but to the Lord? Yes, tell me where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul, needing a friend. Oh, to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? And I'm getting ready to leave this world. Getting ready for the gates of pearl. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. for getting ready to leave this world. Say [Music] it. Oh, now keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world one more time. Getting ready to leave this world. Getting ready for the gates of Pearl. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated tonight. Brother Jack, Sister Betty, and Sister Roseanne, and Sister Brianna, Sister Ryan, and somebody else has a song. Brother Tim Wyinners is visiting with us from Louisiana. So, all those folks, you'll be getting ready to sing. If you want to make your way on up to the front, we'll go right on into the service. Looking forward to what the Lord has for us tonight. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." God bless you. Give our singers a good hand tonight as they sing. We've heard it all our lives that Christ will come again to take his spotless bride home to be with him throughout Now the hands of time, men begin to doubt. But God has made the promise of his coming back. Don't give up. He is coming. [Music] Though we don't know the hour or the [Applause] day. Creation moss. The earth she grows. Hearts are filled with fear. The spirit speaks unto the church. Wake up. The time is here. Remember these words that Jesus had to say. Tear this temple down. I'll raise it in three days. He kept his word back then and he's the same today. I know it can't be long till he takes his bride away. Don't give up. He is coming. Though we don't know the hour or the day, creation moans, the earth she grows. Hearts are filled with fear. The spirit speaks unto the church. Wake up. The time is here. The se Spirit speaks unto the church. Wake up. The time is here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When life lets you down and you feel more broken than whole. And the wounds go deeper than words. And you can't tell a soul. I may not know what you're going through, but may not can make that high mountain move. But one thing I found that I really want you to know, if it matters to you, it matters to the master. He wants to share the burdens you bear. Whisper peace when your world gets shattered. If it's your greatest joy or your deepest pain or you're really needing an answer, if it matters to you, it matters to the master. Friend, do you think the maker and giver of [Music] life is far too busy to care about your trles and stri? He sees a sparrow that falls to the ground. And he hears the tears that don't make a sound. If you only knew how precious you are in his sight. If it matters to you, it matters to the master. He wants to share the burdens you bear. Whisper peace when your world gets shattered. If it's your greatest joy or your deepest pain or you're really needing an answer, if it matters to you, it matters to the master. [Music] If it matters to you, it matters to the master. He wants to share the burdens you bear. Whisper peace when your world gets shattered. If it's your greatest joy or your deepest pain or you're really needing an answer, if it matters to you, it matters to the master. [Music] If it's your greatest joy or your deepest pain or you're really needing an answer, if it matters to you, it doesn't only matter to you. [Music] If it matters to you, it matters to the master. [Music] [Applause] Amen. It's really good to be here with y'all [Music] tonight. God Jehovah, Jehovah, you're my healer. You and you alone. [Music] I will trust you, Jehovah, forever. For you're my healer. You and you alone. In the middle of our [Music] doubts, in the thick of sorrow, you say, "Look up. to where our help comes from. If everything around us just says there is no hope, we're never going to let go. The hymn of your own God. [Music] Jehovah. Jehovah. You're our healer. You and you alone. We will trust you. Jehovah. [Music] You're our healer. You and you alone. We're standing on your promise. The foundation of your word, where everyone is healed who believes on you, Lord. We're leaning on your power. You'll do what can't be done either now or forever. We know it's going to come. God Jehovah. [Music] Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone. We will trust you, [Music] Jehovah, for you're our healer. You and you alone. All depression and every worry, every sickness. Lord, you heal all addiction and every family, Lord. Every heartbreak, you're going to heal. You're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. Jehovah forever. We know you [Applause] will for all depression and every worry. [Music] Lord, every sickness you're going to heal, all addictions, and every family, Lord, every heartbreak you're going to heal. Oh, you're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. Jehovah Raa. We know you will. Oh, you're going to do it. Lord, you're going to do it. Jehovah. We know you will. God Jehovah Jehovah forever. You're our healer. You and you alone. I will trust you, Jehovah. You're my healer. you and you [Music] alone. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible if only we believe. Oh Lord, we believe. Oh Lord, we believe that all things are possible. For Lord, we believe. Y'all sing that to him now with all your hearts. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. For Lord, I believe. And we're standing on your promise. It's the foundation of your word where everyone is here who believes on you, Lord. We're leaning on your power. You'll do what can't be done. It's either now or forever, but we know it's going to [Music] [Applause] come. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, brother Tim. That's awesome. What a privilege it is to believe. Amen. Just to be able to believe. Let's turn to Genesis 24 tonight if you would. Verse 21. Question answers tomorrow night. 7:00. We're good for that, brother Robin. Genesis 24:21. the model servant sent on a mission. And the man wondering at her held his peace to wit whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. Now let me enlighten you a little bit. and bestowing the jewelry on her hands. Eleazar is claiming Rebecca for Isaac and accepting the jewelry. She allowed this stranger to touch her which is not customary especially not a stranger. So in order to put this bracelet on her hand she allowed him to touch her hand and also her face. He's making a move and she is responding by her allowing him instead of hitting him, drawing back her hand. Don't do that. It's not customary. But she forfeited her rights. Now, she knew what she was doing. To us westerners, makes no sense whatsoever. But to them, you did not do that. A man didn't go around putting his arm around a woman. You didn't touch a woman. You get your head removed from your shoulders. Unlike today where they live so filthy. Praise the Lord. So whenever she sees this and he pulls it out of his bag, she knows, "Oh my lord, this this this is the beginning of engagement and said, "Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee, is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in?" And she said unto him, "I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Mila, which she bare unto Nahor." Let me point out to you again. Now, she's not just pointing to her father's side, but to her mother's side, which is very unusual for the Old Testament. She said, "Moreover, unto him we have both straw and proender enough and room to lodge in." and the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. I may like to be remembered tonight as we pray and ask God's blessings on the word. Lord Jesus, as we stand once again tonight in your presence, Father, we are so grateful for the opportunity that's been given to us as your children. We believe that this same incident is occurring spiritually in the hour that we live. Father, we believe that you have sent a model servant with a message. Now, he's been gone physically from us as we know for many, many years. But this message is still going on. And for that we are grateful. We believe then the gospel of the Lord Jesus revealed in the light of this evening time is still searching out a bride. And that bride will come to you with total submission. She will stand still. She will be clothed a certain way. These ornaments that Eleaser placed upon Rebecca were not hers. They were actually from Isaac. So it was a moar which was a price, a gift to the bride. So she received these gifts from the messenger and then they became hers. Now she must react accordingly. I pray father you would help us we can do likewise. Bless us tonight together we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus. And the saint said amen. You may be seated. Let's turn together if you would and 2 Corinthians chap 11 verse two which we looked at last Wednesday night. Paul again, another Eleazar, not in a natural sense going to the land of Padan Haram, but sent to Ephesus, sent to Thessalonica, to Cree, the capitalists, sent to the major gentile cities in that day for the same purpose, to get a bride, not for Abraham's son, but for God's son. And Paul sees very well his position in the gospel of that age. And I pointed out to you last week again, not to repeat myself, but just so that you'll understand the emphasis of it of it, that Paul is the only writer in the New Testament that claims this authority that he had the ability to be able to betro or engage a bride for Christ. Peter never claims this, nor does James, nor does any of the rest of the New Testament writers, but Paul does. So that sets a precedent for us that we can see that God will use a certain man and out from under that man's ministry will come others. They will not be of the same caliber that that man will be, but they will carry the same message. Now the word I'll refresh your memory that that they used was the Hebrew word was shashabin which is ben which means son of but the Greek word word was a paran nymph p a r a n y m p paran nymph. So it is one that is speaking on behalf of the bridegroom. So the bridegroom never came himself, but he sent a messenger as Abraham did for Isaac. Now watch Paul and notice the place where we're reading at 2 Corinthians 11. So this is about five years after the first book of Corinthians was written. We can definitely see a lot of growth in this Corinthian church. and they've been able to grow in understanding. They've got the adultery taken care of. They've got fornication taken care of. They've got the gifts and a lot of those things which was major problems in first Corinthians that Paul did not have to address in 2 Corinthians. But now as they have advanced, so also has Satan advanced his moves. Now what has happened is that there is a false apostle. There is other men that's come in behind Paul and now they are telling the Corinthian believers that they also have an illumination that they have something to say as well. But the problem is they're not saying what Paul said. That's right. So they were preaching as it were another Jesus and another gospel and evidently another Holy Ghost. So Paul is now really concerned about the state of this church. But now remember the Lord Jesus told him before he goes to this city, well after he gets there, he's only there for a while when he starts having meetings in these public places. And then the Lord speaks to him and tells him, "I have much people in this city." This is the only place in the New Testament that it's written this way that the Lord ever spoke to his messenger and told him this. So, did he need this special word from the Lord? Maybe. Who knows exactly what God's reason was. But even in spite of that rama word from God that God let him know that he had a lot of people in this city of Corinth. Now the church has moved into a state to where Paul is really concerned. And I find this amazing because he didn't say this in first Corinthians whenever there was a man in the church that was actually living with his stepmother. I'm talking about sexually. And they were letting them come to church and the elders, nobody was saying anything about it. And they were living filthy, ungodly lives. And the church was just, you know, letting it go on. And Paul rebuked them. Of course, they had all kinds of problems with the women with their hair and the way they were dressing and the gifts. And everybody had a psalm. If they didn't have a psalm, they had a song. If they didn't have a song, they had a tongue. They had a prophecy. They had this, that, and the other. But yet Paul at that stage of the church did not say what he's going to say to us tonight because they were not at the age of love yet. You see, they were still children. They were still infants in their understanding of the word. Not only did Paul knew that, but the devil knew it. So the devil then is not going to try to pull them aside to marry them himself because they're not at a marriageable age yet. So he's going to deal with them according to their spiritual age bracket which was what? Babies. Babies. But now notice five years later. Five years later. So Paul deals early on in second Corinthians and he he talks about correcting the man and how he went about it. And he didn't want to correct him too hard and push him. you know, too far out the other way. He goes on dealing with some other things and now he comes to this this state and he's identifying himself here unlike he does in any other epistle in the New Testament. 2 Corinthians 11:2 and he said, "I am jealous over you with godly jealousy." with godly jealousy. Now I have acted as a parony nymph for the Lord Jesus. He has sent me down to this city and I have stood on his behalf. And I'm not asked you to marry me. I've not asked you to marry any of the clergy. But I have told you that I'm here to represent the Lord Jesus. And I have stood between him and you. And I have stood there as Moses did in the book of Exodus. I preached to you the blood of the covenant. I preached to you the correct name for water baptism. I've introduced you to an element of the supernatural. And I have engaged you to Christ. So let's say it like this. as it was with Rebecca that the earrings which was the ability to hear the gospel. So I put the earrings of the hearing of the gospel on your ears and you responded. Now remember some of these daughters of God had formerly been priestess. Corinth was a port city, a very wicked, evil city. And they had all kinds of temples there. And they worshiped gods and goddesses, both Greek and Roman. And much of their worship, they would have sex acts. So they would have men or women, depending on which one you wanted. And they would have with their worship, they would have sex acts involved in it. Don't sit there and look at me like you don't know what I'm talking about. And think that this some of the daughters of God and sons of God, that's what they used to be. That was the life they were involved in. And Paul by the grace of God had been able to preach to them a delivering gospel and ministered to them the power of God that had set them free. As a matter of fact, Paul refers to him and said the ungodly, the unclean, the unwashed, and he called several different things. And he said, "Men lovers of themselves," which mean they were homosexual. And he said, "Such were some of you, but now are you washed? Are you clean?" So the gospel had done a great thing for them. And Paul had actually been able to introduce to them the marriage covenant, but they had not yet entered into it. But he had told them about it. So they had come under the sprinkling of the blood and their hearts had been anointed and they had now entered in in this time frame to where they matured some and they're at the age of marriage. So they were not a little girl. Now remember the bride that the Lord Jesus is going to rapture in the last days is not going to be a five or six year old little girl. She's not going to be a 12y old girl, a 13-year-old girl. She's going to be of marriageable age. Now, this is why Satan will progress and advance his techniques and the way that he will tempt and try to seduce those of us who've been birthed under Malachi 4. God's done exactly the same thing in this day with the message of Malachi 4 to bring us into a stage of engagement or betroal. But it's yet to be declared whether many will be presented or not. You see, there's a great difference between betroal and presentation. Now watch Paul. I am jealous over you with godly jealousy. Now, he's not jealous because that they belong to him. You see, this is something that people don't understand about the sheep of God and and the relation that true ministry have toward the children of God. It's not that they are my children. They are not my wife. They are not in the rest of these preacher brothers. They're not our wives at all. But as ministers, we also are jealous over God's bride because not because they love us as husband, but because they are loved by our master. Just like you mothers and fathers, if you saw your sons and daughters going toward the world and getting caught up as things of the world, there's nothing wrong with you feeling a godly jealousy raised up in your heart that you are jealous of that son of yours or that daughter of yours that you do not want them to give their self over to the vices of the age that we are living in. I am jealous over you as the sheep that God has put under my charge. Not that I want you as my own. I do not. But I am jealous over you because he loves you so much. Now notice the state that Paul expresses this and he identifies this. He says as godly jealousy. Now, preachers can have jealousy. And let me tell you how it can work sometimes, especially if they're a pastor. That's another preacher will come in and his ministry will bless the congregation and the pastor won't have him back no more because he heard too many comments about the people enjoyed it. Well, you see, that's not a godly jealousy at all. That's a man that don't know who he is, first of all. Because if you are helped, I'm helped. If a preacher comes in here and preaches circles around me and preaches so good and so wonderful and you are healed and delivered and set free, I'm going to be blessed cuz it's going to make my load a little bit easier for at least three or four days till you come off the mountaintop. And if a preacher comes in here and couldn't preach himself out of a paper bag, that means you ain't Oh my, you'll be so excited for the next time I preach. So, you know what? Whether they can preach or they can't preach, I have nothing to be jealous of. Let me just settle this for you in case you're wondering. There is not one man in this message that I am jealous of tonight. There's men that can out preach me, out sing me, out quote me. And I know I'm one of the ugliest preachers that ever lived. I know that. Matter of fact, I've been told that by one of the sisters of our church here, so I am reminded of that. Well, it didn't bother me cuz I know it's the truth. But I'm not jealous. There's good-looking preachers around the message. Well, you know what? Apparently, God knew I couldn't be good-looking, so he made me ugly. God knew I couldn't preach good, so he made me, you know, whatever I am. But therefore, I know who I am in Christ Jesus. It'd do a lot of the rest you all to come to the same place. A lot of the jealousy and hard feelings among singers and musicians and preachers if we'd realize it that way and realize we are so carnal when we look at it like that. So Paul wanted them to know, look, I I am I am not jealous over you with a human jealousy, but with a godly jealousy. For I have, not we, not me and Peter and James and Luke and Matthew and Mark. But I I have espoused you to one husband, a spouse, to join, to fit together, to betro a daughter, a daughter to anyone, to give one in marriage to another. Oh my. Paul said, I have a spouse you Oh, thank God. to one husband that I may have past tense may future. May is still questionable. Now you see we say because we're called bride and we're engaged, we make that the seal. That's false doctrine. Come on. That's contrary to the scripture. betrothed is not presented. Amen. Ask Adam. Ask God. Praise the Lord. Now watch Paul as he sets this forth. He said, "I'm jealous over you with godly jealousy." For I have I've already done this. I have espoused you. I'm your father in the gospel and you're my sons and daughters as far as the word. and I have espoused you as a godly father to the Lord Jesus that I may present you as a chase virgin. Not an absolute but I may not you're already presented. Look at the word present. Stand by. to place beside or near to present a person for another to see and question to bring to bring near metaphorically to bring into one's fellowship or intimacy. I acted as the paran as the bridegroom's friend and this is as far as I've been able to bring you thus far. Now I have betrolled you as a bride to Christ, but time will tell whether I will present you or will you be judged as a Woo! Help us, Jesus. Y'all know I was preaching this way now. You'd have prayed more, wouldn't you? that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ. Now Paul as the paronym then in the same capacity at the marriage supper he would be the one to present the bride if she's there if she's there as still being chased. But Satan will be allowed a space of time to try her with what? The very same message that betrothed her. She will not be betrothed with the message of Noah and then be tempted by the message of Moses. We have been betrod or engaged by the message of Malachi 4. And what message will we be tempted by? You didn't say it, but I hope you know it. This same message. You see, the engaged woman owes her love and allegiance to no one but her betrothed. And if she shares herself with another man, then she is actually identified as an adulteress. Notice in verse three, but I fear. Why? What? If being engaged is the seal and being called bride is the seal. I mean, you're sure we're bride. That means we're going in, does it? Let us rejoice and make merry for the marriage of the lamb has come and his what? Not bride, his wife. his wife. Friends, do you understand there'll be thousands of people that have followed this message under the title bride that will never make his wife? Come on now. The question is, will you? But I fear less by any means as the serpent. Ofus, the Greek word there, ofus, the serpent, the one who deceived Eve, was regarded by the Jews as the devil. Now, wonder why Paul, brother Daryl, didn't fear when there's having problems about hair and dress and adultery. Isn't that major? Yes, that's pretty major stuff. But Paul knew where they were and he was looking at the temptation that Satan was dealing with them on and he could see that they were still at the immature infant stage and he knew the time of love had not yet come. So in other words, they could not become pregnantated by the devil and sealed off in their womb from the seed word. But now Paul is afraid. Afraid of the devil. No, not afraid of the devil, but afraid that some of those people in the Corinthian church is going to be pulled off by false apostles, false teachers. Now, they're at the time that they're a woman. They're at the marriageable age. They're not a little girl, which cannot conceive. You follow me? But they're at their spiritual stage when they can conceive. And Satan knows it. And Paul knows. Satan knows. But I fear less by any means as the serpent beguiles Eve. What in the world are we doing going back to the Garden of Eden again? I mentioned it to you last Wednesday night. The setting in the Garden of Eden has occurred millions of times. It's happened in your life. Only God knows how many. Same thing, exact same thing in my life in the life of every person that's turned away from the Lord Jesus. It happened in their life. Why? It works. Yeah. Why spend all your time trying to come up as something better if you've got something that works? Just use the same thing over and over again. Amen. Oh my. But as the serpent begal Eve through his subility, so your what? Minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. And the word translated for simplicity is sincerity and singleness of devotion. So a divided heart leads to a defiled life, an erect relationship with one another and with God. Now watch the prophet in question answer 64. He picks up this same position and he says, "You're my children that I've begotten to Christ. I claim every one of you. I claim you tonight. I claim you all the time. always claim it as my brother and sister. Well, I mean, I I guess I don't understand this. If if if by following the message and believing Brother Random was a prophet is a sealed finished work, why is he still claiming? Why is he still claiming message followers over and over and over again if it's a completed finished work? Sounds like a waste of time to me. Unless of course it's not quite a finished work. I always claim as my brother and sister, you're my children. I'm your father in the gospel, not fathers. It would be a priest. But I'm your father in the gospel. As Paul said there, I have begotten you to Christ. And now I espouse you to Christ. That's engage you to Christ as a chasteed virgin. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. So you mean the prophet had had recognized there was a group of people there. This is 1964. Now it lets us know where God saw the church was by giving the messages especially after the opening of the seals. Christ the mystery of God revealed. And then he says the token. And he said that the token had to follow after the opening of the seals. And what was the token? It was a further revelation of where God was moving. And you imagine the prophet standing there and saying, "I done preached the Holy Ghost series in 1959." And now we stand in his preaching a token message and making it sound as if though it is something beyond what he preached in the Holy Ghost series in 1959. What's he preaching to in 1959? Many of them Pentecostals. and they had a Pentecostal experience. But did they have the token? No. No, they did not. It's evident they didn't. So, the application of the token is moving from just a baptism in your spirit, which Elvis Presley had. Come on. Elvis Presley had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. and died lost and went to hell and is in shield this night screaming and begging for mercy in the regions of the lost. Every night after his concerts, he would go back to his hotel room. Y'all know what he sang? gospel songs, the Stamps Quartet, which would sing with him on the platform. I saw one of their things the other day on YouTube and they talking about how he loved God and how he loved gospel music and how that they would sat around the piano for hours into the wee hours of the morning cuz Elvis loved gospel music. And then they played a clip of them singing the song, the sweet, sweet spirit in this place. And there stood Elvis with tears running out of his eyes bawling and crying as they sang. You know why? Cuz he had felt the spirit of God. Where did he learn that dance of shaking his legs and dancing around? He learned it in an Assembly of God church. Amen. Oh children, as Paul said, I have begotten you to Christ and now I espouseed you to Christ. That's engaged you to Christ as a chasteed virgin. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. You stay a chasteed virgin. Now, I want you to notice that that that the bride in this stage in 1964 that there's an element of the people in the message that are at the time of love. They're at the marriageable age. Now, there was some that was just coming in and they were babies. So, nobody in their right mind would want to marry a three-year-old girl. Nobody would want to marry a five or six year old girl. But there were some people in the message at the time that was at the marriageable age. Go through question answers and listen at some of the questions that they asked him and you'll find out some of them were still in kindergarten but they were some of them was at the marriageable age and by this time some of the preachers that was around the message had already started raising up. Now watch what he says. He says, "Oh my, oh God, help us. Don't let me down." What's he got to do? Is it? Why would he say that? As if though it was personal. It was personal. Why? He'll be the one that'll stand there and present this age to Christ. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. You stay a chase virgin. I want you to notice that that the bride staying a chase virgin is not given to the work of the Holy Ghost alone. Right? Our brother Brandon would have never had a need to tell us you stay a chase virgin. He could have just said now don't worry about it. The Holy Ghost will and you just go on do whatever you know. And the Holy Ghost said don't you let me down. Don't you let me down. You stay a chased virgin. Oh my. How will I do it, Brother Brandham? Stay right with the word. Live clean and pure. Have nothing to do with the things of the world. Amen. I wonder how many people were sitting right there in question answers 1964 that were actually engaged to the Lord Jesus under the ministry of Malachi 4 and they lasted several years afterwards and then this preacher come up and this doctrine come up. Notice the first thing that it says, stay right with the word. That's not the ones you agree with. That's the ones you don't even like. You see, it's not those words that we go along with that that that that's going to try us. It's those that Satan will try to Well, you know, you you you know, oh my. You see, the prophet Jeremiah in the Old Testament reflected a same type of shadow and type. He saw the people of Judah. By now, of course, Israel and Judah had separated and God gave Judah their prophets and and Israel their prophets. Sometime they'd be a blend over of of them back and forth. They had their own kings, their own kingdoms, their own capital city. And Jeremiah was prophesying um to the people of Judah and he saw them losing their their love for God, their first love. And he warned them. Read with me in Jeremiah chapter 2:2. Go and cry in the ears of Jerusalem, saying, Thus sayaeth the Lord, I remember thee, the kindness of thy youth, and the love of thine espousals, when thou witness after me in the wilderness and a land that was not sown. Now remember God says in the book of Jeremiah that return to me oh backslider for I am married unto you. So here God goes back now to the days of the Exodus and God said I remember how it used to be. I remember how it was whenever I first found you. It's Ezekiel 16 as well. Whenever I first found you, oh, you went after me. Then it wasn't just me going after you, but you actually went after me. Oh my, you actually went after me. You loved me and you wanted to be around me and you wanted to serve me. Oh, I remember your espousals. You were so passionate toward me and my word and my covenant. I remember that this verse of scripture breaks my heart. How many times has this great fountain of love been treated this way by human beings? He'll save them. They'll get started with a fervent love and go sometimes for decades and then whatever it is goes to pulling them this way or that way and their love falls and they'll either become educated and you know they don't need a move of God no more. Oh, we don't believe in signs and wonders and miracles or if he can't push them that way or try to push them off on the other side. I hope God never says to Word of Life Church, I remember you all. I remember how you used to love me. Oh, you couldn't wait to get to church. You couldn't wait to sing and clap your hands. Oh my. Thus sayeth the Lord, I remember thee, the kindness of thy use, the love of thine espouses, when thou wentest after me in the wilderness, in a land that was not sown. So the espousers were the intervals between Israel's betroal to God at the Exodus and the marriage covenant presentation at Sinai. Now remember they had their shortcomings all along that journey and they complained and they grumbled but God never cut them off in the prenuptual time. Why? He's still dealing with them as they are. They're immature. Can't you see, friends? Oh, God. I I've noticed it over and over again. There a lot of preachers even with a message. It's when they get old men. old men in their 60s or their 70s or older and that's when they get goofed up and they get a kingdom built around themsel and think they can do this or that or the other and give their 20s to God or their 30s to God or their 40s or 50s. Oh God, may we give him every day of our life. So you see the espousal. Oh my. Israel's betroal to God began at the Exodus. Notice in Exodus 24:6, "And Moses took half of the blood and put it in basins, and half of the blood he sprinkled on the altar." Now, notice that the blood is divided in two parts. So the altar gets half of the blood and the other half of the blood is put in a basin, not for storage. It's got to go on people. And he took the book of the covenant and read it in the audience of the people and they said, "All the Lord has said we will do and be obedient." That's the use of their espous. Oh God, you set us free out of Egypt. God, you done great things. Now remember, they complained about not having no meat and they complained about this and that and the other, but God knew where they were. Remember the Bible tells us that God could have led them another way and it would have been a shorter way, a quicker way, but God knew that the people would become discouraged because of war. So the shorter way, it might have been shorter in distance, but it been a whole lot harder battles. Sometimes you and I look and think, well, it looks like to me God made a mistake in my life. It'd be a lot shorter to go from here to there. Yeah, but God knew all the giants and all the things that be in front of you. And God was watching out for you. So, he sent you 27 miles around this way on this bypass because of his love and mercy. Thank you, Lord. And God knew where they were. They couldn't take it. But yet, he had Moses as his paronym of the Old Testament. And Moses stands up there and said, "Now, this is God's covenant. I'm not going to talk you all into doing this. I want to tell you what God said." And God is a jealous husband. God don't want you worshiping other gods. This is the way God is. Are you all sure that you want to be engaged to God? Oh my. That Oh yes. Yes. All that God has said will do. That sounds like somebody that just got saved, don't it? Oh God, I'll do anything. I'll do anything that won't last long after they've been a while. Well, how come I have to do that? Well, why do I have to give up that? Well, I don't understand that. Now, I don't understand that. Some of you parents that are so ignorant that teach your kids they can be anything they want to be. I've never heard such damnable ideas. Where do you get that at in the Bible? Don't teach your kids such Tommy Rock. Come on. Teach them they need to become what God wants them to be. So what if they want to be a lesbian or a homosexual? You going to let them do that, too? Oh, I don't know what it is about Wednesday night that John the Baptist comes in here, don't he? We need to start having church on Tuesday night. Maybe John will stay home now. Notice what Moses does. And Moses took the blood and sprinkled it on the people. So the altar got half and the people got the other half. Now they were engaged, betrothed to God. Notice and said, "Behold the blood of the covenant which the Lord hath made with you concerning all these words." Notice in Jeremiah 31:32, Jeremiah reiterates the same thing. Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand. Notice touching the hand again. when I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt, which my covenant they break, although I was a husband unto them, saith the Lord. So God despicts Israel then in the Exodus time as a bride, a young bride. But by the time Jeremiah prophesies, she is no longer a young bride, but she's an older wife who sat around with her legs wide open to every man coming by. I know that's plain talk, but that's the Bible. I wonder, friends, if the same thing ain't happening today. It's unbelievable some of the absolute nonsense that preachers have preached around this message. It just overwhelms me. You think, God, how much worse is it going to get? But I know one thing. There's going to be a bride. Amen. Now, this young bride later becomes an unfaithful wife guilty of many sins. Now notice again in Jeremiah 2:3, Israel was holiness. Listen, what a statement. Israel was holiness unto the Lord. Holiness, cadesh, apartness, sacredness, separateness. So, Israel was set aside for the Lord only, not for the Philistines, the Amorites, the Hittites, Jebusites, this king, that king, this man, that man. Oh, no. No. Israel was holiness unto the Lord. So, their life belonged to him. He was the only God they were supposed to worship. The only God they were supposed to love. The only God whose names was supposed to be on their lips. And they were holiness. That's what holiness means. It's not just long hair. It's not just long dress. And we believe in all of that. But many people have a long hair and a long dress and got a big long tongue to match it because they don't bring holiness on the inside of their spirit and let their spirit be cleansed from the filthiness of their spirit. Come on, somebody. We don't want to just be holiness on the outside, but we want to be holiness on the inside. That we are separate. And this is why I said Sunday that our life is not our own. You can't say, "Well, I want to be this and I want to be that." Well, if you can do that, I should be able to do it. And I don't want to be a preacher. So if y'all can decide what you want to do. I decide from tonight on I ain't preaching no more. I'm tired of it. I'm sick of me telling you what to do and you do whatever you want to do and then you come back to me to fix the nonsense you've done. I'm sick of it. So I'm going to build furniture and lay rock and do landscaping. Anybody want to hire me? You'll be worse than Jonah was in the boat if you do. But why is it you think you can do what you want? But you would squall and ball and you would mo have mercy and they would tell what you would call me on Facebook and everything. Well, brother Donnie said he don't want to be a preacher. I cannot believe he does that. Well, that's the way you do. You think your own your own life belongs to you. Your life does not belong to you. You are not your own. You can't marry who you want to marry. You can't listen to things of the world. You can't do what the world says and does because you are holiness unto the Lord. Israel was holiness unto the Lord. Notice in Exodus 19:5. Now therefore, if you will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then you shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people. Now, this is the engagement here. Notice the engagement is filled with ifs. If you will obey my voice indeed and keep my covenant. If if if How could the very same God who brought them out into the land later divide them and set them all across the world and they still are to this day? It is called the diaspora which means they have been dispensed all over the world. Yes. Of course, as humans beings do, the Jews blame God. Huh? Blame God for your own sins. Right. Mama. For all the earth is mine. And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests and a holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel. So Israel is to be holiness unto the Lord. Holiness, not just a name. Now, now remember the high priest wore this across his head. When he went into the presence of God, he wore these words. Holiness unto the Lord. He signified the whole tribes, the whole encampment of Israel. We are set apart. That's why God did not want them Philistines and Amorites and Hittites. I know people even to this very day don't understand. And people call it cruel that God had them to kill them people and get out of there. that a little Philistine grows up to be a big Philistine and a little Amorite grows up to be a big Amorite. And God said, "I don't want you doing that. You are separate to me. I want you marrying among your own. Them people out there worship idols. They do this and that and the other." Come on, church. Somebody say amen. God has exactly the same standard today. He wants his bride to be holiness unto the Lord. Not just a long dress, but thank God a true baptism of the Holy Ghost. And not only that, but believes that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he healed the sick in the book of Acts, he still heals them today. If he did miracles 25 years ago, he still does miracles tonight because he is a miracle working God. fully consecrated to his service. So the spiritual Israel, which is us, we are chosen to wear the same thing on our foreheads. Holiness to the Lord. Yes. Amen. Holiness. There's places we don't go. There's music we don't listen to. Books we don't read. Movies we don't watch. Amen. And if you watch anything and everything, more than likely you ain't got the Holy Ghost. And you better get it if you're planning on going in the rapture. Cuz I'm going to tell you one thing. You ain't going out of here with a message book in your hand. You ain't going out here say I go to brother Donny's church. That don't mean no more than saying you go into a hog pin. You've got to have the seal of the Holy Ghost on your soul. And if you do, your own life will express holiness unto the Lord. I don't live right just because I'm in front of you. I live the same when I'm by myself. It's when you're around. Why? Because I'm living that way before my Lord. I want to be a holiness preacher. Not just when I'm in the pull pit, but when there ain't nobody around me. I want to live right. I want to talk right. I want to do right because I want my life to be holiness to the Lord. Anybody else want to be holiness to the Lord? We don't do what we want to do. He bought my life. You see, they were not allowed to do what they wanted to do. They couldn't even worship the way they thought. They couldn't even build the place of worship the way they thought. God told them how to do it, when to do it, the material to do it, and how long to make it, how wide to make it, how tall to make it, and who to make it. You don't just give to God what you want. Said, "Well, there it is. People think God's hard up. Well, he'll take anything. He ain't taking your garbage and your trash. He wants your best. [Applause] So, Israel was a consecrated offering to Yahweh. They were the first of God's consecrated property. the first fruits of the whole harvest. Glory to God. Israel was the first nation. Glory that God separated for himself. Can't you see why he looked upon it in such a vile way for what they did? When the kings would start marrying, you imagine Solomon, the great man that built the house of God, and then he started marrying the daughter of Pharaoh, and he married this woman and that woman. And of course, they wanted their own church cuz they wasn't going to go to the message church. Preach it. Come on, somebody. If you can't say amen, say ouch. Or at least wiggle your finger so I know you're still alive. So what did he do? The same man that built the house of God had to wind up building Pharaoh's daughter her own place of idolatry. And then the other Arabian princess, he had to build her one and her one. The very same man that built the house of God turned around built all the rest of those idol temples. That's true. Why? Cuz he married a heathen in the first place. Yes, sir. I'm telling you, children, you go ahead and do it. Marry you one of these denominational girls. Marry you some of these denominational men and you will pay. Come on. Amen. Oh God. How many of us do it? You bagg them. You give them scripture. You give them quotes and they do it anyway. But brother Donnie, I'm so lonely. I'm so lonely. I'm going to tell you what's worse than being single and being lonely. Being married to the wrong one and being lonely. I wonder how many lonely days that Solomon had with Pharaoh's daughter. But who was the queen of his art? The Shulamite. But that wasn't enough, was it? No. I had to marry this one for political gain and marry that one and marry that one and marry that one. Well, praise the Lord. Amen. Good to be in church tonight, ain't it? Praise God. Deacon brothers, I guess you can go ahead and start calling all the ambulances around from the local hospitals. And we've got a sign out here. I'm sure if y'all noticed it, emergency entrance. And it comes all the way around this way. It's right back there at the back door. So they can haul us all out once we get done. I'll tell you one thing. I'd rather be slayed right now by the word of God than stand before the white throne judgment and God look at you and say, "Why did you disobey me? Why? Israel were the first fruits showing that there's going to be a lot more. You see, they were one of a kind first fruit. So are we. And that's why that God separated them from the rest of the nations. Actually, the unconsecrated nations would be punished by God's wrath for touching his first fruits. Why? The first fruits belong to God alone. That's right. So when your barley come to the ripest, you take the very first bundle of it, which would be on the certain side of the field that got the morning sun. And when you cut that down and you gave that to God. If any person ate that first fruits, they were to be killed. And God said, "Israel is my first fruits. Don't you touch them, Goliath. Don't you touch them, Philistines. God is a jealous God. Look, friends, he don't even want you putting your own ideas above his word, much less a preacher. Some of you won't put a preacher cuz you ain't going to follow no preacher. You're so stubborn, but you'll put your own damnable ideas. Bless him. At least if you're following a preacher, he'll have to have have to answer for you. But when you rebel against God's man preaching the truth, you understand there will be no one to stand with you. You will walk before God by yourself. I will not be there. Ezra was holiness unto the Lord and the first fruits of his increase. That is so humbling really when you think about it that God would call human beings the progeny of his increase. a bunch of dirt piles, weakless human beings. And God said, "But they're my first fruits. They're mine. I claim them." Israel was holiness unto the Lord. And the first fruits of his increase, all that devour him shall offend, and evil shall come upon them. saith the Lord. Let them blast us. Let them plaster our name all over YouTube. Let them plaster God's prophet name all over YouTube. Let them say whatever they want to say. But remember, God's word will not return unto him void. Call us a cult and stand before the white throne judgment of God and God will make you give an account for calling his queen an occult. Oh my. Amen. You'll get by with it in this life. That's to delay the judgment, to harden your heart, to coax you into saying more. You see, consecrated nations were not to touch them. Those who persecute God's children have a grievous burden to bear. The nation of Judah had lost their honeymoon love. So now it had come down to just the humrum of marriage that got back off the honeymoon and now it's getting up every day and fixing the eggs and they didn't eat bacon but eggs and whatever else they ate. and you know, mopping the tent floor. Well, I guess you'd have a tent floor, would you? Anyway, whatever they done, taking care of the babies and milking the goats and cattle and whatever more and just everyday life. And they needed a little bit of an excitement going to church. So, they started having affairs on God. Because going to church become some, you know, just so humrum and just, oh my goodness, you can time it. I mean, you know, brother Louie is going to get up early and he's going to be two, three minutes late and then so and so is going to do this and they're going to get so and so to pray and then they're going to read the prayer request and they're going to do this and they're going to do that. Well, if you're so against repetition, why is it that you brothers put the same britch's leg, the same leg in your britches, the same one that you've done for the last 48 years? Why do you put one sock on first before you do the other one? Why is it that you start at the top or the bottom of your shirt if you're wearing buttons and you do it in a certain way? You know why? Because you're methodical. It would surprise you if you knew how much every day of your life is committed to your subconscious and you do it in a methodical way. Well, why don't you despise that? Why don't you start wearing your shirt inside out? Why don't you wear the tail of your shirt up here and then wear the collar down here where you can try to walk around like this? If you hate methodical thing, why don't you hate that the way you hate going to church? Why don't you hate going to Walmart the way, well, if I go to church, I'm going to stand there and clap my hand and brother Louie is going to say, "Come on now, everybody. Let's praise the Lord." Brother Donnie is going to get up there and start preaching and reading a bunch of quotes and sweating and running back and forth across the pull pit and going to say, "Is anybody going to say amen or not?" Come on, W. Let's say amen. And we're going to sit there and nod our heads and say, "Man, I am so sick and tired of doing that." Are you sick and tired of going to Walmart? Are you sick and tired of getting up and going to the same old job every day, clocking in at the same old time clock? Come on, somebody. Oh my. There ought to be such a passion inside of our heart that even if it does run in a similar pattern, we are so blessed to clap our hands. We are so blessed to worship God. We are so blessed to praise him. Ezekiel 16:8 God again reminding them of the way he found them. Now when I passed by thee and looked upon thee, behold thy time was the time of love. and I spread my skirt over thee. You see, now Israel has grown up. She's become a young woman and may I say a very beautiful young woman. The actually the adornment that she is wearing is quite remarkable. She has jewels and she has shoes, which more than likely none of them would have hardly had. Moses did. But the most rest of them being slaves, slaves didn't have shoes. But God allowed their shoes to be made out of the same material that the tabernacle was made out of. So God covered himself with this skin and God said, "I want you all to wear what I wear. So they had gold and they had silver and God said, "I give you corn and I give you my oil. This was my oil. I gave it to you and I passed by you and I found you in the time of love." So her hair had grown out. Now she's become a young woman. And I spread my skirt over thee. So now the skirt was the lower part of the man's garment. I spread my skirt over thee and covered thy nakedness. That ought to make every one of us want to shout hallelujah. Cuz that's the way we were in Leodosia. We were blind, naked, wretched, miserable, and didn't even know it. And the Lord God passed by our way and spread his skirt over the top of us and covered our nakedness. Oh my. And covered thy nakedness. Yay. I swear unto thee. I swear unto thee, and entered into a covenant with thee, saith the Lord God. And thou becamest. Oh my. So now she's old enough for love, the marriageable age. So he spreads his skirt over her and betro her to himself. Remember in the book of Ruth chapter 2 of chapter 3 rather verse 8. And it came to pass as midnight that the man was afraid, and he turned himself. And behold, a woman lay at his feet, and he said, "Who art thou?" And she answered, "I am Ruth, thine headmade. Spread therefore thy skirt over thine handmmaid, for thou art a near kinsman." Wow. So Naomi gave her instruction that day before she left. She said, "Listen, girl. It's time for you to take your morning clothes off. Not m o r n i n g, but m o u r n i n g." Cuz her husband was dead and they would wear them for years. So a man would look at a widow and know that she could not be married for a while until she took them clothes off. But you imagine Naomi said, "If you're going to go to him, you're going to have to present yourself in the right way. Don't go mourning." Oh, hallelujah. You've got to change the way you think about yourself. Oh, yeah. If you're going to marry this man, you've got to present yourself as a marriageable woman. Get them wid clothes off. In other words, devil, we're through. Hallelujah. I ain't yours no more, devil. I'm tired of you. I'm tired of what you've done to me. I'm going to my Boaz and I'm going to present myself as a marriageable woman. So you imagine Boaz wakes up. He said, "What in the world?" He's, you know, coming out of the He said, "What in the world is a woman?" And he said, "Oh Lord God, what in the world? How in the world did this happen? There wasn't a woman there when I laid down. Little Ruth says, "Spread your skirt over me, for you are a near kinsman. Ask me to marry you and I will say yes." Now, sisters, don't you do that. Oh my. Spread therefore. Don't you understand why our Lord Jesus had to become a man? The logos couldn't wear a skirt that would be spreadable over humans. So the Lord God put on a tent. And the bottom part of the tent had a flap. so he could take his bride. And as a matter of fact, when you go to look at the tabernacle that was built, and it's really odd in the way that God gave the direction to Moses and he told him to make it longer in the rectangular form, then actually it would be needed. And then what they would do, they would take and turn the flaps back around this way, which I've set up tents many time. We never set one up this way. But God was typifying what was it? The north side. The north side. That's the side Satan wanted. And they wrapped the back part of it around where the Shikana was at. And they wrapped it around on the outside and it interwoven together and they sealed it on that back and there the presence of God was. And God had to become a man with a tent. And there he was at the cross. Eli Eli lay. and he spread his tent over his roof. But the question is, will that tent be on you when he comes? Ezekiel 16:8, "When I passed by thee, and looked upon thee, behold, thy time was a time of love. And I spread my skirt over thee, and covered thy nakedness. Yay, I swear unto thee, and entered into a covenant with thee, saith the Lord God, thou becamestine." So notice in Exodus 34:27, and the Lord said unto Moses, write these words, after the tenor of these words, I have made a covenant with thee and with Israel. Now, where's this at? Mount Si. So the tent was spread over him, his tent of love, his protection. He sent a mighty eagle down the land of Egypt and covered them and brought them out. Now he brings them to Sinai and he says, "Will you all be my wife?" They said, "Yes, Lord God, we will. Whatever you want us to do, it don't matter what it is." Easy to say. I married my first couple when I was 18 years old. The groom had been sick in the hospital. The wedding was on the outside in a hot summer day. So I'm standing there. He's just a kid marrying two other kids basically. And I noticed him and I thought, "Oh my goodness." Well, in a few seconds he was laying on the ground. Way the marriage ended up, I don't know, it might have been the right thing for him. I'm just saying, you know, I have married so many since then. And I will listen to them as they will say their vows. I Donnie take thee Carol to be my lawful wedded wife to heaven and to whole from this day forward for better for worse for richer for poor in sickness and in health. Now Carol will you say the same? I Carol take thee Donnie to be my lawful witted husband to heaven to hold from this day forward for better or for worse. It's amazing how fast we can say that. But then when worse comes we're looking for somebody else better. That wasn't what you said. And that's the way a lot of people come to Jesus. Oh, you give me eternal life. I do. I give you eternal life. Oh, I want it. I want it. I don't want to go to hell. I don't want to be lost. Yes. Yes. Yes. I take it. I take it. What else? I've got healing. I've got miracles. I've got virtue. I've got salvation. Well, of course I want it. I want it all. And he says, um, you got to quit cutting your hair. What? Yeah. That that music that you're listening to, all that old country stuff and all the rock and roll stuff, it ain't nothing but one affair after another. What do you think that's doing in your heart? Why, that don't make no difference. Now, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I thought you was going to be my wife. I wonder when we stand before the Lord out of the thousands times thousands in this age that say they believe this word. Wonder how many there will actually be. And the sad part about it is they will stand before God and his paronym. They will not be in the rapture of course unless their wife. They will be raised at the end of the millennium and brought before the white throne. The judgment will be set. Their book will be open. Which means all their deeds that they did in their unbelief. Well, I don't believe that and I don't believe that and I don't think that matters anymore and I don't think that matters. All that's been kept in a record against you, against me. Then when we walk up there, thou will send the paran, thou will send the pastor that tried to lead you, the evangelist that God used to speak to you when nobody but you and God knew what you was going through. And God anointed a man to say something and you knew it's directly to you and yet you walked right out of there and done exactly what you wanted to do anyway. And that's wrote down in heaven. God have mercy on us children. We've come too far to start playing church. How many wants to be more consecrated than you've ever been before all of your lives? Do you still have that honeymoon love? I sent a little love text to my darling wife today and I said, 'I want you to know, my darling, I love you so much and you are the queen of my heart. Absolutely. Well, I don't text Jesus, but I talk to him daily and nightly sometimes when I can't sleep, too. Just letting him know. And sometimes I do this on purpose. I don't mention you all. I don't mention the sick in our church. I don't mention the sick that I know around the world. I bring no request. I just go to talk to him and just say, "I didn't come here to ask you for anything. I just came to talk with you, Lord. You've answered a million prayers or more that I forgot to thank you for. I just came to talk with you, Lord. Maybe tomorrow there will be trouble and sorrow and a thousand teardrops may fall. But until I face tomorrow's task, I have no special favors to ask. I just came to talk with you, Lord. You ever go to him that way? Or do you always have your wish list and your want list? There's an appropriate time for your list. But I wonder how we make him feel sometimes when the only time we go to prayer. I need this. I need that. I want that. my nephew, my uncle, my cousin, my brother, my sister-in-law, my father-in-law, you know, uncle so and so and so and so, how would you feel? If every time somebody come to you, they always wanted something. So when he answers those prayers, do you go back to him and say, "Oh yeah, I want to check this off, check that off, check that off, check that off, check that off. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." or do we just come back with more requests? Think of it, friends. Do we still love Jesus with the honeymoon love? Or are now we an old married couple and we're grouchy and contrary and well, we are. He He isn't, but we're grouchy and contrary and you know, we don't like this and we don't like that and we complain over this and that and the other and well, I didn't get this out of church and I didn't get that out of church. And he said, "I remember the days of your youth when you was just so happy to be there. You were so happy." Bring us back, Lord. Can we bow our heads? God told them, "Thou beamest mine." And then he says, "Turn, oh backsliding children, saith the Lord, for I am married unto you." Now, let's not take our shovel, as it were, and say, "Boy, I'll tell you one thing. Oh, brother so and so sure needed that tonight, and sister so and so needed that, and boy, I'll tell you this and that and the other. Boy, praise God. I hope God really dealt with them. Let's Let's not think about them so much right now. Let's think about us. I want the Lord God to start with me first off and search me. Look at me. Look at you. Let us see is our love the honeymoon love. I study people and it's amazing. and you go out to eat Cracker Barrel wherever you go. You can tell people it's been married a long time cuz after they place their order, he looks one way and she looks the other and they sat there and they don't hardly talk and they just sat there. Either that or they're on their phones. They're more addicted to their phones than they are to one another, which is an absolute shame. Brother Fred Mullins's my dear friend. They've got a little rule at their house. When all the grandkids and all the family comes over to eat, they've got a basket. Everybody's cell phone goes in the basket and they talk to one another. Wow. That's a lose. That's a lost trade, isn't it? Being able to talk. Oh my. Can we just bow our heads together? I I just wonder how many how many of you want want to be closer to him than you've ever been. Look friends, apparently somebody here tonight, more than one somebody I figure is at the marriageable age and either somebody present or somebody streaming or somebody that'll stream it tomorrow. You're fixing to be faced with a terrible, terrible thing. Be careful. Oh my, Lord Jesus. Lord, this this service went so different than what I thought it would go. as I was studying these things and I I just I thought in my mind of a direction that it would wind up going, but it's went so different tonight. But you know the way it needs to go, not me. So Lord, I don't want you I don't want you to begin with Brother Daryl. I don't want you to begin with the deacons or the trustee brothers or the musicians on the platform, but begin with me, Lord. Look at me. Put me under your great MRI, your great CT, all your great scan of your word. See if there's anything in me, Lord, that displeases you. Any attitude, anything about me, Lord, any doctrine, anything, please, Lord. Oh Jesus, I love you, Lord. You know my heart. Oh God, I pray for the young, the old, the middle-aged, some here, Father, been saved for decades. I'm sure probably many of them like me tonight. They never wanted to be old and cold and indifferent. Oh Jesus, help us. May the spirit of God move across this place tonight. Father, for the visitors that's in our gates, Father, may you minister to them as well. those that will stream the service, those that'll archive it. Father, oh Jesus, may we fall in love with you all over again. Let us know you as never before. Oh Jesus, I'm reminded of what you told the Ephesian age. I have somewhat against you because you have left. I know people quote it lost, but that's not what the Bible says. The Bible says left. When we lose something, more than likely, we don't know where it is, but they left it. So, they didn't lose it, not knowing where it was. They left it and had an idea of where they left it at. I have somewhat against you because you have left your first love. Oh Jesus, may you move on each of our hearts tonight. Father, I pray just for a few moments. Lord, we have great needs here. Requests laying here before me, Father. Lord, different ones in our church have great needs. But Lord, just for a moment, we want to just hold on them for for just a few moments and say, "Lord God, our needs, our needs for our soul, our needs for our walk, our needs for our passion, our desire. Oh, if we could be as passionate about you as we are about sports and we are about hunting and we are about making money and oh my people get so excited over this and that and the other and yet when it comes to church the least little thing discourages them from come to the house of God. why they're not as passionate about it as they are going to the lake or going to Dollywood or going here, there, there. It's amazing. They get a headache, they won't come to church, but they'll take a Tylenol and go ahead and go to Dollywood. Don't make no sense to me since it's an hour and 40 minute drive down there and an hour and 40 minute back. They're going to have to stand in line in the hot sun and then come in here and air condition it. The problem is their love life. Israel had got to that place. The love life had gone cold. Oh Jesus, we love you tonight. Father, we worship you. Hallelujah. Lord, anybody here tonight beside me like to just have your love renewed with the Lord Jesus? Would you raise your hands? the majority of the audience that I can see. So, would you do me a favor? Would you turn and lay your hand on that person standing there by you? They wanted their love renewed with Jesus. They don't necessarily need to be saved again. It don't necessarily mean that they need the Holy Ghost again, but they just it just don't feel right. You husbands and wives know you have a little disagreement. You have some words between you and you can still say I love you and still hug her and all that same thing, but somehow it just don't feel right between you. You know, it can become that same way with Jesus. We still go through the motion. We still go to church and we still read our Bible, listen to tapes on the occasion, but it just don't feel right. Hallelujah. Brother Daryl, would you come up, my brother? Pray for the people. Now remember, you're praying for them and they're praying for you. Brother Daryl, would you pray for me as you're praying for the people? Heavenly Father, oh dear Jesus, Lord, we are so grateful in our hearts tonight, Lord. Oh Lord God, I pray as I was thinking, Lord, the prophet of God said God loves you because he sent me to tell you the truth. And oh God, tonight we we know that you love us, Lord, because you have sent brother Donnie to tell us the truth. Oh God, we pray father as we lay hands on one another that we would fall deeper in love with you Lord Jesus that our lives would be focused upon you Lord and the the will of your word for our lives dear God we pray may we lay aside Lord every way every feather Lord every ideal that would be contrary to your word Lord that we hear you say that day well done thy good and faithful servant Lord I pray for my brothers and my sisters tonight dear God I pray for this body of believers around the world, dear God, as we see, Lord, the signs of your prophecies, Lord, being fulfilled before our very eyes. May it be a time of reconsecration and a time of rededication of our lives to you, Lord, that we would lay aside the things, dear God, that does not really matter, Lord, and strive for that thing which is eternal, dear God. I pray for my brother and my sisters tonight, Lord. That our decisions would be pleasing to you, Lord. That our walk and our life would be pleasing to you, Lord. Oh God, bring back the new again, Lord, upon the hearts of your people, dear God. Stir, dear God, that stir of a revival in our souls again, Lord, that our lives would thirst, dear God, for the reality of your word, Lord. That we would not seek after a sensation, Lord, or a sign, but we would seek after the reality of your word, Lord, that the word of God would not just be in print, Lord, but it would be a living word manifested in our lives, dear God. We pray tonight, Lord. I pray for brother Donnie, Lord, as he lays hands upon me and we lay hands upon one another, Lord. May these prayers, God, may it be unto thy ears, oh Lord, that we would hear our cry to you, Lord, for we know that you are the God who answers back, dear God. And I pray today, Lord Jesus, that you'd hear our prayer, Lord, as we offer it unto you from a sincere heart, dear God, from a broken heart, Lord, who has heard your word tonight, Lord. And God, we identify with it, Lord. And this is our desire, dear God. For Lord, you found us here in these in the naked and blind and wretched and bored. And you have clothed us, dear God, in the righteousness of the message of this hour, Lord. But oh God, may it not just be clothed on the outside, but on the inside, Lord, living out, Lord, that others may see the reality of your word, Lord. We commit oursel into your hands tonight. Father, bring back the new again, Lord. Bring back that that honeymoon as our brother has preached tonight. Lord, bring back that feeling among us, dear God. We pray, Lord, that our greatest desire, Lord, would be to serve you, Lord, that our greatest desire would be to please you, Lord. Grant it tonight, Lord, as we commit these things into your hands for your glory. We ask these things in Jesus name we pray. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen and amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother JD brought this prayer request up. Please pray for Jude and Sydney. Both are sick and they're sending Sydney to the ER to be checked for sepsis. This is Justin's wife and little boy. I know there's others in the church that's sick. Can we just take them there for the Lord? Jude and Sydney also. Brother Steve Newsome, others who have a request on your heart, would you just raise it there to God? Amen. Brother Mike Lunsford had to go today and we're going to do a a heart procedure on him on Friday. I know our brother would appreciate the prayers. I know there's others that have needs. Now we've asked him to help us. Now let's spring our petitions. Lord Jesus, your prophet gave us the way that we should pray. That was that we begin with worship. God, we start talking to you and just loving you and worshiping you. Then we bring our petitions. Father, you see Sydney and Jude, Lord. Dear God, we pray that you just move for him tonight. Father, you see them send in Sydney, Lord, to for further testing to see if she might have this sepsis. We know it's a terrible thing. Lord, in the name of Jesus, would you move for them both tonight, Lord? Dear God, we're also praying, Father, for our brother Maurice. We know, Lord, that his wife had to take him in. Lord, I I heard from him right before service and he's feeling some better but still not well. We pray for him tonight. Father, we pray for brother Steve Newsome, Lord Jesus, and his family. Dear God, you see the battle that our brother is in. And we're praying the hand of God. We just move for him tonight in the name of Jesus. We pray for his wife. We pray for his children. Lord, we know those of us that have been down a similar path, how difficult to do seeing your loved one that's in pain and sickness and can't eat and all that sort of thing. May the angel of God go by their home tonight, Father, in the name of Jesus. May the spirit of God move for them. Lord God made made something similar happen to us tonight that happened to Isaiah the prophet that day when he went before the presence of God and the voice said, "Who can I send? Who will go before me?" And after the angel of God came and touched his lips with the coals of fire, then the prophet said, "Here am I. Send me." Lord, may your coals of fire not only touch our lips, but purge our hearts, our souls. If there's anything in us that you find displeasing to you, Lord, then we can say also, "Here we are. Send us Lord. Hallelujah. We worship you tonight oh God in the name of Jesus. Minister to the needs of your people tonight. Oh father. Praise your holy name Lord. We worship you Lord Jesus. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Everybody now that save a wretch like me. Hallelujah. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I can see. Oh, praise God. Let's raise our hands now as we sing it. Let's praise him. Let's worship him. Let's make love to him now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Remember the days of your youth. Remember the days of your espouses to the king. When those tears run down your cheeks when church seemed so short. Oh, you just wanted them to preach longer and pray longer and sing longer. May God renew us tonight. refresh us in his presence. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. When we've been there. Oh, when we been there 10,000 years, bright shine as the sun. Oh yes, Lord. We've no less days to sing of God's praise than when we first beun. Let's pick it up a little bit now. When the battle's over. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown a little faster. Oh, we shall wear a crown. Oh, we shall wear a crown. Oh, when the battle's over, we're crowned in that new Jerusalem. We wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Oh, we wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Oh, and when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear crown. We shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. We'll wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new [Music] Jerusalem. Oh, I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails. fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. All my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus. Life you have been so so good. with every breath that I am able. Oh, we worship you, Lord. We worship you, Lord, of the good name. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord God. Amen. We bless your name tonight, Father. All my life you have been faithful. All my life, Lord God. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. All my life, all my life, Lord, faithful. Oh, yes, you have, Lord. I mean, you can say he has your whole life. I have been so You've been so good. With every breath that I may, oh, oh Lord God, that I Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Father. We can testify tonight, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You've been faithful. You've been faithful. We have not so much, but you sure have to us, Lord. We give you praise, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, I will sing. God bless you, saints. It's a good day for the fear of God. Hallelujah. Amen. How many can say it's been good to be in the house of the Lord? Praise the Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. I'm sure that probably most of you know about it that there will be a graduation over here in our fellowship hall on uh Saturday afternoon. It's for uh the uh school from up in Cloverdale where people from around the world I guess different parts of the states they homeschool their kids through that program and uh they'll be they wanted to use our facility for that. And I've asked brother uh brother Ray Michael Ray to preach for us on Sundays. Brother Tom Ray's son. So it will be Saturday for that. They're expecting about 150 people or so to come in. Family all the way from New Zealand coming in to bring one of their children to be part of that. So we're happy for them that they could do it. We're happy we could have a place to let them do it. Look what God's done for us. Look what God's done for us. Brothers, stop the streaming.
