################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.175 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.175
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X5lOfuHaDU
========================================

[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing that chorus again. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God which is in our feet tonight. Love you Lord for your mercy never fails me. Oh all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. [Music] You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been faithful. You believe that tonight? Oh, all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. How many's happy to be in service tonight? Amen. Come to praise the Lord this evening. You can be seated. Quite a few prayer requests have been turned in. A couple of or announcement to make. Uh the Fourth of July meetings is less than three weeks away. They've been uh begun planning several activities. They are needing sisters to sign up for kitchen help and brothers to sign up for help in the fellowship hall. They have two-hour time slots that are planned to allow rest time for us to enjoy these special meetings. You may sign up for more if you wish. It's very important that we fill all the slots to allow us to do all that is planned. Please sign up as soon as possible as we finalize plans. Uh signup sheets are located in the library. So, uh don't forget to go over there and sign up for a couple hours of of your time. I mean, I know the people that would be visiting would certainly appreciate it and I know they appreciate us hosting them. So, it's a a group effort. So, uh go sign up over in the library after service tonight. Uh brother Randy Scott wanted to give a praise report. He had three young brothers come help him uh Saturday. Um move some stuff. Said he just wanted to thank the Lord for uh allowing them to help him. It said there were um three young men. So we probably didn't wouldn't know them, but their names were JP, Ben, and Elijah. He just wanted to publicly thank them and say God bless. Amen. So we certainly appreciate those young men for helping him. Want to remember uh these needs tonight. Please pray for Freddy Bennett. He owns A1 auto salvage. Here it says uh he had a neck surgery on Tuesday. His right side was not working properly. They had another surgery this morning and he has no use of his right side. He is facing a third surgery tomorrow. So they've asked for prayer for him tonight. So we want to remember that need. Want to remember brother Andrew. Uh, Sister Janet Kennedy asks us to remember Andrew in prayer has a very important unspoken prayer request tonight. Amen. I know the Lord knows the need. Uh, an emailed um request to the library asking the church to remember Jerretta in prayer. She's having severe back pain. Goes for a nerve block on Tuesday. Please pray for good results. Uh, Sister Linda Jablonsky want us to remember Sister Joanne Tessa. Uh, she passed out. Is currently at the Johnson City Medical Center. her tests are coming back positive except she has high blood pressure. Uh just please remember her in prayer. So we certainly want to lift her up before the Lord tonight in our prayers. Another emailed request uh kindly asking the church to please remember me in prayer. The devil has been afflicting me with one illness after another. I know God we serve can heal and deliver me. Says thank you. That's brother Tim Tim Budram from Guyana. We want to remember that need tonight. Uh, Sister Ruth Louise Jax requesting prayer for her daughter Elizabeth Anne. She'll be having her wisdom teeth removed. Please pray that all goes well. Brother Jim Hughes from Virginia had called and asked to be continued remember in prayer for some physical needs. Also, his wife took a bad fall is experiencing severe pain in her arm and legs. Also, his son had three large kidney stones removed on Tuesday and is asking for a speedy recovery. I said just wants everyone to know that he loves you. appreciate appreciates all your prayers. Uh Sister Brandy Anon asked to please continue to remember her sister in prayer, April. Uh still needs a touch from the Lord. So we certainly want to remember her tonight in our prayers. Also um another emailed request. Uh could you please pray for our daughter Rebecca who is currently in Europe for total deliverance from a mental and spiritual issues. It says thank thank you and God richly bless you. That was from Sister Jennifer in Australia. Amen. And so I know the Lord knows the need there. Amen. How many has a need tonight upon your hearts like to signify to the Lord tonight? Let's just stand to our feet. Brother Rob, could you come this evening and take us to the Lord in prayer? Amen. Let's pray. Dear Lord, thank you so much. Once again, we come before you in prayer with thanksgiving always. Thanksgiving in our hearts is how we approach I thank you for your grace that you've given us an opportunity for us to bring prayer requests to the throne. I thank you for the life that you've given us and the life that's in the bride that is you that it's you all along. I thank you Lord for all these requests that are made known to the people. I thank you for the opportunity of a place to bring them. I thank you Lord from all over the world these requests come in Lord the faith that it takes to make a request around the world. I thank you Lord for that revelation. I pray Lord that I recognize that when I first started coming here 20 years ago, I recognized that I could get help. If I could get out of the way, I could get help. And and greater love hath no man than this, that he would lay down his life for his friends. So we lay down our lives, Lord, in prayer, in faith, believing that you can do all things according to your perfect will. Bring forth that light and that love and the grace, Lord, that you bestowed upon us. It is a mutual relationship. And we thank God for a living God. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song tonight as brothers would come receive the evening offering. God is good all the time. Amen. Makes me think about brother Terry when we sing this song. Let's just sing this for him tonight. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. If you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Oh, cause and promise to never leave you. nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart. My God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Even sinners so unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. Fill us with the Holy Spirit. Now we can testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good. Good all the time. We were sinners so unworthy still for us. He chose to die. Filled us with his holy spirit. We can stand and testify. and his love, his everlasting and his mercies, they will never end. God is good. God is good all the time. Song of praise in this heart. My God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, God is good. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in his heart. My God is all through the dark side. His light shine. God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good. God is good. Yes, God is good. God is good all the time. Amen. How many can say amen to that tonight? Amen. I bless your name. If you have C, I think C. Is it C? Let's sing this little course. You can be seated tonight. Um, Brother Matthew, Brother Ryan have a special for us. They be preparing for that. And then, Brother Caleb, Brother Joe, and Brother Jason have a song tonight as well. Amen. Let's sing this little course to him as this brother's prepared to sing for us. in prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. all inside. I was praying that night and in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loosed and they were free. Then they sang, "I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. and I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Oh, some midnight hour. If you should find [Music] you're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and pray. Divide those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor and I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] Amen. Give our brothers a nice hand as they prepare to sing for you. [Applause] [Music] And all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God sing. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. From you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve your glory. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] You are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. From you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] Day and night, night and day, let incense rise. Day and night, night and day, let incense rise. Day and night, night and day, let incense rise. Day and night, night and day inense rise. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. From you all things to you all. You deserve [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] Come [Music] on. [Music] All my life I've heard them talk of heaven. It's a place where loved ones live while ages roll. It's been many, many years since forgiven. And I'm just a little homesick to go. [Music] Yesterday brought tears that made me wonder [Music] if I'd ever walk upon those streets of gold. [Music] Oh, but Lord, you gave me strength. I didn't blunder. [Music] And I'm just a little homesick to go. But must I wait until the sun dries up the ocean or till the farmer goes to re before he s I've set my eyes upon the sky for the slightest motion. Because I'm just a little home sick to go. [Music] [Music] But must I wait until the sun dries up the ocean or till the farmer goes to rain before he saw? I've set my eyes upon the sky for the slightest motion. Because I'm just a little homesick to go. I've set my eyes upon the skies for the slightest motion because I'm just a little homesick to go. [Music] Oh Lord, I'm just a little homesick [Music] to go. [Laughter] [Music] [Applause] There's one word I'd change in that song. Not a little homesick, a lot of homesick. Every every day we live in Satan's Eden, it makes me more desirous to leave this place, don't it, you? Yeah. Brother Tim Puit says it this way. It's the in this rat race and the rats are the one winning. So, I guess that's why we don't feel at home anymore. Oh, what a country he's waiting for us. So, praise the Lord. Aren't you happy to be together tonight in the house of the Lord? What a privilege it is for us to be be gathered here and just to know that God is so so mindful of us. U let's turn if you would to Genesis chap 24 verse 21. We'll pray before we read the word. Um, I've been asking you to pray for brother Luther Dishman and his daughter had called Carol this evening and brother Luther had been in the hospital but they let him come home. Um, but he needs um a heart cast because something going on in his heart but his kidneys function is really really low and they can't really do the heart cast because of that. So may have to put him on dialysis a bit before they do it. So he just has several several needs in his body and know they'd appreciate if we would remember them and keep him and his wife his wife also in the hospital. She's still in there. I know that God would be be mindful of them. Anybody else want to lift your hand? You got a need or request on your heart tonight. Let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful that we have you in the time of great stress and trouble that we can look to, Father, and bring our needs and our requests and our petitions to you. It seems as if though, Lord, that we hardly can go a day anymore without so much going on and so much happening in the lives of the children of God. You knew it would come to this place. You knew father and you said it when you were here that at times would get worse and worse and the signs that it would be in the end time. We know the reoccurring instances of what went on in the days of Noah and violence filled the earth and we can see it all around us everywhere. Lord, you see the situation with Israel and Iran and Lord, the eruptions of violence in our own nation and protests and this and that and the other. We know it's just a pre-tribulation period anointing that's getting on people. Some people would rather argue than be peaceful. They'd rather just protest and and throw rocks and just all kinds of violent behavior. It's strange the time the time that we're in. And then Lord, sometimes to see the church people get under the same thing. But we pray that we would be anointed not with pre-tribulation, but pre-rapture anointing. That's what we want to operate under, Lord. We don't want our thoughts and our minds and our behavior influenced by this world that we're living. We're in it, but we're not of it. So, Father, we're bringing before you tonight the needs and the request of your people. We pray for Brother Luther Dishman tonight. We're thankful that he was able to get released out of the hospital today, but you see the doctors uh say that he needs his heart cast and the stuff that they would have to use to do that would be very hard on his kidneys. So, you see exactly that situation. Lord, we pray that you'd be mindful of our brother tonight. Lord, Sister Barbara, you see this terrible thing that she's dealing with, Lord, and part of her her mind and no longer knows her children, her family, and all that sort of thing. Dear God, we pray for your mercy. Dear Jesus, help her. I ask you, Lord, this prayer cross that I have in my hand tonight, Lord, for one of our brothers here in the church. You see the need that he has in his body, and I'm just praying, Father, that you'd move on his behalf in the name of Jesus. There was many hands that was uplifted signifying a need, maybe multiple needs. So, we ask that you just remember them as well. And as we endeavor to look into your word tonight, I pray that you'd help me to be able to get out of the way. Lord, shut my mouth to anything that would displease you. Open my mouth, my heart. Make me a channel by which the spirit of God can flow out and be able to speak to your children. Grant it, Father, in the name of Jesus, we pray. And the saints said, "Amen." Genesis chapter 24 verse 21. And the man wondering at her held his peace, to wit whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. As we know, marriage is a very serious thing. And before I go into uh Rebecca again tonight, I've just been thinking about it. had been on my heart that I know there's several of our um young adults here at the church that are at the marriageable age and some that are praying and thinking of course about girlfriends, boyfriends, all that sort of thing, which is natural for it to to be that way. And sometimes you may look around and think, well, I look at every boy in the church and I think I don't see nobody I want to spend the rest of my life with. And they may look around at you and think the same thing about you. You never know. But let me just say that that's a very important thing in our life. Whenever we come to that age and that stage in our life that we feel the pull and the desire for a mate and maybe you look around and think, well, I've been to this youth camp and I've been to this church and that church and I just haven't found anybody yet and I I I don't know what I'm going to do and I'm afraid I'm going to be an old maid because I'm 20 now or I'm 25 or whatever it is that you might be and you're thinking, "Oh my goodness, what am I going to do? And I'll tell you a mistake that I've seen so many around the message make and that is out of fear that they will join up with someone that's maybe a denominational person, maybe a good person as we will say. You don't want to marry a good person. you want to marry a great one and there is a world of difference or they will get someone maybe even in the ranks of the message and their their doctrinal differences are so far apart and let me tell you something there's there's doctrines in this message and churches and some of the things that some of the people message people believe and promote I would not feel very comfortable in recommending any of our people to marry some of that stuff cuz it would be just about as bad as marrying a denominational because it actually is. It's a message denomination. And they will think the fear, the trauma will begin to move in their minds and then the anxiety and then they'll go to sinking in in the realm of compromise. Well, it's not perfect. It's not ideal, but I'd rather have that than I would to be alone for the rest of my life. And you may look at it and think, well, you know, it it's terrible to be single and be alone. But let me tell you what's worse. To be married and to feel alone. Amen. Because in my ministry of decades of counseling people around the world, I've counseledled many that were dealing with extreme loneliness and sadness and depression because they were married. because they married the wrong one. So, let me encourage you tonight, young people. Remember that God is the one who brought you on the earth. And just as God ordained Rebecca for Isaac, God has, if you're sisters, God has your Isaac or Jim or Joe or Fred or Bartholomew or whatever he's called. He's somewhere on the earth. And if you're a brother, he's got your Sally, your Suzie, your Carol, your, you know, Beth or whatever it is. So, don't let Satan trip you up with your anxiety and your frustration and your worry. But what you need to do is get on them knees, sir. And pray that old boy right into your life. Hallelujah. or pray that young sister right into your life and believe that the same God that was mindful. Now remember Elizer had this stress placed upon him and he's under a great load and responsibility. How did he go about doing this? He prayed about it. And what did he do once he felt like that God was answering his prayer? The Bible tells us, of course, in the following verses that he bowed his head and he worshiped the Lord. Why? Because God had answered his prayer. But God did not love Rebecca or he did not love Isaac a bit more than he loves you young sisters at our church or you young brothers. Is that right? But the thing is that you need and remember you young sisters, God's prophet has taught us that you were actually brought on earth by your husband. Your life has great value. God predestinated you to live in this time frame, in this age, to be identified under this message. Don't you settle for anything less than a prince charming in your life. Amen. You don't have to compromise for some man that's going to treat you like a doormat. That's right. If he does not love you and want to make you the queen of his life, he is not worthy of your love. That's right. My Lord, I thought at least some of the sisters had said, "Amen. That's exactly right, brother Donnie. I'll settle for less. Well, if you do, I feel sorry for you. That if you settle for less, you deserve what you get. So, if you settle for less, you may get a man that'll come to church for a while until he gets you, then he wants to pull you and your kids out of church and never bring you back. Then, sister, if you chose that, you pretty much signed up for it. You made your bed, as we say, lay in it. And it's the same with your brothers when you do the same thing. But don't let Satan try to put that frustration and that doubt and that worry in your mind. I know, you know, a lot of the people around the message, they say, "Well, a lot of these youth camps, they ain't nothing but dating things and they're just there to meet boys and girls." Well, first of all, that's a lie. I know the brothers that hold a lot of these youth camps, and they never talk about people meeting people. They're there for what? People to get filled with the Holy Ghost, people to get healed, people to get delivered, people to get sanctified. But there have been some that have met their mate there. And there's nothing wrong with that as long as you put God first. Is that right? But the most important thing, the reason we go to any meeting is to be able to receive something from the hand of God. But there is nothing wrong while you're there if you see a young lady filled with the Holy Ghost and you want to get her name and her address and whatever more as long as her father approves of it. Nothing wrong with that. But remember, we do not believe that we have to compromise where we stand on God's word to be able to get a mate or a companion. God has one that you're ordained to be with. This is the way I preach it and look at it. God ordained person A to be married to person D and he ordained person B to be married to person C. But if God can mess up one of those people and person A winds up marrying person C, you've automatically got four people out of the will of God. So you see your choice in life can not only affect you. It can affect your sisters, your brothers, your mama, your daddy, your pastor. It can affect also person B, C, and D. Is that right? So it's so important because we're a body move. Will it change our destiny in life? No, it won't. It won't change your destiny. If you get the wrong one here, you get the right one over there. But boy, it can be a whole lot happier if you get the right one here. You want to know why I know that? Cuz I got the right one. And there's a lot of other people here. I hope. I hope. Well, there's three or four here. They feel like they I feel sorry for all the rest of you that got the wrong one. Glory to God. You're going to be shouting in the millennium ain't you? But whenever you have that and you know how wonderful it can be, then you certainly don't want our children, our grandchildren, or even our church family settling for less than what God has for you. Now listen sis and I will talk when Carol and I will meet with some of our young sisters and they're going through that stage in life and I will tell them by the time they get done listening to me it's a wonder their head will even come outside that door because I want to build them up so high. I want to make them a princess. I want to make them a daughter of God. I want to build them up so much in what God wants them to be because I want them to have that view of themsel as a daughter of God because if they don't view themsel that way, they'll settle for just about anything. But if they can see who they are, they are a part of royalty. You know, it must have took some time for Rebecca to be changed from what she was as it did the Schulamite. And how was that performed? By messengers that was sent from the presence of Solomon. And they had this long journey as Eiza was going to travel between 450 and 500 miles back, traveling only during the day and resting during the night. What do you think they talk about? The Israeli stock exchange, the Moab stock exchange that's talking about Babylonian gold and Babylonian converters and Babylonian whatever more. I imagine she wanted to hear more and more and more about her future husband. Well, praise the Lord. And listen, young sisters, if you go to talking to a boy from Canada or one from Ohio or one from Indiana, don't you be afraid to ask questions. Ask his pastor about him. Ask his mama about him. Ask his daddy about him. Come on, somebody. Why? Because you'd be better off to know them answers now than after you've been married for 6 months and wish you'd have asked them answers a while back. So, it's the same thing with Eleazar. He's asking these questions and he's setting up the scenario and he's not going to give her the answers. She doesn't know exactly what he's doing. So, he's going to present to her the cuba, which is the marriage contract, and he wants to see what kind of woman that he's going to take back. Well, you know, to be honest with you, I want to do the same thing to my Lord Jesus. I want to find out what kind of woman is coming to church here. I want to find out what kind of people are we dealing with. Are we dealing with a bunch of babies, a bunch of babies that if you preach on them, they pout, they won't come back to church? Are we dealing with a bunch of people that, you know, they're they they love the message, but they want to be led a sin, so they still want to smoke and drink and hold on to the things of the world. And then you expect me as a pastor, me laboring for years of my life and decades of my life of preaching the gospel. And you want me to stand there with you that day and present you with the trophies of this age when we align under the prophet who will stand there and represent the leader of this entire age. And you want me to preach a watered down gospel? Well, Lord, word of life. They couldn't take hard preaching because it was just so hard for them. And that they they wanted me to be easy and they wanted me to be gentle. Is that what y'all want me to be? Well, you got the wrong man. I'm telling you that tonight. If I have to burn you every night when we come to church and we have to hand out band-aids and wrap up your old hide in it, so be it. But if I can be able to present somebody out of this church that'll be a part of the bride of Jesus Christ, I will feel like I have not preached in vain. I've not studied in vain. I've not labored in vain. But I've done it with all of my heart. I've give it my best. When I stand before the Lord, I don't want no reward. I don't want no pat on the back, but to see somebody out of our assembly that'll be able to walk up before the Lord Jesus and him be able to take you by the hand and walk down the streets of go through eternity. It'll be worth everything I've gone through. It'll be worth everything the deacon brothers and the ministering brothers, all of us have gone through to try to help you go through the problems of life. Well, I feel like preaching to you tonight. Why? Because we're not laboring for a reward. We're not laboring so the angels can say, "Oh, there's so and so and there's so and so. I labor for one thing, and that is my love for the almighty God, for the purpose that he's called me. Oh, I could have had a much easier life as many of you could have had an easier life living out there in the world. But who in the world wants to do that whenever at any day you could leave this world and be lost without God? Give me the way of the Lord's despised few. Give me the way that is talked about, hated, run down. When people don't love you, that's all right. That comes with it. But oh my, when I stand before him that day and I walk up, I want to turn around and see some of you standing there behind me and say, "Brother Donnie, we're standing with you, brother. Thank you for preaching the truth. Thank you, brother Donnie. You preached us out of the world. You spared us out of the tribulation period." And we turn around to the minister brothers and say, "Thank you, brothers, for dealing with our young people. Thank you, Sunday school teachers. Thank you. You was able to help us along the way. And now here we are going to be presented as the bride of Christ. Hallelujah. So, as I mentioned to you last Wednesday night, the bride doesn't actually give any gifts to the bridegroom. It's one-sided. He gives her the gifts. The father of the bridegroom gives her gifts. And her father gives her gifts. She doesn't give them gifts. To the father of the bridegroom, nor to the bridegroom, nor to her own father. Don't you understand why? Why are they giving her gifts? It's the way they look at her that she was so valuable. Yes, sir. The father and the mother of the bridegroom look at this girl and they look at her as such an asset. Oh, I I I believe this will probably be part of the bride going home when she recognizes who she is. And to know that the moar which is the bride price that within itself speaks of the value that we will bring into the circle of eternity that the Lord God lived by himself but he did not like to be alone. He did not want to stay in the garden of Eden alone. He had come down every day to be with Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. He knew what it was like when he was there by himself and he didn't want to be alone no more. So if Adam and Eve could not stay in the Garden of Eden, God said, "If you cannot stay here, I don't want to be here either." Oh my. So what did he do? He drove them out and he himself left. He has never been back yet, but he's fixing to. Praise be to God. Eden is fixing to be restored again. When will it be? At the dawn of the seventh morning. Whenever the rapture takes place and the hell that'll be spread out on this earth during the tribulation period while we're enjoying the marriage supper of the lamb. But it won't be very long as it were a moment for us. And we will come back down and take this earth over for a thousand years. And we will rule and reign with Christ and the asset that you have got. He looked at the crucifixion. He looked at them spitting in his face. He looked at them taking his clothes off of him and making him an open shame. But he kept you before every bit of that. He kept you. If you look at living for Jesus and you say, "Well, the world could do this and the world could do that. Oh, I've got to give up smoking. I got to give up this." A person that looks at it that way ain't never fell in love with God. If you ever fall in love with him, there is not one thing out here or an accumulation of three trillion things that could ever outweigh the love of God, which is crying Christ Jesus our Lord. Oh, hallelujah. But part of the bride's part of the cuba as I closed out with us last Wednesday night was an undistracted devotion that is given to her Lord which is unlike anything else. Now we know that we are a multiaceted being whenever we become born again. So a part of us is heavenly and yet there's two parts of us that is still very very earthly and can be very carnal sometimes and that is our flesh and our spirit. Our subconscious of course our conscience and then the mind also can be able to pull in negative things and things that'll get us down and all that. But on the inside once we receive the Holy Ghost that is God's part of eternal life given to you which is your eternal possession never be taken from you. And yet whenever we receive that we want to turn around and say okay Lord now what do you want me to do? What do you want me to be for you? You know myself the way I look at it I don't want to be if God wants me to be that big. And when I say that big, I mean my ministry, my life, what I'm supposed to do, who I'm supposed to affect. If God wants me to be that big, then I don't want to be that big. My problem has never wanting to be bigger than what God wants me to be, I want to be less, which is just as wrong as the man who wants to be bigger than what God allocated for him to be. Either way we go, when our mind sets toward the wrong size, it displeases God. So the thing you and I should want to be is exactly what God thought of us before the world began. If God wants you to be say the size of a period in a sentence or a comma or a semicolon or a question mark or a parenthesis or whatever, but say God thinks of somebody else, he wants them to be the size of this pulpit. He thinks of somebody else. He wants their outreach and their ministry, their walk with God to be the size of this building. somebody else the size of Johnson City. Somebody else the size of Tennessee, somebody else the size of the United States. Somebody else the size of Russia say. And God thinks that way. Well, we should not be jealous of the man. That is a whole sentence and we're just a period. For after all, if you ain't got a period at the end of the sentence, you don't know when to stop. And if you don't have a comma, then you pause. Oh, all of those fill their spot. And you may think, "I'm so insignificant." A period is not insignificant. A question mark is not insignificant. A comma is Oh, I wish somebody would preach with me tonight. A comma is not insignificant. It has great significance. Is that right? Oh my. So, the bride must not be distracted. distracted with who we are, what we are, what we're supposed to be, and false doctrine around us, and all kinds of things that Satan will put up before us, and the troubles of the world. Can we not see what's going on in the world? Can we not see? Even look at our nation and realize that we're teetering right now on the verge of possibly attacking Iran with a B2 stealth bomber with a bunker buster weighing 30,000 lbs a piece. and annihilate him with the ability to go down into the earth 250 to 300 ft and explode and be able to go through hundreds of feet of solid reinforced concrete. Friends, it is scary when you look and see what man has broke into. I'm so glad my hope is not in that. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. And yet we realize that one day I told Carol I said, "You know, we was looking at some of the news and and the things you get on your phone every day. It can be pretty pretty sad and depressing sometimes, can't it?" But yet you realize I told her the other night, I said, "It's no wonder that America, that beast of Revelation 13 will have to be destroyed because if America would not be destroyed, Israel would never be able to be, you know, come against with all the nations of the world." Who can make war with thee beast? Who can make war with them? So America speaks. Israel does what they tell them to do. America speaks. Other nations of the world does that. What is it? It's that image that John saw on the aisle of Patmas. But remember the last thing the prophet of God saw in that vision was America. Nothing but just ashes and heaps of burning smolders. How could any nation of the earth ever come against Israel as long as America is standing here for her? God bless her for standing with her, but her days are numbered. That's right. And we know how it is that the nations of the world hate them. More resolutions been brought by the UN against Israel than all the rest of the nations put together. Put together. Why? What is it? It's a pre-tribulation anointing. And we've got people in our own nation carrying around Mexican flags and Palestinian flags, all kinds of other flags and claim to be America. I say if they love Mexico that well, send them back where they come from. If they love if they love the PLO and all the rest of them, let them go back over to Hamas. But I'll tell you what they'll do to some of these bobbed painted fair shortwearing women. They'll skin them alive. I'll tell you what they'll do to the LGBTQ Y330405. They'll put them up on the top of some of them buildings and push them off. Well, come on, somebody. Let's have church tonight. [Applause] Hallelujah. But what is it? It's in our nation. Our nation, the prophet told us in the 60s it was eat up with communism. It didn't look like it then, but it's coming out now. Yeah, mama. Can we keep from hearing these things? Of course not. But that's not what determines our joy. It's a shame that us Christians are so affected by things that are around us everywhere. as if the power of the cross no longer has effect to find children of God that can still have joy in the Lord and peace in the time of trouble and stability instead of being as shaky as a leaf on a tree and up and down. I say it's a crying shame. We ought to be witnesses that Jesus Christ can comfort a heart right in the middle of trouble. Right in the middle of Leadyia, we can have peace that passes understanding. We can have joy. We can still have a praise in our heart. We can still have a praise in our soul that makes us raise our hands instead of crossing arms. [Applause] So God don't want us to be distracted. We're in a relationship. So you brothers that are married, tell me how it would be in your home if you get so distracted with work. So before your wife gets up in the morning, you're gone. You're gone all day. Your kids come in from school, if you got kids, you don't ever see them. You don't ever speak to them because God's blessing you so much. You've got so much business and the blessing of God. I wonder. Come on. I said I wonder. I wonder what's going to happen to your relationship, much less your walk with God. You think your wife is honestly going to be able to say, "Well, we're closer than we've ever been." Well, if you had that kind of husband, I say shame on you that you're closer when he's gone away from you. Oh my. What ought it to be then with the Lord Jesus. It ought to be as we are nearing his coming that the influence of his own spirit ought not just to be here in church but it ought to be every day of our life that we are so affected by him that sure the world is around us and sure it's bad but I'm talking about some really good news tonight remember the meaning of the word gospel is good news and let me tell you in leisia it's Still good news. Jesus is coming again. In the middle of a perspective war going to fixing to happen, there's still good news. This might be the last one before the bride goes home. Hallelujah. This might be the last trial that you go through. Brother Donnie, I'm in the middle of a terrible time. But look at it this way. This might be the last trial you'll ever face in your life. It could be that you're fixing to come out of there with the greatest victory you've ever known before. Hallelujah. [Applause] Or of course you can sit around like brother J used to say, "Wowly wowy woo." I can't say it like he could. I mean, nobody had it down like him. Right now, I wonder how that makes her husband feel. Cuz you see his matan matan, a matan was a gift or gifts that the bridegroom would give the bride. And you know what? I ain't found nowhere where our bridegroom gave us a frown. I'm I'm open for correction, of course. I've not found anywhere where our bridegroom said that you'll never have no peace. You'll never have no joy. If you come to me, you'll be sad every day of your life and you're going to hate me and hate people and hate church and especially hate preachers. Oh my brother. No, sir. Now, as I said, I'm open to correction, of course, but I do find our matan contains life, joy, peace, stress relief, pressure relief, healing when we're sick, and if it's our time to go home, a real divine healing. Amen. Now, you see, one of the things that the bride will prove to her husband is the anticipation and waiting for his return. Listen to the way Paul addresses it in 2 Timothy 4:8. Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day, and not to me only, but unto all them also that love. So they're not wanting Jesus to come just to end their problems. They're not just want Jesus to come to issue their debts and you know that that they they love his appearing fenero his manifestation his appearing coming into a tangible form because the only way they've known him has been by spirit but they long for the day and wait for the day when they will be able to see their lord in a physical corporal body. Oh, I don't know about you. I long for that. Our friends, notice it. Unto all them also that love his appearing. How many loves the appearing of the Lord? Well, I don't mind telling you, I love it even in church, too, because this word right here can not only mean the physical corporal body, but it can mean the manifestation. He's right here tonight. I I love it. That's one reason I love to come to church. It's not that I don't love being around you and love seeing you and and we do do that. We enjoy that. But what I love even greater than that is the anticipation to see what's he going to do tonight. I wonder how he's going to move in the service and what's he going to do. I love his appearing even if he appears with a paddle in his hand and he's heading straight for me. And I'm thinking, "Oh boy, I'm in for it tonight." Oh boy. But I say, "Glory to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus." It means I'm a son cuz he don't correct serpent seed that way. He's dealing with me as a child of God. Those whom he loved. He chasenneth as a father loves his son. Aren't you glad you get whipped? Aren't you glad you get corrected? Don't you notice that? If you was serpent seed, he would never correct you. And it shows you're a son or daughter of God because you can take correction. Oh God, help me to always be able to do that. Now what? So the bride, no gifts now, no gifts, but obedience, loyalty, and she's set apart from the time that she accepts the cuba, the marriage contract. She's set aside. She's the same as being married. And actually, she is in an invisible union. Now you see this is what Rebecca each one of these steps that's what Rebecca is doing. She is uniting to her bridegroom that she's never physically seen yet. Amen. Now you see part of that would be Amen. our washing of the mikvah. The mikvah. Look here in 1 Corinthians chapter 6 verse 10. nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners shall inherit the kingdom of God. And such were some of you. Now, friends, we know God, some of God's people had a very, very bad past. But that's exactly what it is in the past. And if you've come through that blood and the Lord God has accepted you and gave you back his token life, there is not one thing against you. Amen. I wish somebody would say amen to that. Now, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners shall inherit the kingdom of God. And such were some of you, but ye are washed. Ye are sanctified. He gazeo hallow be holy to separate from profane things and dedicate to God to consecrate to pure to purify but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus and by the spirit of our God. So whenever they felt let me read you just a little bit about history here about the wedding part. When they felt they were getting close, the bride would go through the ritual of immersion which is called mikvah. It signified listen the passing of the old and the coming force of the new. So she would go down in the water and it was signifying the death to that stage of her life. She's no longer a single woman. Now listen, he don't know her yet. He's not even seen her yet in this instance. But yet, whenever she accepts the cuba, the marriage contract, then she will go into the mikvah and she will be immersed in water in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Of course. Amen. That's why every person that's baptized in the titles of father, son, holy ghost had not yet entered into the cuba contract with God. That's why many of us that were baptized in them titles had to be rebaptized again. Is that right? So the name is what remits that to the power of the name. So what it would be then the person had to be strictly clean and completely immersed and mitvah is the same word as baptism. So notice then when we come to the Lord Jesus and he deals with our heart and we accept the atonement and we repent and make things right then what do we do? We take them up here and we baptize them. But remember it's also like the priests in the Old Testament. And whenever Moses told them to build a labor, and the labor was not in the Holy of Holies, but the labor was in the outer court. Anybody remember what the labor was made out of? It was made out of the women's mirrors. So, the women donated their mirrors that they would comb their hair and brush their teeth and whatever more. the women donated their metal mirrors and they melted them down and then they made this great big labor and it had a spot as we would say on the bottom of it. So when the priest was out there he when he come into his office of priesthood and Moses was alive Moses washed each priest sir. Well why in the world would he have to do that? You how many baths you reckon they took? They know how to take a bath, but they could not have a prophetic bath by themsel. What is it? They are submitting. They're humbling themselves to an authority that is greater than them. Now, the prophet would take and wash them down. Amen. They never had to have that done again. One time done it. Well, glory. But remember then whenever they walked out here in the world and they'd have to walk from their tents over to the tabernacle going here and there and there and they would get dust all over their feet and all over their limbs. So this labor was on the outside. God did not want them coming into his presence dusty and dirty and filthy. Oh, I wish every preacher around this message could understand God wants us as ministers to be clean from arrogance, clean from pride, clean from stubbornness. Come on, somebody. Any preachers here? Say amen to that. Oh my. So what did they do? They would come in and take their foot. They could not touch it with their hand. Take their foot and kick it. And then they would start washing washing. Then once the water started flowing, couldn't be a sister. Now the water had to flow. Once the water started flowing, then they could take their hands and start washing their limbs and washing their feet and washing their hands. And what are they doing the whole time while that's going on? Oh, I don't know him. So they're praising. They're worshiping. Why? Their lives is fixing to be spared. Cuz if they walk in behind that veil right there dirty, God's going to kill them dead on a hammer. Remember, they'd tie a rope around their waist and they'd have a pomegranate and a bail, a pomegranate and a bell on the bottom of their garments. One way they knew they was alive because there's a noise going on back there. Yeah. And when you and I lose our noise, somebody stole our victory. Praise the Lord. That's one way they knew that they were alive. Now, if God accepted the high priest, God accepted them. So, the individuals are depending on the behavior of this man. They're depending upon his sanctity before God. And you remember there was some sons that offered a strange fire one time and God killed them at the altar. Is that right? So here they were. Now they must be immersed every time that they come in there to offer a sacrifice or even to change out the loaves, which they had 12 loaves, which is called the the sheer bread or the bread of his face, the bread of his presence. Each one of them represented a tribe. Everything they would do, they had to be washed. They had to be washed. Can you imagine friends where we'd be today if it was not for the washing of the water by the word and we got washed when we got saved and God never give us any more sanctifying process. No more mitvah when we come to church. Oh my. Aren't you glad we can come to the house of God? Most of you don't drink and curse. At least I hope you don't. You don't smoke. You don't run around with somebody else's wife and you don't do a lot of these things out here that the people of the world do but you're around them and you have to deal with them as business people. You ever feel contaminated by them? You ever feel brother Fred just been out there amongst them and things they say and what they do and you know all that sort of saying oh but you've got a place where you can be able to come into the presence of God and be washed by the water of the word. You don't need to get received. You don't need to get the Holy Ghost again. You just need another immersion. [Music] Praise God. Praise God. Then we have the legal rights to be betrothed. What's this in painted face Jezebel? This is one thing I love about Brother Brandon being a graduate of Harvard and a graduate of Bob Jones University. and all these great schools where he got his degrees. I love some of these titles. Painted face Jezebel. You can imagine the smiley preacher from Texas title one of his sermons that he'd call her the lovely woman Jezebel. Cuz we're not here to to condemn anybody. We're here to just say God loves everybody. And God wants you as you are. And God Yeah. He wants you as you are so he can cleanse you and make you like he wants you to be. God won't leave you the way he found you as long as you don't want him to. But if you want him to, he'll leave you just like you are. Oh my. Watch this. He said, "Does the word make you feel like you're scoured out?" It does me. Hearing the word just cleanses me out. It just makes me a new person. Does it you that way? Now look at the word that he uses scour which is they used to have scouring pads. They call them things different now. Y'all remember the SO E SSO and you know the scratch ones and but they're they're not lamb's wool and they're not this same type of stuff you would I definitely wouldn't want to use a scratch pad to wipe the sweat from my face less my sweat become as great drops of blood but sometimes I need to be scrubbed sir and I'm gonna go ahead and say for the rest of you all do Amen. Yes, sir. Yes, we do. And the word will scour you. Not sour you, but scour you. So, you fix something, sisters, and you know, maybe it's apples. Carol does a tremendous job in fixing fried apples. And but sometimes the sugars inside of those apples and she will mix them. She'll mix some sweet with some sour just to get the right combination. But sometimes the sugars on there will harden on that skillet and I'll help her wash dishes and we will have to let it set sometimes and then sometimes I'll have to scrape it a little bit and sometimes I'll have to rub it a little bit. Yeah. Except that skillet ain't like some of you that don't have hands and eyes and feet and all that sort of thing, you know, and frowns and stuff. That skillet can't frown at you. It can't do anything. could just lay there and let you just scrub your rub a duba dub and think you're the one that did this to me and now you're taking the hide off of me cuz you wanted them apples. This ain't fair none. I mean, I didn't be I wasn't made in China to be a skillet so you could rub the time out of me. Come on. But sometimes we walk in them doors back there and we got attitudes and we got this and that and the other and God's been dealing with your pastor and one of these other ministers that comes in to preach to us and boy, they got a scouring pad in this pocket and they got a little bit of this and that and the other and that pocket here and there and there and boy, they come out and they're just as nice and pleasant as they can be from the get-go and because they know if they tell you what they're going to preach, you're going to run off. You, oh, I got a cold. I got a bad headache. I'll be back tomorrow. So they start out real nice and you know just real gentle and they reach in the front pocket and get the first scar. But I'll tell you one thing, we need to do this and they say, "Woo! Oh Lord have mercy." That was kind of rough, but maybe that's the only thing he's going to do. He was just getting started. Then he's got to scour a little more and scour a little more. You say, "Lord have mercy." I don't know about you. I've sat in services before. I've actually crumpled up my toes in my shoes. I don't know why I've done that, but I have. I've sat there and I've just kind of pulled him up like that, you know, because you say the preacher's walking on your toe. But you know what? I've never done that one time that if that man was really sent by the spirit of God to bring me correction that I wasn't so benefited and so blessed by that. Why? Because there was something about me that needed to be adjusted. Oh, hallelujah. Maybe it's a little bit of this or a little bit of that. And I didn't yield to that real gentle teaching and that real soft worded guy. So God would send a John the Baptist. And John the Baptist don't know anything about Greek or Aramaic or fine fancy words. I mean, he don't have a scrub pad. He puts in his pocket. He wears it out on his back. I mean, it's about a 4x4, not 4 in by 4 in, but 4 foot by 4 foot. He scrubs you on the head. He scrubs you behind the ear. He scrubs you between the fingers and you saying, "Lord God, somebody call 911. I ain't going to be able to make it out of here." And you endure the whole service and then you find yourself feeling a little bit better. And you say, "Well, actually, I I feel pretty good. Praise the Lord. I" And then the singing to worship end the service, you say, "Well, glory to God. I do feel better." Well, it ain't no wonder. Look at all that gum laying at your feet. Look at all that filth that that scouring pad washed off of you. Don't you understand what happened? Your Lord Jesus wanted to come down and make love to you, but he had to have the word of God to scour you a little, clean you up. Oh, notice this. And here you How many feels real scoured out after the word get a hold of you? You feel real good. That's peculiar, ain't it? So you get really scoured out and you feel real good. That's one thing about us message folks that the world just don't understand because we've had visitors of course come and I've heard things that they said back. How in the world do you all endure that? How do you all take how do you put up with that kind of hard preaching? I've never heard men preach that hard in my life. Do you think that's ever service? What are you talking about? I mean and I've told you before, you want me to preach higher, live higher. Y'all don't want me to use the scouring pack. Live scour free. I didn't say shower free. Scour free. The cleaner you keep yourself when you walk in them doors, the cleaner the preachers can preach. Come on, brother Donnie. But if you got apples all over you and you got pmons all over you and whatever more and the sugars is all glued together and this and that and the Lord said, "No, honey, I don't want nothing like that. I want you polished like stainless steel." But you say, "Lord, I don't like stainless steel, but I do. And I'm your husband and this is the way I want you to look. I don't want you to be honey sweet and molasses and sugar pie and moon pies and RC that makes you fat and blubbery. I want you to be scrubbed down little bride. I want you to be able to stand before me without a spot, without a wrinkle, without any such thing. And I've got the way to do it. I'll send my man with scouring pads. Call my word. Now people think that brother Bram didn't believe in feeling but he did but I found it amazing brother Daryl whenever I went to studying on this about scouring and scouring you know things like that how many times he would use the words feel good associated with scouring because you understand once you've had it done there's a feeling about that that it's hard to explain to somebody else. Can you imagine people going to church for years and the preacher has never preached on them and you say, "Glory to God, where's that church at? It's built right outside the gates of hell." Cuz that's exactly where it'll take you. myself. I can't imagine going to a church that I wouldn't be plastered all over the wall, God speaking to me directly. Would you really want to go to a church and attend a church to where your faults were never mentioned? Your shortcomings are never mentioned. You were never corrected. Would you really want that kind of church? I'm greatly disappointed in you if any of you would say that. It should be that we say, "God, don't make this a scourfree church." Amen. But a scruba dubdub church. I'm scrubbing. These other guys are dubdubdub. Praise the Lord. If we can get you clean, all we'll do shout, shout, shout after a while. Jump, jump, jump. And what we're trying to get you to is fly, fly, fly. will become able to leave this world. Oh my. How many feels real scoured out after the word get a hold of you? You feel real good? Oh my, I feel religious tonight somehow. I really do. So after brother Brandham got scoured, it made him feel good. It's something like God gets in there with a It sounds rough. Now, to save time, I didn't get all these quotes in in this particular setting here because there's several of them. And it's talking about when he and his brothers was was boys and how nasty and filthy their shirts would become and around the collar where they would sweat so bad and be out and be dirty. And you imagine a little Kentucky boy, Harry, we can imagine it cuz that's the way we was. And brother Ram said that his mother would have to take them collars and get some soap and a scrub brush and start scrubbing. Now he likens his mama scrubbing the collar to God scrubbing us. You imagine his mama said, "I hate William Brown. I hate Stumpy. I hate Donald. I hate I hate him. I hate him. I hate him. Huh? No, sir. Was she doing that? Cuz she hated the boys. They didn't have much, but she wanted them boys to look as good as they could look. Oh my. It's something like God gets in there with a scrub brush. I want you to listen what he'll scrub out sometimes and just scrubs out all my disappointments. And so here we're not dealing with sins and temper and some of that stuff but disappointments and cares. Anybody ever get really disappointed in life and with people of life? Who disappoints you the most? The Ayatollah Kani or people you go to church with? Come on or people in your family? people in the message. And when we get so disappointed after so many times in people, you know what it makes us want to do? Pull oursel off and away from people and think, you know what? It ain't worth dealing with them. It ain't worth it. I'll never have another friend. And you know who's being robbed the most out of those words? You are. That's right. The easy way is not always God's way. Amen. But what you need is a scrub brush where God will take that scrub brush and scrub your disappointments. Aren't you saying, "Well, well, Lord, they're just they're just humans and they're just like me and they they make mistakes." Oh, I so disappointed, Brother Don. He he boy, he let me out. I'm so disappointed. I just Well, maybe you need a good scrubbing. But most of us when we get through disappointments, we don't want the Lord to give us a scrub brush, but a handkerchief to cry on and then poor little thing. Go ahead, darling. That's it, honey. Have you a tantrum? Come on. And what's he do? He drags out a big old long scrub brush. And I don't mind telling you sometimes the ones he's used on me is look like them steel wire ones. All I see is some of you've had that same thing used on you. Some of the rest of you still powderpuff Christians. You want Jesus to clean your ring around the collar with a little soft pad. like you use for makeup. Well, I'm afraid I'm more hard-headed than that sometimes. Me, too. I don't have a ring around the collar, the whole band around my collar that way sometimes cuz I get so disappointed in people. I get so disappointed in message preachers, big name, great preachers, and they like this and like that and like that and like that. And you think really, really? So, you know what I need? I don't need to get down. God, I pray may the angels of God come down out of heaven and bring I'll tell you one thing. Bust their hide, Lord. And the Lord said, I'm here, Donnie, but I'm here to bust yours and not theirs. You let me take care of them, and I'm going to take care of you, and you need to adjust your attitude, boy. Amen. Help me, Lord. That's right. here Jesus. Anybody hiring in your your place of employment, I may be out of a job after after this. Oh my. He scrubs out all my disappointments and be cares and just makes me feel so clean. Doesn't it do that to you? Just cleans us out. his Holy Spirit comes down and sanctifies us and takes all the unbelief away from us. I love the way that brother Brandham taught us how to worship. Now, even though I was in Pentecost for many years of my life, I thought I knew how to worship, but I honestly didn't. And when a preacher would preach hard, it didn't really make you want to stick around and worship too much. But I had to be reinstructed on how to worship. Now to me, the louder I was and the more borous I was, that's, you know, that's that's that was what it was all about. So I'd run, scream, and holler and shout and the louder I could shout, the greater it was. So I was preaching down in Plaum in Louisiana one time. And that little church was set right down in the places that they built up sort of like dikes. You know what that is? So they take the land and build it up high. um to keep the the flooding from coming through there cuz it's low country. And I was preaching 90 miles an hour and some of them guys sitting up on the front, they took off wilder than Indians. They run out the door screaming and hollering. You know what I done? Took off right after them. screaming, hollering, run out the door, run up on top of that dyke, that levey thing. Four or five of us just running around, screaming, hollering, shouting. Everybody else was sitting in church waiting on me to come back. Now, who got the main blessing out of that? I did. You know what? I was being selfish. That's right. Yes, sir. So, I channeled my anointing. I believe it was the anointing, but I channeled it toward me. That's why I used to do in preaching and speaking in tonesues. So, I'd speak in tonesues and speak in tonesues and speak in tonesues. You know what I was doing? Blessing myself. That's right. That is what the Bible says. Was I wrong? Absolutely wrong. Yes, he was. Amen. Oh, dear God, a miracle has happened. A preacher said he was wrong. Lord have mercy. The coming of the Lord is at hand tonight. Repent. Everybody repent. But I had to be taught how to worship. Yeah. So instead of getting mad and angry at the preacher after he got done, the prophet taught us, "Oh, after a message, just don't you feel all scoured out? Just the Holy Spirit cleaning your heart from all unbelief." Now remember, we're talking about a man saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost, and yet he's still getting washed. You understand what it is? Each one of these is a mikvah. A mikvah. He's fixing to come into the presence of the bridegroom and he's got an attitude. He's got some, you know, some uh some sweet something another there stuck and it's it's made a mess in the skillet and he's got this that and another. And Jesus is wanting to make love to him through what avenue through worship. I don't understand people that whenever the word is over, they get up and leave. I don't understand that. You know, when the word is over, that's the time we want to worship the Lord and make love to him. You just got clean enough where he can stand to be around you. You're stinking. You come to church with a stinking attitude. You come to church, you hadn't prayed, hadn't read your Bible since Sunday. You didn't have a whole lot of fellowship. Now the word brings you up and you're immersed and you come up out. Glory to God. I feel so much better, Lord Jesus. I I'll see you Sunday, Lord. God bless you. No, we're washed. Now it's time for us to reach over and pull him over on our lap. I preached about him that way down in Louisiana several years ago. I don't know that I've ever stood under such an anointing of his person to make him so real. And I got a chair up on the platform and I sat down on the chair and then I like I reached out and grabbed a hold of Jesus. There's people there from Germany, people from different parts of the world, people's lives. It wasn't one of them running, screaming, hollering types of services now, but people were just weeping and people saying, "I felt I could I could reach out and touch it. I I I never knew that you could feel that way before this." Well, to me, what a great thing that Jesus can be so real to us. And then it don't just happen in church, but we take that same thing with us when we go out and get in our car and start our car and go at the house. So, the mikvah, the mikvah washes us and he says, "Putting you right back in track with God again." Oh now, now now is the time to worship him. The message is over. Not church is over on the preacher quits preaching. But now it's time. It's amazing to me how many message people still don't understand this. As soon as a preacher says, "Let's stand." They thought he said something else, I reckon. Let's go. Oh, I'm out of here. I'm out of here. What you mean? You've got bathed. You've got washed. You're clean. You're not sweaty. You're not stinking. And Jesus can come closer to you then than he could in the preliminary part of the service. And the very time that he wants to come near us. and we get in a big fizz and want to go, "Oh my, I I'd rather spend 30 minutes longer in here worshiping him and talking to him. I love you all, but I'd rather spend that time with him than I would with you standing out there talking or back there in my office talking to somebody." Being in his presence can change our lives. Let me close with this. Oh, after a message, just don't you feel all scoured out? Just the Holy Spirit cleaning your heart from all unbelief, putting you right back in track with God again. Now is the time to worship him. The message is over. So let's just worship. part of the marriage vow that was said for hundreds of years, still said by some. I've used it a few times myself upon request. But it is that the bride and the groom would say this to each other and incorporate this in their vows. with my body I the worship. You see why that stumbles people? Because they don't understand what worship is. Worshiping the Lord, Brother Brandham said, is you witnessing to your neighbor. Worshiping the Lord is reaching out to somebody. And we think we've got to be down on our knees. We've got to be in a certain place. Our hands have got to be in a certain place. And Satan has done that to us to rob our father from worship every day of our life. I worship way more out of church than I do in church. Some people think worship only belongs in the house of God. That is so wrong. It ought to be an every day of your life. You worship Jesus when you say a kind word. You worship Jesus when you reach out to somebody that needs a helping hand. So will you incorporate this into your marriage ceremony? With my body I the worship. It stumbles message people even when you quote it and I've used it in several church dedications may use it again this weekend brother Daryl that the prophet said in God's provided place there's where God meets with his people and they are worshiped together so you see most of us understand half of that. You understand you worshiping him. So who is in turn? Well, who do you figure with his body, with his spirit, with his nature? What does worship mean? Your adoration, your utmost which you give to no one else. with my body I'll be worshiped which includes my hands which includes my feet. If he wants me to dance all he's got to do is put that dance in my feet tonight and I'll dance before him with my body. I worship him. I don't just worship him with my soul. I want to worship him. And you know what he done? He wants to share his body with me. and he did on the cross and he's still sharing it tonight because I'm here ministering to it cuz anyone knows he says in 1965 the body of Christ is not yet finished because it's the bride but she's being finished I'm ministering to the body and what does he want to do come near us and we worship and praise and adore. And what does he do, brother Jim? He adores and loves. This is why he wants to move on our emotions. He wants to move on our feelings. My goodness, if we'd go to a ball game and get all hyped up about some stupid ball, whether it's football, baseball, soccer, whatever it is, and we'd get so emotional and scream and holler and carry on about that, what about the living God that would pull us in his presence? Shouldn't that make us emotional? I want him to have my emotions. Can we stand together? Praise God. Oh, let me read this to you again. Oh, after a message, just don't you feel all scoured out? Just the Holy Spirit cleaning your heart from all unbelief, putting you right back in track with God again. Oh, now is the time to worship him. The message is over, so let's just worship. If you happen to run into me sometime at Home Depot or Lowe's or out somewhere and you speak to me and I don't speak back to you, it could be that I'm so involved with my Lord at the time that I never even noticed you. I know you think I'm crazy. I know you think I'm a fanatic. I am. I admit to that tonight. I am an addict. Y'all need to y'all need to know it. Your pastor is an addict. And I have been for decades. I am addicted to my Lord Jesus. Amen. Well, some of y'all are addicted to TV. You're addicted to YouTube. You're addicted to Instagram. You're addicted to your phone. Your phone can't ding or swoosh or whatever it is all the time without it dragging your attention. It just about kills you if you get a new message somewhere without you picking it up. I wonder how Jesus feels compared to our phone sometimes. Wouldn't it be awful to make the Lord Jesus feel jealous because of a stupid cell phone? That we'd pay more attention to our phone dinging or ringing or swooshing or whooshing or whatever it does. And you know every one of them sounds what they're for. This is YouTube. This is Instagram. This is this. This is this. Do you recognize his swooshes? Do you recognize his dings on your heart? Oh, hallelujah. You love him tonight, children. Amen. Let's bow our heads together. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Anyone here tonight just be honest before the Lord and say, "Lord, I really needed that tonight. I needed to be scoured. Thank you, Lord, for loving me. Lord Jesus, I raise my hands." That ain't nothing new for me. Of course, I get scoured every day of my life. I study the message and read the Bible and listen to tapes and I get scoured all the time. And I'm grateful for it. I'm so thankful, Lord God. You saw the hands of your children that were uplifted many more, Lord, as they listen to it, wherever they are. I pray in the name of Jesus. May you deal with each heart tonight. Father, forgive us for giving our emotions to sports and then when we come to church, we sit there as dead as a doornail. We give our emotions to our IRA and we found out the stock markets went up and we've increased our worth by $10,000 in the last six months and puts a big smile on our face. Of course, the stock market goes down and then we lose 20. Puts a frown on our face. You give us eternal life and we just sit there and look at the preacher when he tells us we've got it. Forgive us, Lord. Forgive us. You understand what it's like to be immortal. I don't know what you dealt with exactly, every knew of your humanity. But I imagine you must have been so brokenhearted when James and John come to you and wanted to sit on your left and on your right hand. Imagine you must have been so disappointed when the disciples was arguing along the way of who would be the greatest among them and you come up and said, "What were y'all discussing? What were you talking about?" No one wanted to answer you. And then finally someone spoke up. Well, you know who was the biggest? And you called a little child. And except you become as humble and converted as this little child. How disappointing those apostles m must have been to you. Oh Jesus, I pray that you'd help each of us tonight. It's not no miracle that I could love you and that I could need you and I could give my life for you. But how in the world could you still love me after all these years of my humanity and my failures? Scouring pad after scouring pad. Oh God, but I thank you for every one of them. I thank you that you will not let me get by. Was holding an attitude. Lord God, if I know my heart tonight, there is not a person in this world that I have anything against. There's not a person in this world that I wish evil to or upon. And if I'm ignorant of anyone, show me tonight and I'll make it right before the dawn of another day. Oh Jesus, I pray you would help each of us tonight. Father, cleanse us, Lord. We feel like we've been not only to the mikvah, but few scouring pads used on us while we were there, but now maybe we've been washed. Our attitudes been adjusted. And now we feel like Lord, we we could come in your presence. We know how you were treated whenever you were invited to the great feast that day. The man who gave the peace, Simon, had told the footwash flunky, "When Jesus comes in, don't wash his feet." He told the perfumer, "Don't put any perfume on him." He told all the people that had served the others, "When Jesus comes in, ignore him." So they did as they were told. You went over and sat down in the corner. It was hot, dry, dusty. You had persspired and sweat had run down your face and down your body. Maybe hard for us to believe, but your body would produce human odor just like ours. You didn't smell good. And the host did not come and give you a welcome kiss. So everybody else there smelt fragrant. And they were refreshed. They were given house shoes. Their dirty sandals were kept by the door and they were given nice comfortable house shoes and given a robe and there you sat in the only garment that you had tattered worn sweat. You had wiped it from your face as you come in and you might have reached down and grabbed a hold of your sleeve and wiped the sweat off your neck and off your brow. and they escorted you over into the corner by yourself. No one smiled at you. No one spoke to you. I'm so sorry. I'm sure I've done you that way. Please forgive me. I wonder how many of our message church services have been that way. We wanted you to move in this certain certain pattern and you didn't want to. So we put you over in a corner. Forgive us, God. But Lord, you had a heart. Oh, it wasn't the choicest heart in all the city. She had a very bad reputation. But you started dealing with her. Your presence started permeating beyond that building. cuz you couldn't touch nobody there. And you started dealing with a woman. I can see her. She comes down those creaky steps that day and she went up and purchased the very best she could find and starts to minister to you. No doubt she had all kinds of thoughts. What am I doing? They'll never let me in there. I'll never get even close. But there was something drawing her. You had a need. Oh, Almighty God, I believe you have a need tonight. This Wednesday night, Word of Life Church, Johnson City, Tennessee, you have a need to be adored, a need to be worshiped, a need for fellowship. We know the story well, but Lord, I want to change the scene tonight. Let me be that person. Let these young people, let these older people, some that couldn't make the service sitting at home, may they be that person in their home. Lord, may each one of us realize that we have been called to render a service. Lord Jesus, I am willing to take your stink of your name and of your message upon me. Yes. Let me bow down to your feet, precious Lord. Hallelujah. Let me be called whatever. Father, let me be ridiculed, made fun of, laughed at. Oh Jesus, let me take your feet into my hands. Let me kiss them, Lord. Let me humbly adore and worship. A king wouldn't want me near him. The president of our nation would never invite me, but I'm invited by almighty God. Oh Jesus, let me kiss away part of your reproach. Lord, let me take the kisses of my mouth. Oh my father, may I rise when the worship is done with the ointment on my face, the ointment on my lips, and the ointment on my soul that my being has so emerged into divine worship. Hallelujah. Because I've been ministering to Almighty God. I worship you tonight, Jesus. I bless your name, Father. I want every person here to worship you and praise you. But in reality, if nobody else here does, I'm going to. And I ain't just going to do it tonight. I'm going to do it every time I go to church. I'm going to do it every day of my life. Oh Jesus, we worship, we praise, we bless your name. As your prophet said, the message is over now. Now it's time to worship. We bless you, Lord Jesus. We want you to know you are the king of our life. We love you more than anyone else. More than anything else. We have many things that affect us for sure. Many things are in order in our affections of our lives, but we want you to be number one. Oh Jesus, we love you. We praise you. Hallelujah. Can we take just a few minutes before we go? If you feel scoured and you feel that you've had another mikvah tonight and now before we go could be from our hearts and our lips and with our body we will worship our hands, our eyes, our minds. We will lift our eyes with our ears. We're open to his word, to his telling us and whispering, "Love me, my bride. Love me." I wonder how many times his name has been blasted today. How many people has taken his name in vain? Is there anybody in this building tonight that wants to lift up his name? Anybody in this building that wants to bless his name? How many times in the Tri Cities area has he been cussed today? That's all his name has been as just a by word. Oh, surely there's somebody here tonight that wants to say, "Lord Jesus, we worship you. We lift you. We adore you." I don't care if there's been 50,000 people in this state today that has called him evil. Say there is no God. If we can get just a couple of people together right here tonight, we can lift him higher than they ever tried to bring him lower. Cuz whe there's two or three gathered together in my name, there am I in their midst. It don't take that many really. Oh, hallelujah. Why don't you just close your eyes now? Maybe some of you, it's been a while since you've been able to enter into that that place of worship. If if you know, just listen to me. You know, in prayer that there's there's initial stage in the outer courts and you go to praying and you're, you know, you're battling and you're you're pressing through. You got to do this, you got to go there, you got this, that, and the other. And many of many of us never get beyond that that initial stage of the outer court. But if we can keep pressing and go into where the lights are, the monora and go into the bread of his face and keep pressing and going behind the veil. For those of you who have ever entered there, you know that there's a place in prayer that's so far beyond the outer cage. It's the same with worship. As I told you about some of my worship in Pentecost and I used to think the louder I got and the more I run and the louder I screamed and hollered. But I exper I have experienced phases of worship since I come to this word because I didn't know how to really worship him then. I was giving him everything that I had that I knew about. But it was so selfish. It was about me. It was what I could get out of it. It's what I could get. But we're married. This is a marriage relationship. It isn't just about what he can do for you. It's what can I do for him? What can I say that would bless his heart tonight? Praise God. Oh Jesus, we worship you, Lord. I want you to know you are loved. You are adored. You are praised. There's people in this building tonight. You are not their spare tire. You are their everything. They not only live for you, they would die for you. They've been laughed at because of you. ridiculed because of you. And they bear it not out of grief and sadness and sorrow, but with great joy. Oh Jesus, we worship you with all of our souls tonight. Living God, Harry, sing something. Lead us. Can we take just a few minutes before we go? Oh, I know it's the middle of the week and he out of work and all that sort of thing, but this might be our last time to ever praise him this way. I would sure want it to be good for us, wouldn't you? That it would be written down in heaven. They gave me their all. Hallelujah, Jesus. Hallelujah. We worship you, Father. We bless your name and know what it's like. We bless your name, Lord Jesus. We worship you tonight, Father, to be in the presence of Hallelujah, Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Just praise him now. And now what time it is, he's washed you now. Now he's cleansed cuz time stood still. He wants to come near you now. You've been anointed with that oil of his anointed. You smell fresh, pleasant. Praise God. You've been anointed with restored. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah, Jesus. Because we stayed here, we bless your name, holy father, in the presence of the Lord. Glorious Lord, saturate our souls tonight. Oh God, no one had to say a word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus, thank you, Father. We couldn't even make a sound. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. I give up everything. Everything, my Lord, for this treasure I found. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. What about a young people? I want your praise. What about you married men? You married women, older brothers and sisters. I don't want to hear our adoration, our praise. Hallelujah, Jesus. Cuz my heart is burning. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] In your presence, Lord. [Music] Oh, please stay. I don't want you to go. My heart is burning [Music] in your presence, Lord. [Music] Cuz I want more. [Music] Oh, I want more. [Music] I want more. [Music] Jesus. I want more. [Music] I want more. More of you, Jesus. I want more. [Music] I want more. [Music] Jesus. I want more. [Music] Please stay. [Applause] I don't want you to go. [Music] Lord, my heart is burning [Applause] in your presence. Lord, please stay. [Music] We don't want you to go. [Music] Our heart is burning in your presence, Lord. [Music] And I want more. [Music] I want more. [Music] I want more. [Applause] Oh Jesus, I want more. Oh. Oh. I want more. [Music] I need more of you. I want more. [Applause] [Music] I want more. [Music] Jesus. I want more. Oh, I know what it's like [Music] to be in the presence of the Lord. [Music] And I know what time it is [Music] because time stood still. Oh, bies are healed. Oh, our families can be restored. [Music] Because we stayed here. Hallelujah. In the presence of the Lord. Yes. Yes. Yes. Lord, we say stay. [Music] Oh Lord Jesus, I don't want you to go. My heart is burning. My heart is burning in your presence. Lord, please stay. [Music] I don't want you to go. Oh, [Music] my heart is burning [Applause] in your presence, Lord. I want more. Oh Lord, I want more. [Music] I want more. Oh Jesus, I want more. [Music] [Applause] Oh, I want more. more of you in me. Oh, I want more. I need more of you. I want more. Jesus, I want more. [Music] So I say stay. [Music] I don't want you to go. [Music] My heart is burning in your presence, Lord. Oh, [Music] please stay. [Music] I don't want you to go, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Lord. We worship you, Lord. My heart is burning. Yes, Father. Yes, Father. My heart is burning. Oh, it's burning in your presence and Lord. Hallelujah. We worship you, Lord. I want we worship you, Jesus. We bless your name, Lord God. Christ for you, Jesus. Hallelujah, Jesus. Lord, just tell him. How many wants more? I need more. I need more. More love. More understanding. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't want more so I can have more. I want more so I can give more away. Hallelujah. I want more love so I can love more. I want more understanding so I can understand more and understand how to help you. Hallelujah, Jesus. We worship you, Lord God. I want. Thank you, Father. Yes, we do, Jesus. Oh, Lord, I want Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Lord God. Bless your name, Lord God. Jesus, I want more. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus, please. Thank you, Father. Please stay. Hallelujah. Please stay, Lord. Stay, Lord. I don't want you to go. You promised us you wouldn't. Hallelujah. My heart is burning. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In your presence. Thank you, Jesus. Please stay. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you Lord God. Hallelujah to God. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you for this mikvah tonight Lord. Thank you Lord God. Loose us from selfishness, Father, of thinking that salvation is all about us and it's all about you loving us and what you can do for us. Change us from tonight, Lord. And help us to realize it's not just one-sided of what you can do for us, but what can we do for you? What can we give you? How can I love you in a way that I've never loved you before? Help me, Jesus. Praise be to God. Praise be to God. Oh, aren't you glad you was able to come to church tonight? Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. We worship you, Jesus. Let's just bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, thank you for this service, Lord. I thank you for your cleansing, Lord. Oh, Jesus, we we know we need it, Father. It's like the bride is dressed in this beautiful white spotless garment, but everywhere she goes out here on the world, it's smuck and smoke and just filth and just ungodly nasty stuff. And it's like everything that's around us is wanting to touch us and touch our garment and spot it. because for us to appear in your presence with just the least spot on our garment would be a a great reproach. So it ain't that we have to actually even partake of it. It's not that we have to actually do what they do, but just if we get too close and it rubs off on us and we pick up this or that or the other, then our beautiful garment becomes spotted and marred. Cleanse us tonight, Lord. Give us wisdom how to walk in this dark, decrepit world and come out on the other side as white as snow. But we believe that's what you're doing around the world. We worship you tonight, Father. Go with us now. May we ponder over these things and ruminate over them as sheep do. We want to be better people. We want to be better, more sincere worshippers, a more sincere wife that loves you and serves you all the remaining portion of our life. Lord Jesus, go with us now. We pray, Father, do we return again at the appointed time. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we ask it. And the church said, "Amen." Sing something else for us here as we go. Praise the Lord. Turn around and shake hands with somebody and tell them it's it's been good to be in the house of the Lord. It's been good be in his presence. Amen. Music fades and all is slipped away. and I simply come. God bless you saints. Love you in the Lord. [Music] Pointing that word that will bless your heart. [Music] I bring you more than a song. For a song is not what you have desired. You search much deeper within. Through the way things appear, you're looking in to my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for I made it. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the faith I made. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. King of endless world. No one could express how much you deserve. Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is yours. Every single pray I'll bring you more than a song. For the song is not what you have required. [Applause] You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking for my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry for the thing I made. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord. I made it. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come [Music] longing just to breathe something that's a word that will bless your heart. I bring you more than a song for a song in this is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking in to my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord. I made it. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry for the thing I made. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I made It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music]
