################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.168 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.168
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZC-W5FJWCiU
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] who said that I would I keep on trusting. He's working everything for my good. Oh, sing it to [Music] him. Oh, now I'm going to make it through. Sing it like you believe it. Oh yes. Now I'm I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. I'll keep on trusting. He's working everything for my good. [Music] Oh yes. Now I'm going to make it through. How many of you believe you are? Oh, your heart. Oh, now I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. And I'll keep on trusting. He's working everything for my good. Sing it now. [Music] Glory. Oh yes. Now I'm going to make it through. Hallelujah. We're going to make it through. Amen. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. Isn't it good to be in the house of God midweek? Praise the Lord. Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him tonight. Mean it from your heart now. Tell him you're glad to see him in the house of the Lord. What a privilege it is to be able to come to the house of God to worship him in spirit. And if you're so glad our pastor and sister Reagan made it back home. We're certainly glad for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. We We know we share you, but we don't like it one bit, but we know that's part of it. So, we're certainly glad to have him home with us tonight and just looking to forward to what God would have for us tonight. Had a great time here on Sunday morning, didn't we? How many of you appreciate the word of the Lord? Amen. Praise God. Now, if we have any visitors tonight, we want to say we welcome you to the house of God. Glad to have you with us. trust you'll just feel at home, make yourself at home here tonight. All of our visitors, God bless you and all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say, "God bless all of those folks." Can we give all these people a good hand tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to look at our prayer request. Brother Andrew Cobb, I don't who is here with him, if his family is or not. I only saw him, but he's going to be giving us a a song here just in a little bit. So looking forward to that. Uh want to let you know this. Sister Brandy Anon sends this in. Dear church family, Sister Ruth Anon passed away this morning. My dad Charles Anon's mother. And so we want to certainly remember those folks in prayer that the Lord would just be with them during this time in their life. That God would just wrap them up really, really good in his arms and love them. Sister Sarah is requesting prayer for her her husband Abel to come back to the Lord and give him deliverance. Thank you so much. So we want to remember that. Please ha ask the church assembly to pray for Cameron. He's a young man that really needs our prayers at this time. He is sincerely seeking a closer walk with God. There are great needs in his life. He is currently attending a a denominational church. He has mentioned that he would like to know how it all works. So, we just commit that request unto the Lord tonight. We remember Sister Lona in prayer. A lot of pain with her shoulder. Uh she had to leave or she has to have an MRI tomorrow. So, we're asking that the Lord would just be mindful of her. Sister Linda Jublonsky has an urgent unspoken prayer request. We just commit that unto the Lord. Sister Ruth Louise Jax wants to thank everyone for their prayers for her and her family. She is also asking for God to intervene concerning an ongoing issue with having her driver's license reinstated. So, let's remember that prayer request tonight. Please remember brother Don and Sister Patty Cooper in prayer. They both have a virus, unable to be in the service tonight. So, we want to remember them. And if you would tonight, I want you to remember Randy Lewis, a friend of mine over in Elizabeth, and he has prostate cancer. And I told him that I would certainly turn in a prayer request for him tonight. and he said he certainly would appreciate your prayer. So, let's remember Randy Lewis tonight as we pray. Please remember many of the saints in the Congo. I was supposed to be traveling uh to the Congo next week with believers from Maine. We're unable to travel due to ongoing gang wars and violence. Many of the believers and their families are being forced to flee. We're trusting the Lord. Brother Tyler Gagnan sends that in. So, we certainly want to remember that prayer request tonight. Sister Barbara Grabley has a testimony she'd like to share with you. She got the results from her uh echo cardiogram and three of the four arteries in her heart are showing no signs of worsening. She appreciates all of your prayers. So, we want to thank the Lord for that and ask God to just continue to be with her during this time. Sister Abby Potter wants to thank the Lord for the experience she had at Louisiana Youth Camp. She was baptized after Saturday night service. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. So glad for all these testimonies. We know that we're serving a a wonderful risen Lord Jesus Christ. He is our hope tonight. How about you? Is he your hope tonight? Amen. Let's stand to our feet if you will. Let's sing that together once again as we just get ready to pray over these needs tonight. We just want to commit all these things unto the Lord and ask brother Fred if he would come just in a minute and we'll pray. Let's sing this song together. We're going to make it now. We act like we're losers sometimes, but really we are the winners. There's more for us than there is there against us. Right. I heard brother Brand was selling a tape just the other day. He was having a meeting somewhere in a big auditorium and the acoustics were real bad and he was just struggling and he said, "I really don't like to have a meeting in this kind of a a building." He preferred a church. He said, "They're just little devils." He said, "A little devil sitting everywhere." And I said, "Well, you know, come to think about it, he ain't nothing but a little imp. That's all Satan is. is just a little oimp that we let him buffalo us and push us around. We're serving a risen Jesus Christ. Do you believe that? Give him a good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Yes. I'm going to sing with all your heart. [Music] Thank you Lord. Sing it with your [Music] heart. He walks beside me. Heaven it's in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. You got to sing that one more time. Oh, yes. Now I Oh, thank you, Father. We love you tonight. Oh, and I'll keep right on trusting. He's working everything for my good. He walks beside the pretty and heaven is in my Oh yes I'm going to make it through. [Music] He walks me. Oh, he walks beside us tonight, church. Heaven is in my Oh, yes. Now I'm going to make it through. Hallelujah. Let's go to the Lord in prayer tonight. Brother Fred, God bless you, buddy. Appreciate you. Appreciate you. God bless you, buddy. I think he's wanting my shirt. Let's bow our heads and go to the Lord in prayer. Oh, Father, how we just so drawn out the whole day, Lord, just wanting to be with you. And as we gather together, Lord, to remember your name, to glorify you, we ask you to take the word of God and comfort each and every heart. Lord, bring us to that place, Lord, where you can speak to us because that's why we're here, Lord. Thank you. We so long all day, Lord, to hear your voice, to see your face. And Lord, as we look around the world, and we see you in so many ways. And we just want to hear you say, "It is enough. Come home. We long for you, Lord. We long for your word. Be in our presence, Lord, and be welcome tonight. Let us open our hearts God as you bring refreshing to us Lord. Speak to us Lord and help us Lord in this dark generation that we live. Help us to be better stewards Lord. Take each and every prayer request Lord and give each and every one of us the faith and the strength to stand and say our God can and our God will for us because we have faith in you Lord that you will do mighty things among your people Lord. We pray God that you would do these things for us. Not that we are arrogant in knowledge Lord. We don't want to be arrogant in knowledge Lord but we want to acknowledge your word Lord and we love it so much Lord. So as our hearts beat within us today Lord come and take your word and beat out any pride or anything that's un unwilling and un unsatisfying to you. beat it out of us, Lord, because we don't want it, Lord. We only want you. And we want the son of God to be aresh in our hearts as as we shine in the world. We want others to know, God, that there is a living God that's full of love and joy and peace and greatness. And it's nothing of our own selves and nothing that we could do to even be saved. So Lord, come and be among us tonight. Touch each and every heart, Father, and let us be comforted by your word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Fred. God bless. You can be seated tonight. Ushers, if you will come at this time, receive the evening offering. You give us unto the Lord. Once again, if you're visiting, God bless you. Glad to have you. Let's sing a song tonight. There's no one greater than Jesus. How many of you can say amen to that? Praise the Lord. Let's sing about it tonight if you will. I was so bound up. My life was so tied up. No peace within. No peace within. Chains could not hold. Oh yes. Confused, so [Music] lonely, so shackled with sing. Oh yes, Lord. Sing it to [Music] him. Is that coming? Thank you, Lord. From the other side of the sea. Thank you, Lord. His eyes of compassion, they're piercing through me. Oh legion, you've had me bound for so long. My morning has broken. I sing victory songs for there's no one greater than Jesus. Oh now there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, sweet [Music] Jesus. Hated, rejected by my neighbors, detested. Oh yes. Oh, peace within. Oh, peace within. I was a talker. Oh yes. Conversation. Oh yes. My multiple relation. Thank you, Lord. So shackled with [Music] sin at noon day. Thank you Lord. When the sun was burning down, I hid my face from an embarrassment for my lifestyle so bad. There was sitting all the way. Hallelujah. My story of life he began to tell. Glory. I've forgiven you Samaritan. Thank you Lord. I will call you daughter from out of your soul. Thank you Lord. with no living water. Oh, now there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, now there's no one gater than Jesus. There's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, now there's no one gater than Jesus. Sing it to him. No, there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, now there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's sing just a little bit of that song tonight. So much to thank him for. How many of you got a lot to thank him for tonight? Just sing a little bit of that tonight as our singers come. Brother Andrew uh Cobb, if you'll come on the platform. Sister uh Jessica and Sister Lindsay, if you come on the platform and we'll have our songs tonight. We'll go right on into the service. And I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me, when I think of what he's done and where he brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Sing the chorus. I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And I think I think of what he's done and where he brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. Say that verse for me. When I look around and see all the good things, all the good things done for me, I know. Thank you, Lord. I'm unworthy of them all. For his blessings, all his blessings really gives our Oh, yes, we do. My life to him. I've got so much. Thank you, Lord, to thank him for. Oh, yes. I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And I think I think of what he's done and where he brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. Amen. Give our singers a good hand tonight as they sing for you. God bless you all. It's good to be here. I'm trying my best to see you again. I don't know how you got it off. [Music] So what do you say I spoke up, your honor, I have no defense. But that's when mercy walked in. Mercy walked in. Completed my case, called to the stand. God's saving grace, the blood was presented that covered my sin. forgiven when mercy walked in. I stood there wondering now, how could this be that someone so guilty had just been set [Music] free? My chains were broken. I felt born again. The moment when mercy walked in, mercy walked in and pleaded my case. called to stand. God's saving grace. The blood was presented that covered my [Applause] sin for when mercy. [Music] Because it reaches to the highest mountain. It flows to the Lord lowest valley. The blood that gives me straight from day to [Applause] day. It'll never lose its power because it reaches to the highest mountain. [Music] It flows to the Lord with [Music] smiling. The blood gives me strength from day to day. It'll never lose. It's [Music] power. The blood was presented that covered my sin. forgiven when mercy walked in. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. [Music] But if you'll give me Lord another touch, I'll have the strength to carry on. I thought the sun had come to stay, but all too soon it went away. And in its place the storm clouds came. And with the clouds there came the rain. It rained so hard and oh so long. But midst the storm I felt a [Music] calm. It was your touch that brought me through it all. Without your help, I'd surely fall. Lord, you know I need a brand new [Music] touch. My strength from yesterday is gone. [Music] But if you'll give me Lord another [Applause] touch, I'll have the strength to carry on. [Music] Yesterday is come and gone and now a new day is coming on. I do not know what it may bring. My heart may cry instead of [Music] sing, but it matters not what comes my way. Lord, if you'll just touch me new each day. Your loving touch drives all my fears away. [Applause] Close by your side. I'm going to [Music] stay. Lord, you know how weak I really am. Even better than myself. But with your help, I know I really can make it through the darkest night. Everything's going to be all right. Lord, you know I need a brand new touch. My strength from yesterday's gone. But if you'll give me Lord another touch, I'll have the strength to carry on. If you'll touch me, Lord, I'll have the strength to carry on. Won't you touch me, Lord? Give me the strength to carry on. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Through out my years from a little child, I can honestly say God has stayed by my side. Although I didn't claim him as my Lord, he loved me through rebellion to his word. And I could hear a distant voice calling me home. He never left me alone. Since I walked in this glorious light, Satan battles and I am in a constant fight. But the Lord, he still helps me to overcome. He knows the pressure that's been left on the bride. Each day is another step closer home. He's been there every day. He never left me [Music] alone. He's always been there. He saw each valley. He knew every heartache that I went through. He knew the pain and despair. He heard every tear. Drop that fellow. Thank God he never left me alone. In the darkness of the midnight, I hear Satan come around. He says, "You're losing that battle. You're not gaining ground." And just as I'm giving up, I hear that same voice saying, "Child, pick up your sword." And through the word I hear him say, "I will never leave you fighting alone." [Music] He's always been there. He saw each valley. He knew every heartache that I went through. knew. He knew the pain and despair. He heard each tear. Drop that fellow. Oh, I thank God he never left me alone. He knew the pain and despair. He heard every tear. Drop that fellow. Oh, I thank God he never left me alone. Oh. Oh. I thank God he never left me alone. [Music] [Applause] Lord, I cannot imagine trying to live this life in this age, the craziest of all ages, the worst time for a human being to be on the earth. Amen. And there's 7 billion people think they're doing great. It shows how insane the world is, does it not? Let's stand together. Let me just look at y'all for a few minutes before I read my scripture. I just want you all way back there in the back. Good to see you. [Applause] Amen. I bring you greetings tonight from Rome, Venice, Philippines, Germany, Belgium, all over the world. saints of God that um were there at the meetings in Switzerland and brother Tom Ray, Brother Wayne Lawson just did an awesome job. I ain't going to say much about that other guy cuz y'all know how I feel about him. But those brothers done so good. The presence of God was just so wonderful. And I was able to meet for the first time many people that have streamed our services for years. some that went back plum to the 80s whenever we used to send out cassettes and you know they just so nice to be able to see the people of God think about what it's going to be one day when we all gather together. It's it's pretty sad whenever you gather in times like that. And brother David Mayor and his family took us to the airport yesterday in Geneva and they went with us as far as they could go till we had to go into the French side of Geneva and it just felt so so sad, so lonely. And I told him, I said, "I don't do good on goodbyes." Yeah. But I couldn't keep from thinking about what a time it's going to be when the saints of God gather together. So after most of the services, people standing up on the outside there wanting photos. So I kept telling Carol, "Come on, free trip to Pakistan. Free trip to India. No jet lag." But I'll tell you one thing. I've preached all over the world. Ain't no place I'd rather preach than right here. Yes. Amen. Amen. I mean, they have with all my heart. We thank God for the privilege for us to be able to walk together, don't we? Amen. Let's turn tonight, if you would, to Genesis chapter 24, verse 21. God's word is so wonderful and I love it not because that it's just so simple but yet because it can have its complex parts and its poetry, its a love story, its songs, its worship, its history. It records the bad parts of good people's lives, which shows you it was inspiration of God. Cuz most of us would never write what's in the Bible. Most would never write about our family or our heritage what God had the authors of scripture to write. So, it shows to me again that it's inspired by doing so. It wrote horrific things that they did, but God wanted it to be there for our examples. Thank God that we have those good things there and we can learn by them. But I'm grateful also for the bad things because we can learn by them as well. Aren't you grateful? We'll pick up again tonight in Genesis chapter 24 verse 21. And the man wondering at her held his peace to wit whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight, two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold, and said, "Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee." Anybody know how old she is? Anybody know? The ripe old age of 16. So, how many of your parents with 16-year-old daughters would send them off with this man right here? You can't Google him. He has no real ID. He has no passport. All he has is his word with a bunch of camels, wealth, riches, and some servants other than himself. No way to check him up, no way to Google him, no way to call somebody and find out. Would you send your daughter with such a man, especially 16 years old? And she never her whole life ever got to go back home. But the prophet said it was the message that got her. The message. You see, one reason that we've had so many folks to pull away from the message in the last few years is because they got the message, but the message never got them. But if the message grabs your soul, you'll never be able to get away from it. But if you just grab the message, oh man, this is this is good. Boy, this is some really good stuff. then somebody else will come along with some better stuff cuz the message just ain't stuff. It's a message from God. Now listen what she's going to face here. Now he asked her further identification. Whose daughter art thou? Tell me I praise thee. Is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? Now remember these are all pointed questions are not just random. He's not just trying to make a conversation. He's there to find a mate. The questions are pointed in a direction. He can ask the question but he cannot give her the answer. But her answer will further identify her if she's the match. And said whose daughter out there tell me I pray thee. There's there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in. And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Mila, which she bare unto Nahor. She said, Moreover, unto him, we have both straw and proender, enough, and room to lodge in. Now notice when the man worships, when the woman answers his questions without him telling her what to say. So he doesn't just worship God once he delivers his part, but he worships God when she answers the right thing. And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. And once again, I'd like to ask you tonight, whose daughter are you? Whose son are you? Your answer will make the angels rejoice if it's the right answer. Amen. Let me let it be remembered tonight as we pray. Heavenly Father, we love you so much. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for being with Carol and myself as we went this long, arduous journey, and you brought us back safely, Lord. And we're so thankful, still rejoicing as to what we saw you do in the meetings. And Father, it was such an awesome time to be together with the saints of God. And as I would stand there each service, the ones I was ministering in and the ones that I was just there supporting the other brothers in and hear the saints sing and worship. Different ones would come in and they'd grab headsets because they couldn't understand English or French and they would speak German or they would speak Kiswahili or Arabic or whatever it was. And as I watched that each service, I thought, what a day it'll be when we'll all be gathered together and there'll be no division of language, no division of any type. Lord, many of those people come through and they wanted to shake my hand, Brother Wayne's hand, Brother Tom's hand, Carol, they'd want to meet our wives and they couldn't say anything to us. So, they just kind of fold their hands and bow their heads or something or smile or just shake your hand. And Lord, it I thought how how terrible in one sense of the word that the barrier of language has so divided us. But yet we have a language which was common to us all and it was the message of the hour. And for that we are so grateful. We've gathered here tonight, Father, that we might be able to talk a little bit more about our messenger, but that we also could talk about you, of course, and we could talk about ourselves and what we could do to be a better people in response to this message that you've sent to us in the last day. For we know that we are stewards. Stewards are giving something that does not belong to them. It's it can be multiple things. It can be one thing that's a major, other things that are several minors. For some, it's been given to them many majors. Church age messengers and great people like that. But yet, Father, whatever has been given to our charge, we want to handle that and be stewards in the right way. There may be people here tonight that's so poor and they think stewardship is all about money. But not necessarily. Each of us are stewards with our time, stewards with our love, stewards with our kindness, stewards with our forgiveness. There's so much that we have a stewardship about. We do not want to fail you, Lord. Speak to us tonight from your word. Help me tonight, Jesus. I pray to be able to get out of the way. We love you, Father, in Jesus name. And the saints said, "Amen." Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I do need a little bit of prayer tonight. Me and Carol got up at um 6:00 uh yesterday morning. That was Switzerland time, which was u few minutes after 12 a.m. your time. And we got in bed last night a little bit after 1 your time. So that was about 25 hours anyway you count it up with no sleep and u I don't know what in the world has happened to me but since I've moved from 32 and I'm double that now I just can't go like I did and I'm trying my best to figure it out. So if any of y'all can let me know what happened just kindly send me an email about that. But I would appreciate your prayers. many many airs hours rather in flight and and uh sitting in the airport a long time. But I thought, you know what? I just don't think I can be able to be at church Wednesday night, not get up and try to preach. So, if you'll pull and pray for me, I believe the Lord will come by our way tonight. Y'all agree. Amen. It's such an honor for us. Praise the Lord. So let us look since we are part of the great economy of God. Let us look at the firstborn of this new genos which is a seed line of God. And I've read it to you before we left that he was the firstborn or the first begotten from the dead. But before he was given that title as the first begotten from the dead, we know that he was identified as the firstborn among many brethren. And it it's very important and vital actually that you and I know who we are. And we know it's not something that we get immediately when we're born again. My many of you have been around the message for decades. I myself been around it since the early 80s. And the more I study it, the more I look into it, the more I realize how little that I know, but also at the same time, how much more that I know now than I knew years ago. And I'm grateful for all of that. But I desire to know know more about who I am, who you are, who our our heavenly father is, and our relation to him and our position in the body of Christ. Does that make make sense to you? So, we know that Malachi 4 consists of three great parts. And God was the one who said it. Behold, I I God Almighty send unto you, the recipients of the message, Elijah the prophet. So for those who read only about brother Brandham in Malachi 4, they're leaving out God and they're leaving out other members of the bride of Christ. So there there is a great importance and a great value of each of us that are called of God in that place. Now you know looking at Abraham, he was a great great man. Jacob was another great man. But we have wedged in between those two great men another man which was not as great. Ever wonder why that there's not many books written about Isaac? Hollywood has made so many books and and movies and things about Abraham and they skip Isaac, come right back, make many, many more about Jacob. There's many, many that they made about David. And there's certain characters that they've made many of, even Hollywood and authors. But yet there's people like Isaac that are totally overlooked because they're sort of mediocre type of Bible characters as there are many many of them in the Bible which most of us that's what we would be and yet if it was not for an Isaac there would not have been a Jacob was there not for those people that would be wedged in between great people then there wouldn't really be any value by which to estimate the value of those who are great. But at the same time, it doesn't mean that those who are lesser than that are not important in the economy of God. And when you and I look at oursel and we think, well, we're not really anything. No, I disagree with you on that. If we are saved and we're part of the economy of God, there is something of value about every one of us. Now, are we great? Now, that's totally different. No, we're not great, but we are something. We are purchased by the blood. And the blood caused him a great deal in order for him to produce the product of the blood to be able to buy us. Now, let's read again if you would in Romans 8 29. So Jesus is the firstborn for whom he did forno he also did predestinate which is predetermine your destiny to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Now, he's not the first son, and he's not the first child. Neither was he the first one that would have been born in the first century. So, how is he? And how was he to be named the firstborn among many brethren? Now, we know that Adam was the first one created, but Adam was not born cuz it didn't have a mother. So how was Jesus being the firstborn and he was also identified as not just being the only one in the family but the firstborn of many brethren and yet our mother was not his mother. Well, how is it that he had both father which was spirit God and he was given his his incubator mother was given the opportunity to be able to bear the great identification of carrying the word and what a great honor it were it was and even the angel referred to her as his mother and when he was on the cross he tells John behold thy mother. So as far as an identification, she was given that honor that yet how does that make us of his same family and of his same kind? My mama was not Mary. Your mama was not Mary. My father in the as far as in the likeness of my image was not God. It was Don Reagan. Yours was whatever his name was. But unless there's another burst that's going to bring us into this scripture of Romans 8:28, it's going to produce mass confusion because his father was God. Mine was Don. Yours was Gary, which is not the same. Gary and God, it ain't the same. Uh do God and Don Reagan? No, it ain't the same. God and Greg Parker, it ain't the same. So, how am I and Jesus a part of the same family of God? How are you, brother Harvey and Jesus brothers? How are you, brother Fred, a brother to the Lord Jesus in so much that God's prophet would call him our elder brother? It's mind-blowing. How could he be identified as our elder brother? Now watch this. I love the way the prophet goes into this. Notice the first thing he did after him his temptation in the wilderness. He came forth as the anointed Messiah. The Messiah, the Christ. Christ means the anointed one. Now listen to this. He was born Jesus the man. He was born Jesus the man. I know a lot of folks in the message still struggle with this and the bottom line is because of Jesus only. He was born Jesus the man. But when the Holy Ghost came into him, he was the anointed Messiah. So now he was not born the Christ. What did the angel say? Thou shalt call his name Jesus. He never instructed Mary to call his name Lord Jesus Christ. As a matter of fact, he was only called Lord Jesus Christ after his resurrection. So what do we see then? We actually see the unfolding of God when God was becoming his people. Now listen to me. God was becoming his people. In order to make his people him, he had to become his people. Now listen, he was born Jesus the man. But when the Holy Ghost came into him, he was the anointed Messiah. The Bible said God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. Now notice God living in him. The fullness of the Godhead was in him. God was poured all he was into Christ. Christ poured all he was into the church. Now I don't have all of that. Praise the Lord. Now Jesus could say things about his position I cannot say about mine. Jesus could say he was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. I might say it but it ain't the truth. I'm only a portion. You're only a portion. Now when people will stand and say I'm the Holy Ghost. I'm God. I'm this or that. No you ain't. You're a liar. You don't know what you're talking about. You are not the fullness of God. Now, everything that would be in the Atlantic Ocean and it's a big ocean. So, whenever we flew out of there yesterday and we flew about oh 4,500 no 4,35 miles something like that from the time we left Paris until we reached Atlanta and a big a large span of that was flying over the Atlantic. Now, you could be able to look at that value, that volumes of water in the Atlantic and be able to break it down and all the chemicals and things that would be in there and measure it. And you could also step right down there and pick up a tablespoon and be able to come up with some of the exact same elements in the tablespoon that's in that t entire body of water. Is that right? So God himself would be the entire ocean of Godhead, love, mercy, kindness, generous, all that sort of thing. But take a little teaspoon, tablespoon, dip it inside of that, put it inside you and I, and you'll find some of the exact same attributes in that that you'd find in the entire ocean. But you're not going to find the same amount or the same volume or the same mass. But now notice, God emptied everything he was into the Lord Jesus. Now watch, God one day made a toxin. I'm going to say something. He didn't try it on a guinea pig either. He gave it to his son. He inoculated him at the Jordan when the Holy Ghost came down upon him. Amen. Now, can anybody agree with me tonight? According to the scripture and the message, Jesus was not born full of the Holy Ghost. He was born a man and he lived 30 years of his life as a man without the Holy Ghost. Come on, praise the Lord. Now, watch again. and calling Jesus on the scene. Remember, in flesh, he was just a man. Woo. Boy, you couldn't have got me to say this 44 years ago. Whatever it was, I I tell you one thing, I was Jesus only. I went from Trinitarian to Jesus only. That's right. Jesus only. That was it. So when I come to this message and I started running across things like this, I mean it was hard for me to swallow. It was very very hard for me to be able to break down because the way I was looking at it, I was taking away from the Lord Jesus. And I felt like that I was protecting him. So I would come to his defense. You're not taking that away from him. I won't let you do it. But it wasn't nobody else trying to take it away from him. He laid it aside himself. And now I look at that and I realize it was nothing but Satan trying to block me from understanding how low he condescended in order to come to my level. You understand that? Now you realize Satan will try to do some of you here that still don't see it right. And you think you're trying to protect the Lord Jesus. You're not. It's actually Satan using that perception to protect your tradition, not truth. It's your tradition because you'll never be able to see who you are until you see who he became. Now, he'll let you go down so far, but Satan will try to stop you from seeing actually how low the Lord Jesus went. Because there's something about it, it changes you if you ever go down there. It will absolutely change you when you see how low that he condescended to. Now he says, "Remember in flesh he was just a man, but in spirit he was God, but a man in flesh, therefore his body was a human being that was subject to temptations, subject to sickness, just the same as ours." And he said to put on to be a man, a human. But then he was God in spirit. He said, "I and my father are one. My father dwellestth in me." Now that same pillar of fire, the fatherhood came down and was made God in sunship. Now look, this is why that he could not be born the fullness of the Godhead bodily because that would have been God revealed in the same appearance as it was when he appeared to Abraham which was King Theophony. So he could not become sunship unless he laid aside that and then allowed the God part to come in the human part. Then it would be the godship stepping into the sunship which was what? A precursor of every son and daughter of God receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If he would have been born with it, it would have not given you a fair chance because we would not be born with the Holy Ghost. So he said, "My children wasn't born with it, so I ain't going to be born with it either. I'm going to live 30 years of my life without it. I'm going to be a 10year-old boy without the Holy Ghost. I'm going to be a 13-year-old boy without the Holy Ghost. I'm going to live my teens without the Holy Ghost. I'm going to live my 20s without the Holy Ghost. I want to know how some of my my brothers are going to feel as they're going through life without the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I want to understand how they feel. Oh, what a high priest. Now, notice he says, "Oh my, he come down that pillar of fire, the fatherhood come down and was made God made God in sunship. He dwelt in the pillar of fire in the shakina glory. And he dwelt in a body which was the son that he created and made in the form of man so that he made him the son of God the second Adam. Of course now he had to come through the womb of a woman not like Adam because that's what he had to condemn the birth of a human being by a woman. I want you to notice how close it was though. the birth of a human being by a woman. Now, Jesus was a human being brought forth from a woman, but there was nothing of the woman's DNA or the woman's chromosomes that contributed at all to her incubating this word. You understand? Now, he says, "Oh my, that's what he had to condemn the birth of a human being by woman." So, he had to come that way. Now that's God the son the same God. Now he through the offering of that body without sin made a human offering. Now this is where that we come into. Now the question is how do you see yourself? So if Rebecca would have answered well I don't know if I want to tell you who I am. I'm not sure who you are. My mama told me not to speak to strangers. My daddy is instructing me to be wary of people that come in here and talk funny and act funny and you talk funny, you act funny. I can tell you ain't from around here. You're from somewhere else. And I'm taught to be careful around strangers. And I I'm not giving you my background. You You might show up at my door sometime. I don't know. I'm not going to answer any of that stuff to you. So, if she would have answered all of that, it would have been a repulsive response to the message. Now, keep in mind what this man is doing. He's bringing a message from his master. Her destiny will be determined by her response verbally and by her action to this message. It's not to the mercy of Abraham. It's not according to the looks of Isaac. It's not according to how many camels, how much gold, how much silver. None of that is going to determine her destiny. Her destiny will be revealed according to the way she identifies with this man's message. I hope somebody hear me tonight. Do you understand? Your destiny, word of light, church, is going to be determined by your response to the message of the hour. Amen. The people in Paul's day, those that accepted it will rejoice through eternity. Those that turn it down, you imagine when the judgment is set and the books are open and they all woke up before God. Those that ridiculed Paul, those that persecuted him, those that run him down, told lies on him, all that sort of thing, they will stand before God and the witness of the age will walk up into the judgment blocks. And there they will stand and the witnesses of the elect of God. And those who persecuted Paul will look on the other side of the throne and there will stand Paul and Timothy and Titus and Fleimon and the saints of God that they killed and crucified. Oh, you imagine what a fearful day it's going to be. Well, let's bring it on down to this day. The people that have run down the message of the hour and the messenger and called him a false prophet and a liar and a devil. how surprised they're going to be when they walk up before the throne of God and they're expecting to go in and shouting down the streets of gold. But I wonder how soon it'll be when they walk up there before they realize they're in bad trouble. Because right there beside the Lord Jesus will stand his prophet messenger for this age. And there will stand message pastors and message evangelists and message missionaries and then by our our divisions and the protocol of God. There will be saints of God that they've laughed at and ridiculed and made fun of. And they're not there just kind of waving hellos, but they're there in the judgment seat to pronounce judgment upon those that have turned him down. Oh my. Now think, Eleazar is not representing himself. It's not, oh well, I I really don't like the way you part your hair. I really don't like the way you dressed up those camels. It was not about him. He was not looking for a bride for himself. But it was all about his master. So the questions are said with his master's welfare in mind. He does not want to take a woman back that is not going to be matched up to his master. Now once he pronounces the the agreement there, do you understand that Isaac could not even change that? Abraham was all that he had. Abraham would whatever woman he took back, Abraham would have allowed that woman to be his wife. Abraham would not have stood there and said, "I don't like her. Her nose is too long. Her lips are too big. Her ears stick out too far from the side of her head." If Ele was the one who identified her as the bride, why? Because the angel of God went before him. You understand, friend, how important it is for us in this day and hour that we're living to respond to the message of the hour now? Not just by saying amen verbally, and we're supposed to do that, but by amening the word by the way that we live every day of our life. Amens are more than just sitting there in church and saying the word amen. Now watch, he says he be improving his word. He began to eat the fish and the bread and the so forth and it began to develop cells and then when it's fully matured at 30 years old he was baptized. Listen to this. I'll tell you what I just blowed me away then I read this. He was baptized in obedience to John. Can you imagine the lamb of God himself obeyed the teaching of a prophet? I wouldn't give you a nickel for any preacher that can't be led. I if you follow any preacher who can't be led, you've got poor discernment. Because a leader that cannot be led is not a God called leader. He's a dictator or he's a wannabe. You imagine the Lord Jesus actually submitting himself to the teaching of John the Baptist. Praise God. Notice this. Now he says, hallelujah. He was baptized in obedience to John down here or to God in the water. Now remember John was preaching. Repent. Got to be baptized. Got to be baptized. Here come Jesus. John said I can't baptize you. I'm not worthy. You need to baptize me. He said suffer it to be so. Let me obey the word. You have the message John of baptism. Father has ordained. Notice what did Jesus was said? You mean to tell me I'm going to church down there and some preacher is going to baptize me? Some preacher, some mort. I'm the logos. I'm the word. Oh my preach. But remember, he's down there to meet the father. And where you meet the father is obedience to the word of God. The Holy Ghost would not have come. Listen to me. The Holy Ghost would not have come had Jesus refused that promised word. But he's not going to refuse it. Why? It's in him to fulfill all scripture. Now watch what he done. And he said, John, whenever he's down there in the water, and he went out, what happened? The dove, which was God descending from heaven with a voice saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell." What did he come to do? Redeem that part of the earth. Now remember, God had not had a permanent flesh body until this time. So he would appear in elements of the earth. He would use them to drop back down to the earth. But now God said, "From this part of the earth, I will redeem it. I will sanctify it and set it apart and I will live in it. And I'm going to take this part of the earth. This is my part of the earth right here. The great creator. This is my part of the earth and from this part I will redeem all the rest of it to redeem that part of the earth. He was the beginning of the creation of God because God Amen is not a creation only in Christ. Amen. He is a creation because God is eternal and a spirit and a spirit is not created. He was the beginning of the creation of God. And God redeemed that body. How? Presence. P R E S E N C E. Presence. The presence of God. Now, it did not have no sin, so it didn't need blood. What would redeem him and set him apart from everything else? The Holy Ghost. God redeemed that body. See, when he come down, when he come down and he said, "This is my beloved son. I am well pleased in him." Now, who are you then? Well, I I'm just some poor old person that's trying to hang on. I don't know if I'm saved or not. Sometimes I think I am. Sometimes I think I'm bride. Sometimes I think I'm foolish virgin. Sometimes I think I'm part of that old Jezebel church. That sound like to me you need to find out who you are. You need to find out which side of the fence you belong on and give everything you are to that. If you're bride tonight, then act like bride, talk like bride, live like bride, go to church like bride, be filled with the Holy Ghost like bride. Notice Hebrews 2:10. For it became him for whom are all things and by whom are all things? and bringing many sons unto glory. Bringing many sons unto glory to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings. For both he that sanctifith and they who are sanctified are all of one. For which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren. So Christ and these sons are relation. You see, it's not like the majority of Christians believe it that God somehow by his grace, you know, give us his grace and his mercy and he changed us from something else and made us sons. We were sons of the devil and we were this and that and the other. Oh no, that's not true at all. The the thing of it is he come to seek and to save that which was lost. Amen. Redemption only includes those who were already his. That's right. Notice St. John 20 and 17. Jesus said unto her, "Touch me not, for I'm not yet ascended to my father, but go to read it. Go to my brethren and say unto them, I ascend unto my father and your father to my God and now you see after he is raised from the dead he changes the position of his brothers or his disciples. Now whenever it must have been a very important thing for the Lord Jesus to bear this thing that for Mary to take this message back and he said go tell my brothers not my servants, my slaves, my bondervants, all of that. Go and tell that bunch of devils. I'm going to try to get them saved if I can. Go tell Peter that sorry outfit done denied me and everything else. I cannot believe he'd done such a thing on second thought. I'm not sure I even want him in my church. But he said, "Go tell my brothers that I've raised from the dead." Now, that within itself was phenomenal. But then he goes a step further and go tell them that I'm going to ascend up to my God, but not only my God, but now he's your God. on the same level of sunship or position. So he that was the sanctifier has now sanctified the brethren there and also the future brethren which are to come in the church ages that they might all be of one family. Notice again Hebrews 10:10. by the which which we are all sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once and for all. Aren't you glad I don't have to die every day for you? Once a year, once every six months. Notice in verse 14, for by one offering he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. So after sanctification comes perfection. Amen. He hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. Listen to this now. In the unveiling of God, God veiled in Jesus to do the work of redemption at the cross. God could not die as a spirit. He's eternal, but he had to put on a mask and act the part of death. He did die, but he couldn't do it in his god form. He had to do it in son form. Now, not another person that God sent his little boy. God, you know, oh, he's up there high and holy and righteous and and here's one God and here's another God on on a small throne. And the daddy reached over his son said, "What do you think, son? Daddy, I'll go down and do it. If you if you want me to, daddy, I'll do it. I I don't want to do it, but daddy, I'll go. I mean, I I'll go. Well, they're all going to be lost if we don't do something. Daddy, we we've got to come up with a plan. Boy, are those things. I mean, there may not be nobody saved. Uh, that's the modern theology of the world. He already knew who's going to be saved. Is that right? There's already a cross before the man was lost. There's already a plan before there was a man. So, it wasn't two beings sitting up there talking in heaven, but it was God himself projecting his own thoughts of what he wanted to become. But he couldn't do it in God form. Well, you could not receive the Holy Ghost in sinner form. That's why that people come up and say, "Well, praise God, I got born again. Hallelujah. I got born again." All that happened to them was they got justified by faith and forgiven of their sins. A sinner cannot receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost in their soul. You understand? They cannot receive deity in their sinner form. They've got to get into the stage of the process of the new birth before they can receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost in their soul. God cannot break his pattern. A person cannot receive the Holy Ghost just when they're justified form. The only way the Holy Ghost will come into the soul is whenever the person has come through justification, true sanctification, then that makes a way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost to come in their soul. Because the Holy Ghost can only come into a soul when it's in its sanctified form. Amen. And God could not die in God form. God could only die in son form. Now notice he said he couldn't do it in his God form. He had to do it in his son form as son of man on earth. See, he had to be son form. Do you understand? This is what this whole thing is all about because he wanted you as sons and daughters and you were in thought form. But it's hard to fellowship in thought form. That's right. You can't reach up in your mind and pull one of them thoughts out and kind of lay your thought out there in the pull pit, you know, on the table and play around. How you how you doing, Todd? How you doing? Well, I I love you so much and you're my little thoughty and I I just love you little thought. You can't fellowship with a thought. You can't talk to a thought. The thought can't answer you back. But God wanted to bring it from thought form into a manifested word form and you bypass your theophony. So you come to the earth and then what are you? You're a man or a woman. You look like everybody everybody else on the earth. Born a sinner, born lost. And that's why we get that in our mind. Oh, there's no hope for me. Oh, there's hope for you before the foundation of the world. Sure, that's the way we preach the gospel and that's it. But remember, we're preaching to a bride and we're preaching to a church. And to that church, it's whosoever will, let him come, take of the water of life freely. But you were in his mind before there's ever one speck of stardust. And their names can be taken off of their book, but your name can be took off of yours because your Hallelujah. Yours is in the lamb's book of the life. Oh, thank you, Lord. Notice then in son form as son of man on the earth. He had to be in some form. And when he returned on Pentecost, he was son of God again. See what I mean? Get the idea. Some of y'all ain't getting the idea. I can see it all over your face right now. It's the same God all the time. But he had to change his form in order to get in people. Don't you see? He didn't just want one in the family. Well, those of you that had the true baptism of the Holy Ghost tonight in your soul, what are you? What are you? Who are you? Come on. You're living on the earth as sons and daughters of God that's been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. And in your body is deity. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. More than gifts now, more than emotion. We believe in all that. Yes. Thank God. But I'm talking about deity. Remember when there is no more tongues and there won't be in heaven. We won't prophesy in heaven. There won't be prayer lines in heaven. But your portion of the Holy Ghost will be yours for eternity. It's your part of the godhead. You understand the word Elohim is actually plur. Now the trinitarians try to say three. There's way more than three. Amen. When he spoke of that, he was speaking of himself in the form of plurality, but not two other gods, but himself and his children. And what are they? They are a part of Elohim because they are his children. Well, you say that's not fair. Is it unfair for you to love your children in a different way than you love mine? Do you provide for my children the way you do for your own? Do you provide for children in your community in the same way you do your own? Come on now. Answer me back. Don't sit there. Look at me. I do. Do Do you provide and buy for everybody else in your neighborhood the way you do for your children? Well, do you feel not feel condemned for doing that? You buy everybody in your house the same day you go to the grocery store, pay $385 for three bags, and then you say, "Glory to God, was able to afford that anyway." Hallelujah. And you come back and you realize, I'll tell you if groceries and everything goes get a little bit higher. Our lists are going to get smaller and smaller and smaller. You got to go to the grocery store about something like that. Look, you buy everybody in the community the same thing. I thought you had love. I thought you had compassion and understanding on everybody else. Come on. It is not wrong. It is not evil for God to love his children with a special love. It is not sinful for God to care for his own. And then he spills over his mercy over into the book of life and say, "Hey, if you all want to come, y'all come on, too. You may not live in the house, but y'all come on. That's my father." Oh, hallelujah. Notice then the mighty God unveiled for us. Then we find his death, bear, resurrection. He He came on the day of Pentecost as the son of God. Now don't misunderstand me. This is not what happened on Isuza Street. The person came on the day of Pentecost. What they receive on Isuza Street. Oh, they got a baptism. It's evident it was not the same person that came there because they divided, they split, they baptized in titles, they done this, that and the other. You mean the same person and them would tell them to baptize in titles and that person was in Peter and said, "You got to repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ." What happened to that person then? You understand? Now remember the prophet in the early years looked at Isuza Street and called it the restoration. Why? It looked so close that in those early years of his ministry, he looked at the Isusa Street revival and that move and said, "It's the return. It's come back to the earth again." Oh. But when that word started unfolding and unfolding and he started saying, he said, "Oh my Lord, it's not the original. It was the shock. I've been calling I've been calling that thing the bride. I've been calling it the original. Remember when he started to preach the first seal and he said I would have made a horrible mistake today. Why? Because he was calling that white horse rider for years. The Lord Jesus. But when the Lord pulled back that seal, it wasn't the Lord Jesus at all. It was the devil. You imagine how that prophet must have felt. I thank God for his honesty. Don't you? Amen. My notice he came on the day of Pentecost as son of God. God the spirit in the form Holy Ghost. What was he doing? He was changing himself making himself known to his people in a different form. But remember, he promised he'd come back in the form of son of man. I don't want to shake you too much here tonight, but actually the son of man is still here. I said the son of man is still here. We said, "Where is he, brother Donnie?" He's actually right here tonight. He's in his people. He has returned. So justification made way for sanctification. Sanctification made way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Baptism of the Holy Ghost made way for the Holy Ghost himself, the person, the token. You ever wonder why Brother Brandham preached the Holy Ghost series in 1959? Then he comes and preaches the token in 1963. He says it's token time for me for you. Now remember he says when he refers back to preaching that the token he says the whole message coming up to that time was pointing right into that and he kept emphasizing and why people sitting right there in the Brandham tabernacle that had the baptism of the Holy Ghost on their spirit but did not have the token. Why? The token is the personal life. It is not a gift. It's the giver. And Pentecost. Oh, glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. I feel it all over me. Sure, we'll feel it all over us. But you can feel it all over you and still be a devil. Remember Elvis Presley had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And the prophet said you could have the baptism of the Holy Ghost every hour of your life and die lost. But if you ever get that person down in your soul, you ain't going to die lost. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So what's he do? He changes his form. Notice he said what's he doing? He's changing himself. Making himself known to his people in a different form like the Holy Spirit which is God. He came to deal through the church ages as son of God. The Holy Spirit. So he in the millennium he'll be son of David. What is it? same God all the time. But remember between there and the millennium, he promised to come back in the form of son of man. What is the son of man? He says he asked this in the question, who is this son of man? In the beginning was the word and the word was with God. You see, for many around the message, they think the achievement is just having our books and, you know, just listen to tapes and getting the material and getting it in our mind. And you should do that. If you don't, shame on you. But it's not just getting the substance of the message in your head, but getting that person of the Lord Jesus so in your soul that he captures you and you become a prisoner of his own presence and his own will living out of you. Amen. as I mentioned it there in Switzerland that there are uh sisters and young people and teenagers that God will use to express himself out of them in a way that a preacher can never touch it because God has different parts of his word. So he may allow a a young sister and she goes to school and she's laughed at and ridiculed and made fun of or maybe a brother and he would go through something for the cause of the Lord Jesus that a preacher would never have to go through and the same way around the other way. There may be things that a preacher would have to go through but God has allocated certain parts of his word for each of us in our life and nobody else can take your place. So if God called you and put you in a bed to be a businessman and you're to be in contact with this person and that person and another person and then you'll be able to let your light shine before men to people that I will never see. There was people out near the place where we were having the meeting there in a convention center type thing in a hotel. They was just out walking their dog, man and a woman. She had cut hair, had on pants, had on jewelry, this that and the other. And some of the saints was out just taking a walk in the Swiss Alps. Beautiful. Out just deciding to take a walk. Said, "Well, what are you doing?" "Oh, we're up here for a meeting." "Oh, oh, it's a meeting. Yeah, what kind of meeting?" "Well, it's a Bible meeting." "Oh, well, we're Christians." So, you know what? They come up there. First service, Carol, second service, something like that. They couldn't believe it. The things they were hearing, they said, "My Lord, we never heard nothing about this in our life." So, they were staying at the hotel. Guess what? They brought Poochie to church with them. Them and Poochie sat on the outside. At least they didn't bring him in the church. He might have been more reverend, you know, who knows? But they brought him and they showed up there every service thereafter. They wanted the preachers to pray for him. Had all kinds of questions. Who knows? It might have been the last two before the rapture. Hallelujah. It wasn't because I was out there walking. Glory to God. I took my iPads, all three of them. I took my laptop. I took this out, the other. It was just a saint of God walking up and down the don't get in your mind that the only light that will shine in this day is the preacher and the deacon and the trustee. But let your light shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. What is it? The same God that can live in the housewife. It's the same God that lives in the preacher. The same God that lived in the prophet. Brother Tom Ray is giving a testimony about a sister in their church going down the road, driving down the interstate and oh my, this main artery deal right here in her chest split wide open just unraveled. Brother Keith right inside of her body. And they they called 911. Let's pick them up immediately. They take her eight hour surgery, another eight hour surgery, another six-hour surgery. And they were proclaiming an example of the tape there of the service. And a nurse come in and said, "What is that language?" And it was a a tape that they were showing a demonstration there at Cloverdale. And it was showing them how that they do it. And it was some language. Was it turkey carol? Something like that. And that woman walked in and said, "Well, that language who who's saying that?" And that sister just come out of this major major surgeon said, "What are you talking about? This is a service from our church." She said, "Why?" She said, "That's my language. That's the language I speak. That's the language I was born in." I wonder, sometimes we think horrible things happen to us as children of God. But I wonder, I read it to them over there in Switzerland the other day that Brother Brandham said, "Sickness is not always a curse. Sometimes it's a blessing that God's got something he wants to do." I believe if we could realize the steps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord and we think, well, all blessings and all goodness and all peace. But what if he lets you get down sometime so you can be able to understand a little more how much he loves you? What if he lets you get sick, puts you in a doctor's office, let somebody see you, let somebody feel the presence of God, then you have witnessed the power of the resurrected Savior. Oh, thank you, Lord. Notice he says he came to deal through the church ages as son of God, the Holy Spirit. I hope I don't confuse you with this, but there has to be a change before the rapture where it's not just son of God, but son of man. For you see, Abraham saw a brief appearance, the son of man before the body changer. It's evident people could have the son of god baptism for 2,000 years and not produce a rapture. So if we don't have no more than what isa had to be the bearer of bad news but you won't have a rapture either. Nor will I nor will anybody else. Amen. Unless of course he changes his form. Why does he change forms? So he can change yours. Why did he come from his god form to becoming the son form to redeem you? Why does he change forms? It's all about the dispensational truths that he releases. Oh, hallelujah. And I woke up before daylight a few mornings ago laying there in the room. Carol laying there sleeping. I didn't want to get up and and bother her. Oh, but just for a little bit, it was pouring like the streams coming out of heaven. And he was just dealing with me and dealing with me about when God changes dispensationally that he will also change nature to coincide. And I begin to think as he begin to change dispensationally from in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. Then he goes into the form of the Lord God which is God with his family. When he moves into that he begins to deal with what? Nature. So he changes nature, brings it from the lower forms of life and goes to creating higher higher higher changing of the nature identifying a dispensational change. Then a thought about Noah as God was revealing his word and grace in that day. And Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord, a change of the dispensation. And what happened? Nature went right along with the chain. As I land there just for a few minutes, the Lord just started opening all that up and I thought, "Oh my goodness, here we are changing of dispensations again." And what's it going to bring? A change of nature. Watch when the rapture takes place and the world goes into the tribulation period, what is it? Changing of a dispensation, a changing of nature. Oh my, aren't you grateful? Then watch when God changes you dispensationally. Oh, I hope you hear me. Don't you understand? God did not change your seed. God changed you dispensationally. And what happened with you? Nature changed with it. You always was a seed. You didn't become it. ing some of you are still thinking that in your mind. I'm asking you tonight, Rebecca, who are you? You always was a son or daughter of God. Amen. Who did the Holy Ghost fall on on the day of Pentecost? Sons. It didn't fall on them to make them sons. It fell on them because they were sons. Amen. Notice again you read this Hebrews 21. For both he that sanctifith, and they were sanctified or all of what? For which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren, saying, I will declare thy name? Unto my brethren in the midst of the church. You see, God goes to church. Amen. Thomas missed one service. This is one of the greatest church service he ever missed in his life. Jesus showed up. A resurrected body saying, "I will declare thy name unto my brethren. In the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee." Now you realize, probably some of you Bible readers do, that Paul is quoting Psalm 22, verse 22. I will declare thy name unto my brethren in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee. But there's a great mystery that lays here in the title of Psalm 22 verse one. Now if your Bible has the titles of the Psalms, you'll be able to read it here in your Bible. But let me just share it with you. To the chief musician upon Al Jalis Shahar. Al Jalis Shahar, a psalm of David. My God. My God. So people rejoice because of Psalm 23 and oh how they love it. But before there could be a Psalm 23, there had to be a Psalm 22 which was the deaths of the shepherd. In order to get the blessing of the shepherd's life in Psalm 23, there had to be a death of the shepherd in Psalm 22. I want you to listen how prophetic God's word is. So Psalm 21 is a psalm 22 rather of Christ suffering entitled a shahar. This is what it means in the Hebrew, the morning stag. the morning stag. Such a one as the huntman singles out to hunt for that day. Now you imagine when them people read that psalm in the day in the days of David and they thought, "What in the world's the matter with him?" He entitled this psalm about a stag, a deer or elk, whatever you want to call it to where you can relate to it. And and he he calls this the elk for the day. The deer for the day. And they thought, what in the world is the matter with David and then he starts out, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? All thy bones, they stare at me. They pierce my hands and my feet. They gap upon me. The bulls of Bashan and he goes on and on." And the people must have thought, "What in the world's the matter with him? There ain't nobody nashing on him. There ain't nobody." But the spirit of God prophetically had got a hold to David and he entered into such passion. It was as if though it was him being crucified. You imagine when the devil looked at that and he said, "What in the world?" the stag that is singled out to hunt for that day. What is it? The sacrifice for that day on Calvary. And God hid the mystery of Christ where the most inconspicuous of all places, the title. That's why I love titles. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. The rapture, the sudden secret going away of the church, adoption, Holy Ghost series, who is God, attitude toward God. Well, come on, somebody. Amen. Angel of God. Don't you love titles when they're really God-chosen titles? And whatever he displays, so in Psalm 22, the good shepherd gives his life for the sheep. In Psalm 23, he's enters into the in the position. So he's now raised from the dead in Psalm 23 to know the tender care of his sheep. But he had to enter into Psalm 22 before it. In Psalm 24, he's the chief shepherd that appears as the king of glory. Who is this king of glory? The Lord of hosts mighty in battles. 22, 23, 24. And then we had a prophet in this day that said he was going to preach on the rapture. He does not go to what would be apparent sermon titles that you'd go 1 Corinthians 15, 1 Thessalonians 4:16, Matthew 24, but he goes to Psalm 27 and said, I'd like to read for a background. The Lord is my light and the strength of my life. You're going to read that for the background of the rapture. What does the word background mean? Circumstances and events that are taking place or transpiring at a certain time. The Lord is my light and the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? Of whom shall I fear? Sounds like Leodosa to me. Don't you understand what God does? Well, you can identify him in Psalm 22. Can't you can you identify yourself in Psalm 23? I was driving down the road the other day going down to to speak Sister Carol and Butcher's funeral. I didn't have a clue which direction I was going to go. Me and Carol was coming across the Cumberland Plateau coming between Crossful and and Cookville just talking a little bit. We got a little bit silent. While I was the spirit of God come into the car and he started speaking to me and he told me to go this way and to preach Psalm 23 but to insert Sister Carolyn's name. So when I got up and I said the Lord was Sister Carolyn's shepherd and Sister Carolyn didn't want. He led Sister Carolyn beside the still waters. He led her here and he done that. I'll tell you one thing, I bet had me a Holy Ghost spell. And there was all kinds of folks in there by the Helen said they're still requesting that sermon. Did anybody record it? Did anybody record it? People think we're weird and they think we're strange, but when they come to hear our funerals, they say it over and over again. I ain't never heard a funeral like that in my life. That's the kind of church I want to go to. I don't want a regular funeral. I don't want what everybody else has got. I want a funeral that matches my life. I want a gospel that matches who we are. Folks from the home of brother Allen and Sister Carolyn come. He said, "Brother Donnie, it's been the talk of that old folks home for for several days now. They ain't never heard nothing like their life." Well, that's exactly the way it ought to be because we live that kind of a lie. We're not who everybody else is. And we say that by the grace of God. But the stag was hunted that day. What day you talking about? That day on Calvary. That day on Calvary. That stag was hunted so that I could be free. He could not do it in his God form. But he done it in his son form. And he said, "Now you're my thought form, but become my sons and my daughters." Hallelujah. Listen to this in Hebrews and we'll close. Man always fear death. Christ became sin, made low to take death upon himself. And he's not ashamed to be called our brother. I've read several different commentaries from different preachers down through the ages 1600s 1700s 1800s and whenever they poor old guys whenever they go through this about Hebrews said it's blasphemy absent blasphemy if anybody will try to bring Jesus that place of Jesus our brother I think you knuckleheads he said it himself but you say it wasn't given to their age you say brother Donnie why is it so important He has to come down in order to lift you up. As long as you keep keep this magnanimous gap between you and him. I preached it to you over 25 years ago that there's not that much difference between you and him. It's a whole lot closer than what you realize. I feel like speaking French right now or German or something. Oh, hallelujah. He's not ashamed to be called our brother far. He was tempted just like we are tempted to be the right kind of intercessor because he stood the same kind of temptation that you stand. He took your place knowing that you couldn't take it yourself. Christ became sin that you might become righteous. He's the right kind of a chief captain for our salvation because he suffered just like we suffered. He's been tempted just like we're tempted. And he's not ashamed to be called our brother. Believe it or not, this will be close to the last step for some of you. years ago, some of you finally got to a place you could accept him as your savior. You still toyed with the idea, I'm not worthy. I'm not worthy. I'm not worthy. So, you sort of accepted him as your savior. Then you moved on a little bit and accepted him as this and that and the other. But this will be one of the last steps. Oh, he's your great God. He's mighty. Yeah. Yeah. You see what we're doing? Lift him way up. Put him way up. Way up. Way up. Way up. Way beyond our reach. Way beyond our sinking. But before you'll get way up with him, you got to bring him down to where he was. And where he is. God's prophet said, "It ain't no wonder Satan hates this message. It brings Jesus to a place no other preacher ever preached him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The prophet said he suffered sexual temptation. Suffered sexual temptation. Notice right here, he says he suffered just like we suffered. He's been tempted like you've been tempted. And he's not ashamed to be called our brother because he knows what we go through. Oh, blessed be his name. For verily took not on him the form of angels, but he took on him the seed of Abraham. Look, temptation was for him. You know that the Bible said he was tempted in all points like as we are, yet without sin. Does anybody believe these next words? He was tempted by drinking. I've got to be honest with you. I've never been tempted by drinking. No, I haven't. There's lots of things I've never been tempted by. I've just It just It's just never bothered me. I've never been tempted by it. I'm so glad I'm not the example. But Jesus knew he'd have some sons and some daughters that once that alcohol hit their brain and brought them to that ecstatic place, their mind would crave to be there again. They would thirst to get back to that part. It would alter their brain. It would change them. For a drug addict that would ever reach that place with estasier, you know, cocaine or whatever would be and would release the those endorphins inside the body that produced that feelgood feeling. And the body loved that feeling. And the body said, "I want to feel it again. I want to feed it again. And they hunger, they thirst, they'll sell their shoes. They'll sell their babies nearly. They'll sell their body to feel that way again. And turn down the very person that can make you feel greater than alcohol or drugs or anything else can ever make you feel. You've heard brother Daryl talk about excuse me that little sister up in the Eskimo village just a young woman alcoholic aa time after time again no hope but Daryl up there in the meeting God delivered her several years ago excuse He still hears from her. He said, "Brother Daryl, I'm still sober." So Jesus fought drinking. He didn't drink now, but he fought that. Imagine him walking by the wine dispensaries in that day. And the devil said, "You know that would help you. We lift this burden for a while. It will numb your mind and he'll help you. Jesus is a man. Probably would probably help me a little bit. But it's a Satan get behind me. He was tempted by women. He was tempted by everything that could be tempted by. He was tempted by everything we are. He was a man. And yet you couldn't put a mark on him. Praise God. That's who represents me. That's who represents you. Jesus was completely totally man. He could cry like a man. He could eat like a man. He could become like a man. He was completely totally man in his physical being and in his spirit completely totally God. So he made his flesh submissive to the spirit. that was said. Don't you understand? The first one to live an overcoming New Testament life. Praise God. I'm going to say it again. The first one to live an overcoming New Testament life. Nobody in the Old Testament could do that. The spirit of God come on him and left him. Come on him and left him. But it come inside of him and it helped him to bring his flesh subject to that spirit. And he overcome every one of these temptations. How? As a son of God, as a great Elohim, as a man filled with the Holy Ghost. Which leaves every one of us sitting here tonight without excuse. If you want to overcome or you say, "That devil made me do it." Come on. Just face the facts. The devil didn't make you do it. You just didn't want to do it bad enough. You didn't want to just say, "Get away from me, devil. Listen." He was tempted in all manner as we are. He was man, not an angel. He was a man. He had desires and temptations just like would you? The Bible said he was a man, not an angel above temptation. Hebrews 1:4 said he was made lower. Can you imagine? Made lower than the angels. Completely man. That God took a complete man. I love this statement, brother friend. God took a complete man to bring a total deliverance. God didn't take a God, but God took a completely surrendered man. Oh, hallelujah, children. Don't you understand? That's what he's wanting tonight. Sons and daughters of God that are completely surrendered. Brother Wayne preached the first service over in Switzerland. He sent the brothers his scriptures and quotes and things like that the direction he was going to go. A few of us ministers is back in a little room on the side. He walked in a few minutes after the service started. He told brother David Mayer, he said, "I'm sorry. I have to change my sermon." He said, "I walked out of the room apparently. I thought thought something ain't right. Something something just ain't right. I I just can't preach this. Brother David said, "No problem. No problem." So they get back there and they're writing the scriptures down, trying to write the quotes down. Write all that down. When Brother Wayne got up and started preaching, and I thought, "My my bless his heart, Lord." Cuz it was not the type of sermon that you'd want to open up such a convention with. People going to church, honoring pastors, honoring gifts. I mean, just, you know, you're wanting one of them rip tearing. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Third pull theophony. All times of thing. I told him several times after meeting, I said, "Buddy, thank you for following the spirit of God cuz I know you well enough to know that's not the type of sermon you'd like to preach." You see what it is? God's doing the same thing in human beings that he done in him in his own son on the earth. So when it comes my time to preach, I'm pulling back and forth between this direction, that direction. I I I went a certain way. I thought, "Okay, y'all this this right here." I looked I told Carol, she said, "You know what you're going to go?" I don't have a clue. That's the day I'm going to preach. I said, "I've looked at about 60some different sermons. I don't have a clue what I'm going to say." Oh my. But later in the evening, I was sitting there on the bed and the spirit of God just spoke to me. Look right here. So I looked this certain certain place. There it was. Letter's about that big. Or at least that's what how big it looked to me. It was about that big in reality. So I preached on facts versus truth. Person after person after person come to me. Even those that couldn't even speak my language and get an interpreter and say, "Tell him, you know, tell him this. My life is changed forever. I'll never be the same." Don't you see why he wants people doing the same thing that we ourselves saying, "Oh my, oh, you know what? Let us let's go this way." But something won't let us. We say, "No, I I can't I can't go this way." You understand what it is? It's Jesus all over again. Yes, sir. and brought forth Jesus all over again. Let me just share a little something with you. Whenever we were building our place here, I'd put back quite a bit of money for us. So, I had enough money put back to build the gym over here and the Sunday school rooms. Was going to have to make a decision if we're going to build this right here. I said, 'Oh Lord, I I don't want to borrow no money. Oh, man. I don't want to borrow no money. That builder kept pressing me. You going have to make up your mind. Going have to make up your mind. I don't know. I know. I know. The bank want all kind of information. Poor brother Jim Bab, bless his heart, he'll have a great reward in heaven just for putting up with them bankers. Oh, they put him through. They want to know how old you all were, how many of you paid tithe, how many old old people we had in the church. afraid y'all going to die off. I reckon it was the office mess ever was that they put him put him through. And whenever we owed to bar whatever it was, we wind up baring 1.6 1.7 million whatever it was. I was sweating bullets and I come that close to not building it. I thought, well, I can't stand to put the church in that kind of debt. So we'll just we'll have it over there in that building. So in other words, we'll preach on Sunday morning, play basketball on Sunday afternoon. And I thought is, well, let me just go and tell you what I thought. I thought as legal as some of Word of Life Church is, if they do that, they'll quit. They won't even come back. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about it myself. and it come right down to the wire. I had to make a decision. I just kept saying, "Lord, speak to me. Please speak to me. Please tell me. Please tell." Hallelujah. And when I look today backwards and see how close I come to missing God's will for our church, it scares me to death. So, I didn't feel a whirlwind, no thunder, no lightning. All it was was just a little tiny nudge in my heart. Go ahead. I said, "All right, let's go for it." I said, "Did I say that?" But I ask you, can you imagine us tearing down this building now? We don't have this building at all. And as brother Michael and everybody's laying it out, we're just going to make more parking lot out of this. Right, brother Michael? Can you imagine us having church over there tonight? Our banquetss, our youth services. This is what the Lord wanted to give us. And I almost settled for that. Now I ask you, what have you settled for that he wants to give you so much more? And you just say, "No, no, no, no, no, no." You know, and if that's asking too much, Lord, I'll even sure it gets more. I mean, I I don't want to bankrupt you, Lord. Don't worry, you won't. This is his blessing back for millions, listen to me, of dollars that have been sown around the world for his bride. Of all colors, of all tongues, of all nationalities. And God said, "I want to bless you all, and I just about got in the way of your blessing. Aren't you glad I can be led by the spirit of God?" So, what about you? Have you come that close? Or have you come even closer and knocked God off from giving you what he wants you to have? Oh my. You know, jealousy is a cruel thing. And I'm going to be honest with you tonight and open up an element about myself that I've I share with very very few people. I've asked God in the past, please stop blessing me, please don't give me more understanding of your word. Please just let there be a catch-up. Just just quit. Just don't. It's causing too much trouble. People think it's such a great thing when God blesses you. There is such a cost. But guess what? I ain't said that in a long time. And I have no plans from this time on ever saying it again. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of being what people want us to be. So I say, "Pour it out, Lord. [Applause] Hallelujah. He wants to bless me with revelation. Do it. He wants to bless our church. Do it. He wants to bless my life, your life, do it, Lord. People's going to be jealous. They're going to talk about you. They're going to run you down anyway. I figure they don't need displeasing both God and them. So, I choose to displease them. Just let God do whatever he wants to do with our life. Use us, Lord. And the church said, "Do you want to see who you are, or are you afraid?" Well, what will people say? How much were held back by that? I know I've been held back by it, too. And I'm sick of it. Finally, I can say it with all of my soul. I want to be what my God wants me to be. Little or small, it matters not at all. If I can bring him glory despite the pain, despite the shame, if I can bring honor to his blessed name. For this cause I was chosen. For this cause I will be true. For this purpose I was ordained. And if your bride, so are you. So don't let people stop you or slow you down. Let God's peace and God's blessing be all around. For one day his shakina will change your mortality. in the image of the Almighty. For with him will be for eternity. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's pray together. My Lord Jesus, I thank you that your grace overrode my fears. My father, you know how many prayers I prayed over this move? Preachers were saying that we would lose half our church and there'd be this split and that split. Of course, they were waiting for that half to come their way. People said one thing and another. Lord, we're tired. We are tired of worrying over people. People will hinder us. They'll slow us down. If David would have listened to his brothers, probably if David would have listened to David, David would have never killed Goliath. And that story would have never been written. Hallelujah. I love it, Lord. He said, "Let me repreach it there in Switzerland." And the prophet of God said that David went out there bouncing toward Goliath, dancing at Little Holy Roller. And he was dancing before the victory ever come. Praise God. Lord, we don't even dance after the victor's been here for 6 months, but we want to be so loose and so free in your presence that we can praise, we can glorify, we can honor while we're still in the heat of the battle. Cuz as brother Tom Ray said it, it's done before it's done. It's done before it's done. Because faith says it's done before realities declare it's done. Hallelujah. That's the kind of people we want to be. That's the kind of church we want to be. Our healing is done before we ever get it. Hallelujah. We're already translated into the kingdom of his dear son. Or we're still here in mortal realm cuz that's the way you were. No man has come down from heaven say he which is from heaven even the son of man which is in heaven. What a peculiar statement for a man that was standing there right on the earth saying he was on the earth and heaven at the same time. I know a little bit about that feeling. So does every Holy Ghost fil child of God here tonight cuz we're set to roam in heavenly places in Christ Jesus while our earthly feet are still touching this globe that we live upon. Lord God, may we not be limited, oh Jesus, by people. May we not be limited by message critics that'll criticize this and criticize that. And that's what a lot of people stream us and a lot of folks other other preachers for is to only pick. Let them pick until they pick their brains out. But God, I'm sick and tired of pleasing people. We ain't interested in doing what this one wants and that one wants. Lord God, we want to please you. We want to worship you. Lord, take us into realms that we've never walked before. And we know you'll never leave your word. Never one time. And we we can always judge the spirit, but that's leading us cuz it'll never lead us away from the word of God. Oh, we worship you tonight, Jesus. We worship you tonight, Lord. Father, with a balanced revelation, we can say it this way. Who are we? By facts, we're people who make mistakes. By facts, people who fall short of the glory of God. By facts, people with nervousness, anxiety, all other kind of things that we could say, well, the facts are against you. That may be so. The facts may be stacked up against us right now, but the Lord is on our side. So, the facts are we're humans and we make mistakes. The facts are we're faulty, but the truth is we're forgiven. The facts are we're human beings and we fall short every day. But the truth is those who he has called, he has already justified. Those he has justified, he is already glorified. Hallelujah. The truth is he has already translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. The facts is we need more of God. But the truth is you see us already finished in the presence of God. We love you tonight, Lord. May we not just get our eyes on facts, but may we keep our eyes on the truth of the word of God. We love you, Lord. We know people have pulled away from this message because of the so-called facts. Brother Brandon would tell this story in this tape and tell a little bit different over there and they say, "Well, the facts don't line up." Well, he told this story here and told this one there. The facts don't line up. Well, that may be the truth, but he was still a prophet of God. So, we're not just looking at natural facts tonight. The facts are one of the writers said you had on a purple robe and another one said you had on a scarlet robe which are not the same thing. One of the writers said you took of that hissup and the other writer said you didn't. Oh hallelujah. Uhhuh. Let's discuss facts. But the truth is, you're the mighty God, the everlasting father, the first and the last, the alpha and the omega. None of those things stumble your children, Lord. Hallelujah. We worship you tonight, Lord God. Praise your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Can we just lift our hands in the presence of the Lord? Harry, sang a little something for us. And we just worship him a little bit before we go. I'm not going to hold you much longer, but let's just take a few moments in the presence of God. Hallelujah. Lead me, Lord, I'll follow. Hallelujah. Anywhere you open up the door. Oh yes. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Your word speak to me. Speak to me, Lord God. Show me things I've never seen [Music] before. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make and make it right. Make it right my oh star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the [Music] night. We worship you Jesus. Sing it here. We worship you, Jesus. Now, let's just worship him together as she sings it. Just let that word flow through your heart. Oh, shine through us, Jesus. Hallelujah. Rose, share, show me how beauty in God. [Music] Oh, there is 10,000 make a reflection of your [Music] love. Shine down on me. Let your love shine through in the night. Everybody [Music] now [Music] lead. Let your word speak through me. Show me things, Lord. that have never even seen [Music] before. Lord, I want to be a witness. I want to be a light. I want to be a preacher that'll preach the truth. Lord, baby, help me. Help me to guide your people, [Applause] [Music] Lord. Jesus, shine down on me. It [Music] sure. Hallelujah. Mercy. I see a world that's dying. I see this world dying. Wounded by the master of the sea. And think of it. We at one time were under that deceit. Oh, that rope in the darkness haunted by last [Music] [Music] defection in your eyes. My great day star shine shine down on me. Just shine through me in this dark night. [Applause] Everybody leave me Lord. I'll follow any way you open up the [Music] door. Lord God, this is my desire. Let your words speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. [Music] I want to be your witnesses. You can take what's wrong and make it all right. Make it like my own. They shall shine down on me. Let your love shine. Say that verse for us again, Harry. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I sing it standing. Lord, I see a world that's dying. Thank where they are. Children wounded by the master of deceit. Oh my God. That's where it would be tonight were not for your grace. Lord, [Music] groping in the darkness. Haunted by the years of past defeat. Oh my Lord. Then I see standing you alone shining with compassion in your eyes. [Music] I pray they star shine down on me. Everybody now with all your heart shine for hallelujah. [Music] Oh, lead me, Lord. I'll follow you. Anywhere you open up [Music] the Let your words be I never seen before. [Music] Lord, I want to be your witness. You can show you can take what's wrong and make it right. You can make star shine down on me and let your love shine through me. Lord, I want to be your witness. Sing it again. Hallelujah. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. Please make your right. Star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me. Day star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me. Day star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Well, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon that cross. I know it was the blood for me. Everybody now. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for you and me. One day when I was wrong, he died upon the cross and know it was the blood for me. Sing it like this. Well, he's coming back again. He's coming back again. He's coming back again for you and me. One day when I was lost, he died upon that cross. And he's coming back again for you and me. I know it was the blood. Well, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the moon. I know it was the blood for me. The devil don't like no shouting around here. About six months ago, I was down in the basement been playing preaching sermons and I'll place preaching sermons and then I'll break for a bit and I'll play songs, gospel songs. So, I sang this song that I had on one of my playlist and one of the verses with the song was, "If you had not come, I would have died and went to hell." So I just followed the words of the song along and said, "Lord," I just raised my eyes to him. I said, "Lord, if you had not come, I would have died and went to hell." He said, "You would not. I went to hell so you wouldn't have to." I can hear hellfire preached every night. Don't scare me. Cuz hell ain't my home. Hallelujah. Sing for us. Let's sing a little bit and we'll let you go. Ain't it been good to be in the house of the Lord? Praise God. Well, the devil don't like what's going on around here. Come on. You got your Pentecostals. Devil don't like what's calling on around here. But guess what? We don't care what the devil don't like. We going to praise our God tonight. The devil don't like what's going on around here. Come on, clap them in hand. Don't like us shouting loud around here. Well, I tried to like shout loud around here. Well, we don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to shout with all our might. The devil don't like us shouting around. Well, the devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, the devil don't like us praising God around [Music] here. And we don't care what the devil don't like. Want to praise our God with all of our might. The devil don't like us. Praise the [Music] God. I told him in Switzerland, I wonder if the story but had a different meaning. Sister had writing them was there in the house and brother Brandon was saying what he's supposed to say and the others were saying what they were supposed to say. And I wonder what would have happened if sister had just nodded her head and should look straight at brother Brandham and just nodded her head. Wonder if the outcome would be the same. But you know what, brother Benham turned when she said what she said and he said, "Sister Hattie, you said the right thing. Nod your head. That's all good. But the Bible tells you to clap your hands. The Bible tells you to sing and shout." Amen. And praise the Lord. Right? Yeah. So, when the Bible tells you to shout and you nod your head, wonder if that works. You know what we're doing? We're assurping what we think over what God said. God wants us to praise him. And he don't want you to just do it here. Let's sing it again. What about it, little Hattie? Y'all going to nod or you going to say something? God give you them hands. Brother Bram said he wanted to play an instrument, but he said God wouldn't let him. But he said then he found out that God let him play a 10 stringed instrument. Here they are. Here's your 10 strings. So what do what do you say we get them all tuned up here tonight and let's help these brothers make music to the Lord. Let's sing a little bit before we go. I'll let you go. This is more important. stand outside talking about your business and what you ate for supper and all that. Anyway, let's give him a little bit of loving before we go, shall [Applause] [Music] [Applause] we? Well, the devil don't like us clapping our hands around here. Well, the devil don't like us clapping our hands around here. But we don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to clap our hands with all of our might. The devil don't like us clapping our hands around here. Well, the devil don't like us dancing in the spirit around here. Glory. The devil don't like us dancing around here. But we don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to dance before the Lord with all of our might. The devil don't like us dancing and shouting around here. See you Sunday saints going to build God. Around here. Oh, the devil don't like what's going on around here. We don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to praise God with all our might. The devil don't like what's going on around here. Well, the devil don't like us shouting loud around [Music] here. Well, the devil don't like us shouting loud around here. But we don't care what the devil don't like. We're going to shout with all our might. The devil don't like us shouting loud around here. Don't like what's going on around here. Well, the devil don't like what's going on around here. We don't care what the devil don't like. We going to praise with all our might. The devil don't like what's going on around here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
