################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-03 - The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.80 - 08/03/2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-03
Title:   The Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.80 - 08/03/2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVp9BPLZy2k
========================================

[Music] [Music] Okay. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yes. Until then, my heart will go on singing. Yes. Until then, with joy I'll carry on until the day. Mine eyes behold that city. Until the day God calls me home. Yes. Until then, sing it now. My heart will go on singing. [Music] Oh, that's right. Until the day my eyes behold that city until the day God calls me home. My heart can sing when I pause to remember [Music] a heartache here. It's just a stepping stone along the trail. That's winding always upward. I'm so glad this troubled world is not our final home. But until then, sing it. My heart will go on singing. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord till then with joy I'll carry on. Oh, sing it if you made it from your heart. the day my eyes behold. Praise the Lord. [Music] Until the day God calls. I like this second verse right here. These things of earth, they're going to dim and lose their value. If we recall, they're just borrowed for a while. And things of earth that cause our heart to tremble remembered there. They'll only bring a smile. And until then, my heart will go on sing. And until then, with joy, we're going to carry on until the day. Mine eyes behold that city. until the day God calls me home. Amen. Say amen if you believe me with all your heart. Praise the Lord. Give him a good hand. Clap of praise this morning. [Music] Amen. What is there to do but just to keep carrying on? Amen. &gt;&gt; If you left here, where would you go? &gt;&gt; If you didn't believe this message, what would you believe? &gt;&gt; I wouldn't believe nothing. That's what I'd believe. I'd believe absolutely nothing if I didn't believe this truth. I'm so glad God has revealed something to us that's steadfast and sure. &gt;&gt; It'll never fail. The word of God will never fail. Do you believe that with all your heart? Give him another good hand clap of praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, it's Sunday morning and we're glad you're here. If we have any visitors with us today, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you with us in this service. Trust you just feel right at home. Make yourself at home. We'll be as good to you as you'll let us be. And if we're if we don't, you just let somebody know and we'll have brother D to take care of them. Amen. And to all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say we welcome those folks as well. They're part of this service today, too. Let's give all those folks a good hand this morning, if you will. Praise the Lord. Now, look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him in the house of God this morning. Now, some of you ain't glad to see nobody because you ain't said nothing. Look at your neighbor, tell them you're glad to see him in the house of the Lord. It's good to see all of you in the house of the Lord, boys. Journal. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just so good to be able to come to the house of the Lord. God has given us another opportunity to come and worship him in spirit and in truth. Now, I I wasn't able to be here on on Friday night, but I understand it was quite a success, a good turnout, and we want to say all that participated, all that made that happen. Uh you're very much appreciated, and I thank everybody that was here, according to what I've been hearing, they really enjoyed it. And well, we just appreciate the the effort and the work. You know, you stand still long enough, you won't want to do nothing. But if you keep moving and keep going, it'll be all right. Amen. That's why I try to work a little bit cuz I know if I sit down, I'm done for. And you are, too. Don't look at me like I'm the only one. Some of you old people, you're done, too, if you sit down. So, let's all let's all just keep going. &gt;&gt; Give the Lord one more good hand clap of praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to look at a prayer request this morning. Brother Jim Hughes from Virginia called in need of prayer for he and his family. Also, he's experiencing severe pain caused by a cyst on one of his hands, recovering from a carpal tunnel surgery on the other. Brother Jim's wife's also dealing with severe pain in her legs and hips. Brother Jim's son Brandon has kidney stones that are causing him pain and discomfort. Also, his daughter-in-law named Angie Gentry is dealing with leg pain from a recent surgery. Your prayers are greatly appreciated. So we want to remember those folks today. Brother Terry Stockton says requesting prayer for a nerve block procedure that I have tomorrow at the VA. Also I have an unspoken prayer request for a family member in Kentucky on for on Monday. Really appreciate my church family, brother Terry Stockton. So we just want to commit that unto the Lord. Brother Gary wants us to remember his daughter Paula in prayer suffering from pancreatitis and a lot of pain. So we want to remember Paula as we pray today. Brother Steve Bright says, "I'm requesting prayer for a kidney stone attack." So, we want to remember him as we pray today. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is requesting prayer for her friend Pamela Cook, her granddaughter Elelliana Marie, and Susan Albbright, and her family. She also has an important unspoken prayer request is asking for traveling mercy. So, let's remember that. Sister Barbara Grley had severe pain in the back of her neck. went to the ER, X-ray, CT scan, asked for prayer from brother Donnie, the saints here at the church, and the pain left. She wants to praise the Lord for that. Please pray for brother David Gadman, precious minister for brother Homer Longorius, who had his part of his colon removed. Uh pray that there would be not be any cancer found. So, we want to remember that prayer request. Brother John Taylor and his wife from New York want to thank everyone for praying for their daughter Emily as she dealt with the loss of her husband with the help of the Lord. She is doing much better and they're greatly encouraged. Also that her their oldest daughter has a very close friend that is dealing with uh breast cancer is not responding to treatment well at all. She also suffers from Crohn's disease and some major thyroid issues which prevents her from working. The doctors have given her a poor prognosis, but they are entrusting the great physician to move on her behalf. Thank you for your prayer. So, we just commit that unto the Lord. Uh Fred Walton, stage 4 cancer, and Britney Walton. We'll remember those folks in prayer. Brother Randy sends that in. And today, according to Sister Jennifer, if you if you could, Brother Steve Newsome could receive visitors today. He's in the Sycamore Scholes Hospital, uh, room 313. So, if you could go by and just say hey to him and let him know you're thinking about him, I'm certain that that family would would appreciate that very much. All the unspoken prayer requests, I know there's great needs among us today. Aren't you glad we're serving a risen savior? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Let's sing that last verse of that of that song if you will. This weery world with all its toll and struggle may take its toll of misery and stri. The soul of a man, it's like a mighty eagle when it's released. It's destined for the sky. And until my heart will go on singing, thank you, Lord. And until then, &gt;&gt; praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Joy I'll carry on. [Music] Malachi pray. Oh, until the day God calls me home one more time. And until then, my heart will go on sing. Yes, until then with joy we're going to carry on until the day. My eyes behold that city. until the day God calls me home. [Music] Amen. Let's help brother Malachi pray today. Appreciate our brother, don't we? We love you, buddy. Amen. Let's just take these prayer requests to the Lord. Dear Lord, how we thank you once again to come into your house, into your presence, Lord. And Lord, we know no doubt that you're here. And Lord, we can't remember all these prayer requests and the ones that are unspoken. Lord, we have no idea what the needs are here today, but Lord, we're so happy to know that you know every need that's within our hearts, Lord. Even the ones that we don't know how to express off of it, Lord. I just pray that you would just help us, Lord. And we will always give you the glory and praise that you deserve. I pray that you would feel welcome to come here today. May the atmosphere be set for the ministry to come and just be something be said to help us, Lord, in this evil day. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother. Appreciate you, brother. God bless you. Amen. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we'll receive the morning tithe and offering. Once again, all of you that's here today, we want to say, God bless you. Glad you're here. How many of you enjoyed service your Wednesday night? &gt;&gt; Wasn't the word of the Lord good? It &gt;&gt; was wonderful, wasn't it? Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing a song this morning. Won't it be wonderful there? We're having a pretty good time getting there, too, aren't we? Amen. We're living right here in the middle of Satan's Eden, but we're having a good time serving the Lord Jesus. Right. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Somebody say, "Hallelujah." Give him another good hand clap of praise this morning. When with the Savior we enter the glory land, won't it be wonderful there? Ending in the troubles and tears of the story land. Won't it be wonderful there? Won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously sing with heart bells all ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? Walking and talking with Christ as a mortal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Praising, adoring the matchless, eternal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously sing with heart bells all ring. Won't it be wonderful there? There where the tempest will never be sweeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Sure that forever the Lord will be keeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Won't it be wonderful there? having no burdens to bear. Singers if you'll come joyously sing with heart bells already. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh now won't it be wonderful there having no burdens to bear joyously sing with heart bells all ring. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, now won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously sing with heart bells all ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? Give our singers a nice hand as you're seated today. A very dear friend and wonderful Christian brother asked me to sing this song and the rest of y'all have to pay for it. Sorry about that. Yes. [Music] My soul in sad exile out on lies sea. So burdened with sin and distressed till I heard his sweet voice say, "I made you my choice and I entered that haven of rest. I anchor my soul in the haven. I'll sail those white seas no more. Though the tempest may sweet or the wild stormy deep in Jesus I'm safe. [Music] yielded myself to his tender embrace and faith taking hold of the world. My feathers fell off and I anchored my soul. The haven of rest is my Lord. [Music] I my soul since the Lord made me whole. has been the old story. [Applause] of Jesus who save whoever will have a home in the haven of rest. [Applause] [Music] I anchored my soul in that haven of rest. I'll sh no more. The heavens may see the wild stormy deep. But in Jesus I save ever more. Oh, come to the Savior. He patiently waits to save by his power divine. Come anchor your soul in that haven of grace. and save my beloved is I my soul in the haven [Music] I'll s the white seas no Oh, sweet for the wild stormy in Jesus. I'm safe ever more. [Music] The t may see for the wild stormy redee in Jesus I'm safe ever more in Jesus I'm safe ever more. [Music] [Applause] How can I say thanks for the things that you've done for me? things so undeserved. Yet you gave to prove your love to me. The voices of a million angels could not express my gratitude. All that I am and ever hope to be. I I owe it all to thee. Now, how can I say thanks for the things that you've done for me? Things so undeserved. Yet you gave to prove your love to me. The voices [Music] of a million angels [Music] could not express my gratitude. All that I am, Father, and ever hope to be, [Music] I owe it all to thee. With your love, your blood, you have saved me. With your power you have raised me to God be the glory. for the things you have done. With your love, you have encourage me. And in your death, you have redeemed me. To God be the glory for the things you have done. [Music] How can I say thanks for the things that you've done for me. Things so undeserved, yet you gave to prove your undying love for me. The voices of a million angels [Music] could not express my gratitude. All that I am and ever hope to be. [Music] I I owe it all to thee. Amen. Amen. I forgot the other one. Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful? Amen. Praise the Lord. I had one more I wanted to Amen. I've had some good days. [Music] I've had some heels to climb. I've had some weary days and some sleepless nights. But when I I look around and I think things over all of my good days, you know what they do? They outweigh my bad days. So I I won't complain. You see the Lord, he's been so good to me. Though sometimes through weary eyes, I cannot see. So I just say thank you, Lord. And I I won't complain. You know the Lord, he knows what's best for me. Through my tearfilled eyes. Sometimes I cannot see. So I'll just say thank you, Lord. I lift my hands and say, "You know what's best, Lord." Oh, and I I won't complain. [Music] [Applause] And brother Joel keeps practicing. They'll sing good one of these days. Amen. We love those folks, don't we? Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's stand to our feet if you will. Let's sing a little chorus this morning. It's joy unspeakable and full of glory. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "It's a truth. Somebody say, "It's really the truth." Give him another good hand clap of praise this morning. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory, full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. and the half has never yet been told. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full. Oh, say it. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. And the half has never yet been told. One more time. It is joy unspeakable and full full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable. Full of glory. And the h has never yet been told. Got to sing it again. It is joy unspeakable. It's full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It's joy. I see. Glorable. Is it full of glory? It is joy unspeakable of glory and love has never yet. Oh, it is joy unspeakable. Full of glory, full of glory. It's full of glory. Joy unspeakable and hope of glory and has never yet been told. Go ahead and give him a wonderful hand. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Isn't it such an awesome privilege to be a Christian to serve the Lord? God bless. You can be seated for a couple of minutes. We got a little baby to dedicate today. Brother Josiah and Sister Haven. If they bring a little baby girl, we'll dedicate her to the Lord today. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from fields of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. brings our little ones to Jesus. Praise the Lord. What a little angel. Y'all think that when she's keeping you up at five or six hours during the night trying to pray about it, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads together. Dear Jesus, how we thank you, Lord, for another little gift, treasure sent down from heaven. Dear God, I pray today that you would just be with my brother and sister as they embark on this new journey. &gt;&gt; Don't seem like it's been that long ago that they were just a little boy and girl when I first met their mom and daddy. And now, Lord, here they are married and got their own little child. And it's true that time waits on none of us. And Lord, it's it's an honor for us whenever you've committed such to our keeping, but also what an awesome responsibility. Help my sister that she can be exactly what we've been taught in the word, that she's to be that fifth gospel. help my brother to be able to influence his little daughter in the right way. We know that the father's influence upon a girl can have such an impact even on the kind of husband that she will choose, the kind of man that she will look for, the kind of man that will fulfill her dreams. So both of them together, they want to bring themselves, not only their little girl, but themselves with her before you today. I pray, Father, that you'd be with them and strengthen them. I pray for Lily, Lord, that you'd be with her. If she would be able to live and time would go on to where she would know right from wrong. May the spirit of God touch her heart. May her heart be tender toward you, Lord, that she can be able to give her life to you. We dedicate her to you today, Father, for a life of service. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we ask. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, she woke up about right about when you get done preaching. &gt;&gt; Congratulations, Y'all can just go ahead and tell me whenever I get intolerable and I will step down. I mean, you know, if I put everybody to sleep the way I do the babies. Let's stand together. But until you do, I'm going to go ahead and preach. &gt;&gt; Okay, just long as we had that understanding. Let's turn today to second Peter chapter 1 verse two again. how blessed I have been personally by looking at these great great passages of scripture. Once again, I've dealt with this difference of times, of course, um, in my ministry since I've been in the message, and I've been blessed every time that I've ever looked at it. But I don't mind telling you, I've been so blessed this time because I can see certainly see the need since the last time that I dealt with this to the statue of a perfect man. I knew we needed it then, but as times went on, oh, I realize how much more we need it now. And what's a great thing about it is we don't just need it, we're going to get it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; By the help of the Lord. I have that much confidence in him. I can't say I got that much in you or that much in me cuz I know how rotten our old stinking flesh is. But I have confidence in his word. &gt;&gt; He would never put it in his Bible if somebody was not going to fulfill it. &gt;&gt; I figure I'm going to fulfill scripture one way or the other. &gt;&gt; So I'm going to choose the ones I want to fulfill. &gt;&gt; That's right. People's going to go to hell. You want to fulfill that? Not me. There's going to be repbates. You going to fulfill that? Not me. There's going to be children of God. That's the one I want. There's going to be people going to rapture. That's the ones I want. &gt;&gt; So, let's read it together now. And as we read, keep in mind that we are reading from the book that was written by a man that was very flighty, constantly making a fool of himself. Uh Peter was like many of us. The only time he opened his mouth was to change feet. &gt;&gt; And look what God did with him. &gt;&gt; So remember now when we read this, we're not talking about an archbishop or some dascese somewhere, some perfect man that was without fault. But we're talking about a man that had so many issues in his own life. So he's able to write of what God had done in him as well. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power hath given us all things, all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Wow. And here I was taught for years of my life it come through an apple. &gt;&gt; The Bible tells us plainly how it came. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and a brotherly kindness, charity. Before we pray today, how many like to be remembered before the Lord, Carol wasn't able to be with us today as we was backing out of the driveway to come to church. She got really sick, nauseated like and um she went back in the house and I just checked on her bit before I come out and she's really not feeling good today really sickly. I believe the Lord can touch her, don't you? &gt;&gt; And all of your needs as well. So, let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, we are so honored today to be in your presence, dear God, to realize that every one of us one day are going to stand before you. I do not want to stand there on my own merits. I do not want to stand there on any works, anything that I could ever do. I don't want to stand before you because of my preaching or because of my hospital visits or anything in this world that I could ever do. I will need the greatest representation that could ever be given to a mortal and it is not our works. I'm so grateful to know that when we stand before you that day that you have made a way for us, Lord. And we believe once the way is made and then we start walking in the way that there's a journey to be completed. And then we know that this is the stature that you're wanting to build in your people. So, Father, as we look into your word today, help us. We know church is is something that's very unique. It's not like going to a store. It's not like going fishing. It's not like going to a favorite pastime to where it's all hoopla and rejoicing and this and that. We do. We do rejoice. Yes. But this is more serious than that. We come, Father, that we can hear our shortcomings, our failures, that we can hear the word of God coming forth as a measuring rod and measure where we are. And by that, we can know where we need to go. So, we're praying you'd help us today. Lord Jesus, I pray for the hands that were uplifted, the needs they signified. Lord, we agree together today that you're going to move for Carol. You see this nausea, Lord, and just so sick that she didn't feel like coming to church today. And as a body of believers, we command that devil to back away from her. Satan, you're a liar. You're defeated in the name of Jesus. bring healing to her body today, Lord. Speak to us your words of life in Jesus name. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, church. You may be seated. It's amazing to me that God would choose such things as he did to be able to add to people's lives that would make them superhuman. Now, having been raised in a home uh whenever I was a kid to where that we had television and I watched all kinds of superheroes. So, there was Batman and Superman and all different ones like that. Maybe many of you saw the same ones or you read the comic books. And isn't there something about us as human beings that we actually look for that type of figure? Someone who is, you know, above and beyond the average person that would be able to be someone that we could all look up to. And we think by them they could go into a telephone booth and change their clothes and come out and solve all issues. and they can come in and save the damsel in distress. And uh you know, you realize that they're not going to get killed because you're only watching part three of a 38-part series. So, you know, they got to live through the rest of it. So, it's not realistic though. It's not They never are going to project, and that's the power of Hollywood, that they want to put something before us. I heard it. I heard it the other day and they were talking about trying to bring some legislation into our nation because they have found out by studies and by relating physical or psychotherapists and different ones that have dealt with some of our youth and this day. and they're hearing it over and over again, especially from young ladies that social media is so affecting their upbringing. It's affecting how they look at others, how they look at themselves. And they're tying the increased um of number of suicides, especially with young girls. And over and over again, as I listened to it, I thought, what a sad thing that we're living. And they are toying around and kind of putting it back and forth before legislators that they would set it at the age of 16 or 18 or whatever more that our our young people would not be able to even have access to the internet and a lot of things like that because they're finding out with psychiatrists and these people that are trying to treat them that it's affecting them in such a negative way. And you think that putting something before people as they are young as I saw a clip yesterday on YouTube and it was in a church, a gospel church so-called and there was a woman sitting on the altar there with the steps and she was the pastor, however that can be since God's word don't ordain it. But she was sitting there and she had a long robe on and and had a wrap around her neck with the the colors of the rainbow. And then they had the rainbows draped up behind it. And they were having a little children's service. And there was another teacher there sitting by her. And she went to the book of Genesis, of course, and talking about God and his great mercy and and God gave the rainbow covenant. And all these little kids were sitting on the first two or three rows. And she asked those little children. Now she said, "How many knows that there's other symbols that God has used the rainbow for?" And all them little kids was raising their hand. And she started asking them, "So what what does God mean for the rainbow to be?" And you're with these little children now, the size of ours, Sunday school age. And they were answering these perverts as they were sitting there in a denominational church in America and saying gay rights, lesbian, LGBTQ, yo, you know, whatever more all they going to. And I thought if the Lord tries, how many of them will turn out to be just like them perverts sitting there in front of them? Why? This is why Satan wants to not just keep that thing out here in the world. He wants to bring it inside the church. And remember, it was Lot that the Sodommites knocked on his door, &gt;&gt; not on Abraham's. So, Satan knows exactly what it is to put an image before people that they will psychologically attach to that image. And if it ties with something within their soul, then they want to become or at least tolerate that image that they see. So this is why a lot of the churches are having these drag shows as they call it and they're doing it before churches. So they have their fall festivals and all their gatherings and they will have one drag queen after another after another. I wonder how those drag queens will be will be feeling when the angels drag them and hang them over hell and cast them into the lake of fire. Preach it now. Oh, I imagine their drag won't be worth too much then, will you? &gt;&gt; But you see, there's something about it. Satan knows it. He did it years ago in the land of the Canaanites by having them to worship Kimosh. Having them to worship the god sin, having them to worship all the gods and raise their children up under the oposes of that then they would turn out to be even worse than their parents were. So this is in turn why God told the children of Israel, teach your children these principles, these laws, these precepts that I've given them. Why? Because God knew also by keeping that before your children, it can have a great influence on what they become in life. You remember the story that the prophet told us about a family of seven sons and these brothers were raised in the same house and every one of them wind up going to become sailors and they wondered why. And one day walking into the room, someone notices it. And here is this picture on the wall of a frigot or whatever it was, a a naval ship, and they begin to realize it was that influence of those young men that they had that image there projected to them. But you know, God also, he was the original one of course from this. For we know that the Bible tells us in the book of Genesis, in the beginning when God made them, God made them male and female as he created them and he called their name Adam. And God projected the spiritual man that he made in Genesis 1 into a body of dust or clay into the man of Genesis 2. And in the image of God created he them. So God knew there was something about putting an image before human beings that affects their life. Now this is why people want to water down and modify the image of the Lord Jesus Christ in the day we live in. So theologians will get in the pull pit. They'll get on their podcast. They'll do their radio broadcast, television, whatever it is, and they're not only trying to change your image, but they want to change the image of God in your mind. So, they water him down. They weaken him down. And somehow they project to you and I that God was in the Old Testament mean and wicked and God required of a lot of people. But in the New Testament, God got saved and God got rid of rid of his bad old temper and God got so much love and God found so much mercy. So what God told the children of Israel to stone people for which was sodomy. Now God in the New Testament says it's okay. It don't bother me no more. I got I I got saved. I went down to an altar and I give my heart to whoever God would give his heart to and I I got saved. Now I told the children of Israel that if they found a sodomite in their days, put them outside the gate, pick up stones and hit them on the head until dead. &gt;&gt; Oh, but I got saved. So now I'm okay with men, women. I'm okay with gay pastors. I'm okay. Now what do they do? They change the image of God into a man-made image and they start putting it before their people. Now where do them preachers get it at? In some cemetery I I mean seminary that they go to. Oh, aren't you glad your pastor didn't attend such a seminary? &gt;&gt; But then now we don't want to just strike on that negative side. But there is also a positive side to the exact same concept which come of course from the presence of God and that is that we also do likewise but we just don't use the same images but I'm doing the same thing every time I preach to you. I'm putting an image of whatever it is the Lord puts on my heart to bring to you. I'm putting an image before you. Now I can work under both laws of the laws of life and the laws of death of the law of light and the law of darkness. So I will use contrast as any preacher does and I will put before you those who fall and those who didn't follow that image and then I will also put before you the positive side of those who followed in the image, the projected image of what God had for the day and show you both of their end results. And then you have to ultimately choose which path you desire to go. Quite simple, really, isn't it? So, you know, whenever we look at what God is doing, well, brother Donnie, how are we going to know the difference between the bride and the church? That's really not that hard, actually. All we have to do is find the original image of God in his word and then see what preachers and what churches are preaching that image. Well, that's a pretty good answer right there. And that would let you know then whether that church you're attending or that preacher that you're listening to is actually from God or from the devil. Because if he's projecting and changing the image of God, then you know that God is immutable and God is unchangeable in his ways. So you are sitting under a false prophet that's going to damn your soul to hell along with his own because God is perfect. And if we believe that God does not need changing, &gt;&gt; we do. &gt;&gt; Can anybody say amen? &gt;&gt; So now saying of of this word that God wanted Peter to write. Now why did God use Peter to write this instead of Paul? Why did God use Peter to write this instead of John? Peter was not even a prophet. Paul was a prophet of the age and John was a prophet of the apocalypse. But yet Peter was not even a prophet in that sense. And Paul had to actually rebuke Peter. Notice again as we see that instance to where Peter was fellowshipping with the Gentiles. And yet when some of the brothers come from James up at the he was the pastor of the church in Jerusalem. And whenever they come from James and then Peter you know become two-faced. Amen brother Donnie. And Peter kind of pulled away from the Gentiles because he knew that the brothers from Jerusalem would be really offended. Now remember, it's in the transitory time from God just dealing with the Jews only into the merging of the Jews and the Gentiles. And some of the Jews were still having a hard time accepting Gentile brothers on the same basis that they were. Right. &gt;&gt; So Peter when he saw the Gentiles there there and he had fellowship. Oh my praise God eating together and man they'd have church together. He would see the Holy Ghost fall on them just like he did the Jews. He thought this is absolutely awesome. I didn't realize this is what Jesus meant when he said I have sheep which are not of this foe. No doubt different things come back to his mind by the Holy Ghost. But Peter got under peer pressure. Boy don't it happen. And it wasn't peer pressure from drunks and lards and horongers and thieves. It was peer pressure from religious people from Jerusalem which is headquarters. Oh my. Then what did they do when they come around? Peter got underneath that influence and then Peter kind of pulled himself away from them gentile brothers and Paul saw it. Now remember Peter was with Jesus personally. He hunted with him as we'd say. He laid down beside him or near him while there for three and a half years. He ate meals with him. He talked with him. He done all of these things personally. And he could say to Paul, "You wasn't even there. I was." He himself baptized me, never baptized you. Oh, he could say all kinds of things in the flesh. But you know what? Paul realized his position. So Paul actually rebuked Peter in this stage of his journey. Oh my. And said some pretty harsh words to Peter. You know why? Cuz Peter needed it. &gt;&gt; Now I want you to think now of that instance where it's recorded in the scripture that Peter himself had not yet quite attained to the stature of a perfect man. &gt;&gt; Woo. Woo. Now, he had the Holy Ghost. He had faith. He had virtue. We saw that going out of him at the lame man that was crippled there. We see that. But Peter was still lacking some things and his walk with God. That gives me hope. &gt;&gt; Does anybody else have hope today? So now then Peter years later, this is coming close to, you know, to the winding up years of his ministry by the time that he writes this. So Peter was like us. He was still a work in progress. And no doubt Peter might have been one of the ones that was a little bit slower, maybe coming along and some of these things of God. Paul was a different type of makeup and his battles were totally different, more intellectual. And when you're that way, you tend to lean back toward the mind. Peter was ignorant, unlearned. You know, he didn't never did battle that thing. But God knew exactly what to put in these building blocks that would cover every saint of God that would live from Calvary to the rapture. I think that's absolutely awesome that God would pick seven great virtues of his own divine nature. Now, I know that you know this as many times as we've read it that that Peter never used casting out devils and Peter never used speaking with tongues or he never used seeing visions or he never used discernment or signs or wonders. Now, I want you to notice that he does not use in that realm of the supernatural those things to be able to make the individual out of. Now, every one of those things are genuine and real, and we believe in them all, don't we? But we also know that most of those are actually bait on the hook in order to catch the fish. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; So, they speaking in tongues. Of course, that's for the unbeliever. When a man prays in tongues, he's not even supposed to do it in the in the service to interrupt the service because he's edifying himself and not edifying the body. Is that right? So then we know those gifts have their place when they're appropriated, right? But every individual that God would even be able to use in a manner of a gift don't mean that they have the building blocks of this here in in second Peter. So they could be anointed by the spirit of God to prophesy a true prophecy and the spirit of God never fall on them one more time in their life because they don't really have a gift of prophecy. It just fell on them in that service and then the next service it may fall on that person or that person. But this is something that don't don't fall on you and then leave you. This is something that is molded in your walk with God and once you get it, you never leave it &gt;&gt; and it never leaves you. Now let's look again if we can at patience and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience. Let's look at the meaning of the word again. enduring patient continuence, patient waiting, steadfastness in the New Testament, the characteristics of a man who is not swerved from his deliberate purpose and his loyalty to faith and piety by even the greatest trials and sufferings. The greatest trials and sufferings patiently and steadfastly. I I know we read this but I want to go back to it again if you don't mind in the thy church age this is from the church age book I know your faith now how does he not say here as he did to the church in Pergamos you hold my faith he is not talking about his faith now but he is commending them for their faithfulness I love the way this works that God gives to us a measure of faith and God will require of us that measure of faith to be used in its full capacity. And then there will be things in life that our measure of faith will not attain to. And whenever we're in that time in our life, the spirit of God will come in and adjoin itself to our faith and supplement our faith and carry us right over the tide to bring it to pass. So when the divine sovereignty of God projects a promised word, then the grace of God will also give the strength to carry it through. But that don't mean then that our everyday walk with God is going to be only by the faith of Jesus. We wouldn't overcome nothing if it was that way. But it will be our faith and his faith together. Now notice he said, "Now faithfulness and patience go together." In fact, patience is the outcome of faithfulness. For it says in James 1:3, "The trying of your faith workketh patience. There is absolutely no other way in which to gain patience. It has to come by the trial of your faith." Romans 5:3. Tribulation workers. Patience. How highly God regards the outworking of our patience is seen in James 1:4. But let patience have her perfect work that you won't be. Notice this, that you may be perfect and entire lacking nothing. God's will for us is perfection. How many wants to be perfect? &gt;&gt; That is not human sinlessness. That is complete. God's will for us is perfection. And that perfection is patience. Waiting on God and waiting for God. This is the process of character development. And everybody can say, "Help me, Lord." How highly God has commended these saints of the dark ages. Patient as lambs led to the slaughter. Lovingly, faithfully, they serve God. This is all they wanted out of life. Just service to their Lord. How great, oh my, was their reward. I can't wait to see these saints of God as they walked before him on that day. Can you now I want you to think that God is the only one that can be able to bring this measure unlike the realm of the supernatural gifts. Now I you know I I just got to be honest with you. I'm sure I probably don't understand as much about the supernatural realm as a lot of other brothers do but I I do understand maybe a little T90 bit about it. But I do know that Satan can hand out gifts by the handfuls. And I know that Satan actually loves to be able to move in a message of God that he sent down through the ages, all of them, and be able to counterfeit the production or the appearance of supernatural gifts. And the reason he does that is to bring question on the credibility of the real and the genuine. Now, when I'm talking about gifts, I'm not just talking about tongues, interpretation of tongues, signs, wonders, all that. But I'm also talking about gifts of the ministry. So there are genuine pastor, genuine teacher, genuine evangelists, but Satan also loves to impersonate those ministerial gifts. So he has down through the ages and he'll continue to do so. So he will move on men's hearts and they will be totally convinced that they are called of God to be a preacher. And then they will start getting under that load and that burden and oh my, they just absolutely know beyond a shadow of a doubt it's God. And sometimes a learned man, the one that's experienced with divine wisdom can be able to pick it up just like that. Something wrong about that call. So they will be able to see and oh there's something out of cater. Other times you can't. So you just have to let it go. And it may be years, absolutely years before the fruition of that man will come into maturity. And when it does, then you look and say, "Oh my goodness." So this is what this has been about the whole time that this man will be able to carve out a niche in the message of the hour as it's been in every age. and he would be able to eventually pull an element of people as Paul said they're making disciples after themselves. So they're not really leading people to Christ even though that's what they say they're doing. And it what does Satan want to do? He has impersonated many pastors down through the ages. And the church said he has impersonated many prophets down through the ages. Many evangelists. Is that right? Can you preach your brothers? Say amen to that. Now, your brothers here today that's genuinely called of God, you have nothing to worry about because you know you're called and you know that God called you. But this is also a truth that has been down through the ages. And who has caused some of the greatest damage in the message of God down through the age from Pentecost until the end time so-called preachers? But have most of them that's caused such a mess been God called? Absolutely not. Why would God come in to bring hella, destruction, splits, false doctrine, error, this that and the other? God would would would orchestrate a body a move of God. And then God would raise somebody else up from within the same thing and divide and split and separate and make their own group, which is nothing but a miniature denomination is all it is. God would do that. Come on, church. Wake up. Look at the hour that we're living. God would never do such a thing. So he loves Satan does to impersonate God's gifts and then by the impersonation he will cause so much damage. It's no wonder to me that a lot of folks around the message don't believe in preachers because they've been so burned by so many of them. I understand I've been burned by probably more than than a lot of you all have. Believe me. But that does not change my belief in God's word. God's prophet had been no doubt uh took advantage of lied upon everything in the world by preachers more than all of us put together. But it didn't stop him from still believing in preachers. So you can't use that excuse. So what does the devil do? He loves to impersonate them in order to use them to pull away confidence and factual proof by the word of God that God still uses them. And it's the same way with the virtues in our life. So there is a genuine faith from God. Then there is a human faith that people can have and believe God's promise by their human faith. Human virtue, a divine virtue, a human knowledge, a divine knowledge. Every one of these virtues have a twin. And the prophet said, "Call them naturiven." So they were naturiven. How many of you know some good Baptist people that you work with and Nazarene and all kinds of good people as we call them? And yet, do they have some patience? No doubt. And you look at some of them and you say, "Man, a lot. They got more patience than some of the people I go to church with." Boy, they're nicer than some of the people I go to church with. Well, the main reason you're saying that is cuz you ain't never rubbed their hair the wrong way. If you rub it the wrong way, it'll be like an old cat that comes up to you. Now look, all y'all can like cats and you can have 47 of them in your house if you do. But they know I don't like them and they'll come straight to me every time I get in the presence of one. They'll come right to me and go to rubbing yourself. It sends chills up my back. I'm telling you what, they'll pur and look at me. You know, I hear a growl. I don't hear that pur thing. But you realize that's what it is with a lot of people. and you only know him at certain level and you're rubbing them on the back. Oh, nice kitty kitty kitty. I don't get the kitty kitty view. I get the real view. &gt;&gt; Oh my. But does that change then that there's not a real faith? It does not. It's the same way with patience. Now, real true patience, it will grow like all these other virtues. And don't think that it's inside of you that when you first get it, oh my, it's full grown. No. Patience can be in every Holy Ghost fil child of God in this service today, but it can be at different levels. So as it is being tried and it comes to this stage of the trial, it grows, it puts on more muscles as we would say, and it's developing and maturing. But the same God wants is to where each of these virtues are matured in your life. But your level of patience may be different from the person sitting beside you. And your mature level may be different as well. No doubt I'll never have to have the maturity of these things that a lot of great brothers have. I'm not a great brother. I just want to be saved myself. Me and greatness ain't nothing really in common about me and greatness. No, I never has been, never will be. But what I desire to be is the measure that God has ordained for me. You understand? Now many of you ley you'll never attain oh if I can just wind up like brother so and so and brother so and so that ain't nothing but a trick of the devil for you to get the wrong image before your eyes and that's what you're looking to and you look at this church oh man this is the perfect church in the message there are no perfect churches in the message oh this brother here he's a perfect preacher there are no perfect preachers in the message &gt;&gt; come on look at every New Testament church and how The epistles were written to those churches. I'd like to take every one of them sometime. The Lord lets me live long enough. I'd like to take every one of them letters in the New Testament where Paul wrote to them and also in the book of Revelation and show you those same things have lived repeatedly over and over again for the last 2,000 years. I guarantee you that today I could take every one of them letters and find people in our assembly and those who stream and claim this as their home church and find traits and characteristics of the church at Ephesus of the church at Pergamos of the church of Thotyara of Thessalon Church on and on and on. Why? These are not just pretty books in the Bible. It is prophetic from God. God chose certain churches. Don't get in your mind. These were the only churches that he addressed. There was all kinds of other churches by the time the book of revelation was written. It's 96 AD. So there was all kinds of churches under different names. But he selected certain churches that had traits about them that would be suited for prophetic type a symbol. So what is the book of revelation? When we look at the church ages, what is that? It's an image set before us. Do this and don't do that. do this and don't do that. You understand? &gt;&gt; Now, when we look at this, then God, now keep in mind Luther Luther could never stand in the full stature of a perfect man. &gt;&gt; Wesley could not stand in the full stature of a perfect man. Pentecost could not stand in the full stature. &gt;&gt; Now, wait a minute, brother Donnie. Now, how how how so some of the people in our church that have already passed and went on and you're just now preaching some of this stuff. What about them that went on before you started preaching this stuff? Our father will supplement and take care of them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You worry about yourself. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Don't worry. Ain't none of his going to be missing on that day. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I don't mind telling you. I've watched many saints in our church pass and been around them in their final days and watched things transpire. I had a situation that happened to me several years ago and it was a brother that's been gone now for a few years and oh it was a man that I had such awesome respect for and still do. great brother in the Lord and been here for a long long time. And as he was coming close to to passing over, maybe just a week or so before he actually crossed over. And he he I I went to visit the brethren. Whenever I did, there was this person there and that person there, another person, and he said, "I want everybody to leave but brother Donnie." So, okay. So, everybody left. And he said, "Brother, come here." He was he was in the bed and he couldn't get up and he said took me by the hand. He said, "Brother Donnie," he said, "I I I said something against you years ago." And he said, "I I I didn't understand what you was preaching about this and preaching about that." And he said, "I should have already made it right, but I guess I just had too much pride." And he said, "My brother, I want you to forgive me. Will you forgive me?" I said with all of my heart. It wasn't but a few days he was gone. I've seen and heard things like that for decades. Now what was God doing? Completed. Now I knew that brother for years. I never even knew this sort of thing. I didn't need to anyway. I mean the important thing was he needed to make it right before the Lord. Now you saying whatever is lacking. But brother Donnie, what if I go out today and I go through the drive-thru and I order a hot dog and they get me a chicken leg and I lose my temper and then I go down the road and I get killed. God knows how to take care of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If Jesus had to drive through the drive in this day, he might get a little bit upset and bothered too. &gt;&gt; One of my granddaughters told me the other day learning how to drive. They say, "Poppy, I can't wait to pull up to the driver and just give me what you going what you want. You're going to anyhow." But there's something about the time that we live. And the closer we get, friends, it's no wonder you feel like sometimes you can't even have a same thought in your mind. Look at Israel and keep them in tight. Look at what's going on the land of Israel. They are being bombarded and it will change from one thing to another. Just not long ago, it looked like that Iran was going to wipe them off the map. And look at Iran today. What happened in a little while? Look at Syria at the the fall of the Assad regime. And what happened there? They were building up arms. Building up arms. And did it work out then where Israel could have great peace? It only changed from one thing to another. Now look, the UK is wanting to recognize a Palestinian state. the German chancellor want to recognize a Palestinian state and different countries are wanting to start arms embargo against Israel. So it's like it comes down on one side and it starts on another side. Can anybody relate? So you get through one problem of life and you say, "Woo, thank God that was close." And then you get through that and you get about 45 minutes of break maybe if you're lucky. And then something else happens. And then you get through that and something else happen. But the problem of it is sometimes you don't get through this before something else does happen. And then you get that took care of and something else. Don't you understand why? And you saying, "What's wrong with me?" There's nothing necessarily wrong with you. It's the hour we're living. It's an hour of tension. It's an hour of trouble. It's an hour of anxiety. And as Satan is following and pressuring the bride, so is he Israel because the transition time from the bride to the nation of Israel is so close. It's so close. He's working both parallel at the same time. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh my. So we say, God, I want patience. Oh God, I need it so desperately. Could you have it overnighted to me? Oh, you know what? Even better than that, having it a package at home when I go in after church. God said, "No, I don't do that. I'm still doing the same slow aging process." So God, when it comes to making patience and these virtues, it's like he can be like the sloth, &gt;&gt; the three-toed sloth. That was a yawn, in case you didn't know. Just takes them so long. And we are a nervous wreck. Oh, I'll tell you one thing gets on my nerves as a stuttering preacher. I just want to say, would you sit down and please let somebody say it? I can say it. God don't stutter. But he just goes, "Has your patience today, don't he?" He don't need lying to him because he knows anyway. I mean, I might lie to you. You might lie to me. We might lie to one another. We shouldn't do it. Oh, I'm I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. But he knows. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He knows I need help with mine. &gt;&gt; All these virtues. I want more. Don't you have any of these? I have all of them. I said I have all of them, &gt;&gt; but they vary in size &gt;&gt; from raisin to M&M's. How I'm longing for the day when every one of them be about the size of a monster pumpkin? You ever see them great old big pumpkins they raise, you know, wow, that's my image of a perfect man. But that may not be who I am at all. My maturity may be no bigger than a cantaloupe. And there will be all seven of them in my life. And right now I feel like a little tiny bud. I'm still a cantaloupe or I'm still a watermelon. Whatever I am, I'm I'm right there. And the same with you. And some of you are long and you think there's something there's something wrong with me. I I don't have the Holy Ghost. That's what it is. I don't have the Holy Ghost. and you're waiting until you get into the stature of a perfect man before you got the Holy Ghost. What if you can get that without the Holy Ghost? What do you need the Holy Ghost for? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Praise the Lord. Let's skip a couple there, brothers. Let's go over to taking sides of Jesus. Now, the opposite of patience is impatience. I'm sure most of us today is like a tandem truckload when it comes to patience. Ain't it? I know some of us are taking signs of Jesus. I believe that all these things has a time of lingering waiting. But it's waiting for a time for the scripture to be fulfilled till everything gets right, everything in order, waiting. Many times we get impatient or patient rather and then says impatient like a child great anticipations and many times we jump ahead &gt;&gt; that just hinders the work &gt;&gt; until the work gets caught up. See, we must move more reverently, have a purpose in the heart that God, if he would desire to use us in such and such, but wait till he makes the opening cuz he has to go ahead of us. &gt;&gt; Now, that's so with preachers. That's so with every aspect of the five-fold ministry. And that's so not only with preachers, but with you all looking for your vocation. Lord, what I want to do, oh, I've always wanted to be a nurse. Oh, I've always wanted to be a doctor. Oh, man. I've always wanted to be this, that, and the other. And then you go to taking six, you know, six months or six years of school and whatever it is, and you realize, I hate this. Who in the world taught me into this? I cannot believe I ever wanted to take I wanted to be this. Now, you think how many of us have wasted years of our life because we did not go to God and said, "God, please help me, but brother Donnie, I'd rather do something even if it's wrong." You're crazy. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Do you understand how long it can take you to try to ever fix a month's worth of wrong? &gt;&gt; What's this? A year. &gt;&gt; You remember David going to battle that night. He was weary about that fight. Laid there on those malberry trees until he heard the Lord and the rumbling of the leaves going before him. Then he went with courage because he knowed that God had gone before him. And if we only do that, brethren, knowing that the battle must come, but we must wait till we see the hand of God going before us to make a way. Now, I want you to notice, look at the service Wednesday night. I told you there was a time to rush and there's a time to wait. Now, if Rebecca would have tried to apply this right here, she'd have never made the bride. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; notice patience. I love this in shalom. Patience. Some of us get so some of us gets in such a hurry. I think many a good man has done that. You get in too too much of a hurry. You want to you want to see you do it yourself. Minister, brethren, you know from what I'm talking and you just take and listen to this tape. I'm talking to you, not only the little congregation here, but men around the world. Many men go out impatient but believing that the time is near. &gt;&gt; Well, if the time was near in 1964, we're already in 2025. So, if preachers would become impatient in 64, imagine how impatient they would be. genuinely called ones in 2025 and they think if I'm going to do anything for God, I've got to do it. I've got to get out. Oh, I want to help people. I want to I want to reach. Oh, I've got to do something. I've got to do something. I've got such a burden, such a burden. And now, what what can I do, Lord? What can I do? &gt;&gt; You realize what a dangerous state it is for a man when he gets there? &gt;&gt; Cuz if he's not careful, his zeal will drive him straight out of the will of God. Why? Not the right time. And it's evident by the way he's acting. He don't have the proper knowledge to handle what he thinks he can do. Well, I realize I'm going to have to preach today and say amen and ouch and oh me and everything. I'm going to be wore out when church is over. It's hard to play multi characters, you know, at the same time. Oh my. Wait upon the Lord. Patience is a virtue. If you can have patience, it's virtue. They that wait upon the Lord, not they that try to get ahead of the Lord. They that try to tell the Lord, "Lord, I know you want me to do this." &gt;&gt; Glory to God accent it, you know, with a little glory to God. That makes it more spiritual, I suppose. Lord, I know you want me to do this. As a preacher preached at our church one time, he heard a little something in our church that he didn't like. Wasn't from me. It was just something, you know, amongst the people. When he gets up, he says, "I told the Lord, if I ever get to preach at this church again, I'm going to deal with this. I wanted to make a lasso out of the microphone cord and rope him like a two-year-old calf, flang him down on the pull pit, tie both hands and feet, and have the deacons throw him out. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Cuz I realized he didn't have a lick business being up there in the pullpit, although he preached for decades. &gt;&gt; Amen. You are going to tell God sir. &gt;&gt; Now come on. Some of you ley don't jump on that preacher back cuz some of y'all do the same thing with your life. &gt;&gt; There's more of y'all than there is me. I better get behind this pull pit right now. &gt;&gt; Premen. &gt;&gt; Oh my Lord. I know you want me to do this and glory to God. Don't do that. He says wait upon the Lord. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. God took thousands of years to fulfill his promise of a coming savior. But remember, he noted it all the time when it was coming. There were many people rose up and tried to be &gt;&gt; Messiahs. &gt;&gt; Do you understand? There was more Jesus's &gt;&gt; in the days of the Lord Jesus than just one. &gt;&gt; You realize that the historians say whenever Pilot when he stood before him and Jesus was on one side and Barabus on another that Baraba's name was also Jesus. &gt;&gt; So which do you want? He said in the Aramaic Jesus the king of the Jews or Jesus Barabus. Oh my goodness. Both of them seem like troublemakers. Both of them seem to be bad type of characters depending on who you would ask. &gt;&gt; Ain't that right? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I wonder if it's not going to be closer than we think. &gt;&gt; Do we want Jesus Christ the revealed word &gt;&gt; or do we want a Jesus Messiah wannabe? God help us. Now watch this and hear you him. A group of Methodist brethren just received the Holy Spirit came to my church where I used to pastor talking about the tabernacle there and they was great men lived up in Indiana and they said, "Brother Brandham, we've received the Holy Ghost and we've been reading some books." I guess it depends on the books you're reading, right? said, "Should we wait on the Lord and seek the Lord to tell us our ministry?" And I said, "Don't do it at all." Whoa. &gt;&gt; He said, "Well, the book said, I said, but wait a minute, brother. If you ever take men that's so zealous that they want to always be doing something, God couldn't trust that person. If you'll notice in the Bible, the man that God used was a man that was trying to get away from all of it. &gt;&gt; That's the one that God used. Say for instance, Paul, Moses, and so forth, trying to run from the very cause? You mean to tell me that a man can have a desire just to help the people of God? &gt;&gt; A woman can have a desire. So she thinks she's called to preach because she just feels for the needs of the people. &gt;&gt; She just feels it so bad. The Bible gives her no no scripture to preach, but she's just overwhelmed by this burden. &gt;&gt; I've heard a few women preachers that could actually outreach men. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Notice this. If a man's got to give man to do a certain thing and he was so zealous of it, the first thing you know, he'd be so swelled out. But if a man doesn't want to do such, maybe God, now listen to this pitiful rendering of this equation. Maybe God can use him for a while in hell. Do you understand our God which can do anything and everything? One of the hardest things that he can do is to find a man that he can use. And if a man's ministry will grow and grow and his effect and his name and his personality and whatever, &gt;&gt; and if he's not careful, his pride and his arrogance &gt;&gt; will grow right with it. And the next thing you know, he wants to become a god or an angel. I'm quoting you a quote. Question answers 1959. He wants to become a god or an angel to the people. But if God can find a man that he can use him and the more he uses him, the littleer he gets. And the more he uses him, the littleer he gets. How many men that God used down through the ages that he was able to use him the entire expanse of their life? How many of them when they got older didn't get off here with women or here with money or here with popularity? How many of them run the full course? &gt;&gt; Look at Noah died a drunk. &gt;&gt; Look at Moses got cut off because of his temper. I hope and pray to God if God ever sees me getting off in some stupid something another. I pray he'd take me right before you this morning. I never want to lead God's children astray or bring reproach on this word. But let me tell you something, that ain't just so with a preacher. It ought to be so with every deacon. It ought to be so with every trustee. It ought to be so with every man, woman, boy, and girl. Come on. It's easy for us to point our pre our finger preacher, but let's point it right back to you as well. There's been way more leoty that's done that than there has been preachers. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why? Why? Because we like these materials in our souls that we were motivated by this inward nature of these stones. And each one runs right into the other. It's amazing to me how God can use something so structurally sound and solid and make it so fluid that it blends right into the next one and it all parallels and vulcanizes into one structure which is totally inseparable. This is the perfect man, the perfect preacher, the perfect woman. And you will never see one of them. Never. As long as you're looking with this right, &gt;&gt; cuz this is the phenomenal thing about it. They will be a perfect work in their soul and their humanity will still be so flawed. And you'll look at their humanity and say, "Well, another one bites the dust. Well, this one ain't no good." Well, he got upset. Well, I don't guess there's anybody going to be that. God never put this image before us if somebody wasn't going to get it. I ask you this morning, word of life, is there anybody at this church that's going to attain to this image of the living God? I ain't just talking about preacher but men, women, boys, girls, teenagers. What about you young people? Is there any teenager in this church? Is there any young boy that said, "Lord, that's what I want to be more than anything else in this world." Are there any young sisters here today that said, "Lord, that's what I want to be. I want to be a full daughter of God with this image of God inside of me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, notice the prophet said if you just if he can just get something out of him. But man that usually wants to go and blast over the world and tear it down, usually God can't trust him. He wants to do it himself. He wants to get into it his own way with it. And if a man don't want to go, then God almost has to drive him into it. That's the type of man that God usually uses in the scripture. And I said, "Now, this is a prophet's advice to men that are coming asking him about their ministry. I said you just live for him &gt;&gt; and love him &gt;&gt; with all your heart &gt;&gt; and he will place you in the place that he desires &gt;&gt; thank you Lord &gt;&gt; for you to be &gt;&gt; so you don't seek your ministry you don't seek your gift &gt;&gt; you seek him &gt;&gt; and it makes you so in love with him that if he wants you to do something he's going to have to make you do it anyhow believe me I've run into a lot of preachers down through the age and Oh, you know, I'm I don't know if I'm one called to preach or not. I don't want to do it, brother Donnie. I don't want to do it. And you come to find out they done got 32 sermons studied out and ready to preach and wait for somebody to ask them and sitting right there lying to you. I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. But God himself knows their heart. What are you doing studying it out for? If you don't want to do it, come on, somebody. Well, you want to go before the Lord and say, "Lord, just whatever you want me to do. If you don't want me to do nothing but come to church and give brother Donnie an amen." I know brother Donnie would appreciate amens. Brother Donnie would appreciate amen. Oh, praise God. Lord, if you don't want me to but clap my hands and say, "Preach it, man of God." And every now and then when I get beside myself and wing a buck, I'll stand up and say, "Glory." Brother Donnie will come too and then we'll go on with the service. Israel was so impatient with God. 1st Samuel 8:4, all the elders of Israel gathered themselves together and came to Samuel and to Rama and said unto him, "Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways." Really? &gt;&gt; So, we have a prophet of God who had sons. and they wasn't walking according to the ways that their daddy taught. &gt;&gt; Everybody call 911. We're going to need them quick. &gt;&gt; Now make us a king to judge us like all the nations. But the thing displeased Samuel when they said, "Give us a king to judge us." And Samuel prayed unto the Lord. And the Lord said unto Samuel, "Hearken unto the voice of the people, and all that they say unto thee, for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me that I should not reign over them." &gt;&gt; So Samuel was taking it so personal. He just feels put out by this. And God said, "No, it's not that they're rejecting you. They are. They are. But the most consequential one is me. They're rejecting me. &gt;&gt; But how are they rejecting God?" Through the message of the day. &gt;&gt; They're rejecting the word. &gt;&gt; They've rejected me that I should not reign with you. Imagine almighty God was out among them reigning over them. But how was he reigning? Through a prophet's voice. All right. Glory. &gt;&gt; But they didn't want to be reigns or a prophet's voice. &gt;&gt; They wanted a two soul king &gt;&gt; or a return ministry king &gt;&gt; or a seven thunder king. Woo. But we going to get into something here. Somebody would preach with me a little bit. They wanted a king, a man that could be among them and be a socialite, you know, and do all this and that and the other. and they could go up and just talk with him and hang around with him all the time and fellowship with him. They wanted a man that they could look and say, "There's our king like all the rest of the nations." Well, you put a few more letters in front of that and you'll find out the parallel of where we are in this day, denominations. As the nations were the parallel in the Old Testament, so the denominations are the answering to that in the New Testament. And that's why we are against a man-made religion. God never chose bishops to rule his church. God never chose a headquarters to say do this and do that. He called men filled with the Holy Ghost anointed by the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; And that's God reigning through the ministry &gt;&gt; preaching the word. &gt;&gt; Every man, woman, boy, and girl with the king on the throne of their hearts. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's stand. &gt;&gt; Let's read verse eight together. And according to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt, even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee. Now, God told him in the preceding verse here, "They're not rejecting you. They're rejecting me." And then God turns right around. Why? Because Samuel had it out of proper cannon just a bit. He had it out of sequence. God places himself on top and then brings Samuel down under him. He said, "As they've rejected me, listen again. According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of Egypt, even unto this day, where would they have forsaken me and served other gods, so do they also unto thee." Can't you see what happens when folks leave God's anointed prophets message? &gt;&gt; Some of them will pick another preacher over them. &gt;&gt; Others will pick businessmen. &gt;&gt; Remember, the children of Israel didn't just always want a king. As a matter of fact, when they was going to pull away from out from under the ministry of Moses, they said, "We will find a captain." &gt;&gt; They got tired of that prophet stuff. &gt;&gt; So, they wanted a military man, &gt;&gt; an educated man. Give us a captain &gt;&gt; that'll lead us back to Egypt. That's the way they wanted to leave the message &gt;&gt; by a captain, a leader of men that would lead them back to Egypt. &gt;&gt; Follow your leader if that's what you wish. &gt;&gt; But you make sure of this. You make sure your choice that you're fully looking at it clearly. Captains out from under the oposes of the message of the hour will lead you to hell. &gt;&gt; Pastors will &gt;&gt; that pull out from under the influence of the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; I wonder how many times old Lot relived his choice. Oh my friends, don't you want to be what God wants you to be? &gt;&gt; Humble, small, little, insignificant in our own eyes, what difference does that make? Really? If we could do something, you imagine if we lived our lives and one soul was helped along life's journey. One soul was helped, maybe not even saved. Maybe you didn't even leave them to the Lord, but they was at a point of breaking point in their life and God used you to encourage them. &gt;&gt; You imagine what your reward will be through eternity. And Jesus said, "If you only give them a cup of cold water, &gt;&gt; just a cup of cold water, you'll have a great reward in heaven." A cup of water. It's amazing how we devalue things that are so valuable and put such value on stupid stuff, &gt;&gt; wealth and this and that and the other. &gt;&gt; People will devalue truths for the sake of money. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Some of you brothers in your business back and forth and all this that and the other and I know it, you know, it can get tough among you, but I'm asking you brother something. Is your business worth lying for? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Do you have to run one another down and and spread lies and things on one another in order to get more business and get bigger this and that? And you honestly think God can bless you &gt;&gt; in that way. Cannot we be Christians in our business if we can't? You need to get another job. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If your business is turning you into a liar, &gt;&gt; uhoh. Did you attend the the work fair here Friday night? Maybe you ought to be more serious. &gt;&gt; Don't lying matter no more, children. &gt;&gt; It's amazing how many people I find that lie. &gt;&gt; Preachers that lie &gt;&gt; get caught in certain situations and lie to your face. And some of them you think hung the moon. &gt;&gt; Oh, but it don't matter no more, right? &gt;&gt; Yes, it does. &gt;&gt; Really? Are you sure? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You mean lying matters? &gt;&gt; Being dishonest matters? &gt;&gt; Is there anybody among us that can still say, "I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; I messed up. &gt;&gt; I said this wrong. I did that wrong." &gt;&gt; Does it even matter anymore? &gt;&gt; It does. &gt;&gt; It does. &gt;&gt; It does. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; So, it really does. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, good. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm glad to hear you say that cuz I believe it does, too. &gt;&gt; If this message does not produce people of integrity, character &gt;&gt; above this out here, &gt;&gt; what better are we? &gt;&gt; Why bear the reproach? &gt;&gt; That's right. But it will, my brother, sister. &gt;&gt; Remember, this ain't my standard. This is not William Brandham's standard. &gt;&gt; This is God's standard. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Can we bow our heads? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I wonder, was no one looking around today? Have you put a king over your life? Have you chosen a king that would dictate to you and rule you and it's replaced king God? I don't mind telling you his ways aren't always easy. Oh, no. I'd be lying to you to say that. His ways can be difficult. Sometimes he moves in ways we just don't understand. But we trust him even when we don't. But give me him any day over any other king there is out there. How many like to be remembered today? May the Lord just search each of our hearts. Search mine, Lord God. Let's just make sure, friends, that we've not placed any king above our God. For you see, the Lord went ahead and told Samuel to give them what they wanted. It wasn't his will. Be careful what you pray for. Be careful what you get in your mind as God because you may be moving into a permissive will that'll throw you out the will of God for years if you ever recuperate from it. Heavenly Father, I know these sermons I've been preaching lately are serious. They're they're they're soulsearching. But Lord, I believe myself it matches the time we're living. What good Lord would it do us if we just have a bunch of emotion and jumping up and down and singing and hollering and we thank you for all that? It has its place. But Lord, whenever we stop jumping, we want our feet to hit the ground. We want a life that is your prophet preached it, is your life worthy of the gospel? What a title. Is your life worthy of the gospel? So the title itself conveys to us this title is not for sinners, but it's for people professing Christianity. people professing they are disciples. Lord Jesus, like Peter, I admit to you today, I need more growth, more maturity in my life. By the time Paul rebukes Peter, he had already had supernatural miracles. Phenomenal, phenomenal things you had done through the man, but he was still lacking in its character. It's easy to see, Lord, some of the emphasis that we've gone and the direction we've taken the last few years, it's more on the supernatural, so-called. And yet, for those who might differ with some of those, it's going in that direction, if you don't go along with them, they write you off and you're dead, and you don't believe in a move of God no more. and they cut you off, have no more fellowship with you. So is that brotherly kindness, Lord? Is that patience? So it shows once again the same devil that's moved down through the ages is moving right among us. It's easy to see why we're not already gone. Father, help us today. Lord, forgive me Jesus of any shortcomings, any faults, any flaws. Help me, Lord, that I can grow and grow into that stature above perfect man. I'm so glad with you that every day is a new beginning. I'm so glad that our failures of yesterday and last week are not what will dictate our future. For every morning, your mercies are renewed. Oh, we love you, Jesus, with all of our hearts. Anybody here can just raise your hand and say, "Lord, be mindful of me today." Maybe you look at the map of where you are and you look at the image that I've put before you today and said, "Boy, I got some growing to do. I need some more changing in my life." You ought to be so happy that you can recognize it. Think of it, friend. We're living in a time when millions of people are walking on the earth with reprobate minds. They no longer know right from wrong. You could put right before them and they wouldn't even recognize it. So you're blessed even have a thirst, a desire. You're blessed to stand right here this morning and raise your hand and say, "Lord, remember me. Remember me, Lord Jesus. Don't let us leave this world until the requirements of God have been met in our life. For we know this is not the end of us. We know, Lord, there's a resurrection coming. In order to be in that resurrection, we must be included in the body. And we know this is why Luther could not raise on their own. The Methodist age could not raise on its own because they were lacking so many things. They without us cannot be made perfect. But Lord, you're going to complete a body on the earth. I don't know how many there will be, but it will be enough. Praise God. And whenever they reach that state of maturity, the resurrection will take place and you will have capped off the entire church ages as the fullness of the baptism of the Holy Ghost comes at the very top. Then Lord, it will cap off the ages Lord. And we know, oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. The re the dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Lucer had a portion of the Holy Ghost. Wesley had a portion of the Holy Ghost. Pentecost had a portion. But this is the evening time for the token, the fullness, the attribute of the fullness of God to return back on the earth again in the last days to cause a resurrection. Oh Jesus, don't let it one of us walk out of here today. Men, women, boys, girls, may we search our hearts. We've been in the message for 40 years, 50 years, however long it's been. May we open our lives before you today. Search us, oh Lord God. Search me, Jesus. Put me up on the scale of your word, my father. May I not compare myself to a Baptist preacher. May I not compare myself to a Catholic priest or the pope, cuz comparing me to them, it would certainly make me look better as far as scripture by scripture. But I don't want to compare me to them. That's not the image I have before me. The image I have before me is you. So every time I look at you and I look at me, I see so much wrong and so much flaws. Oh Jesus, anoint my eyes with your eyes. I have help me to get the proper balance of my sight spiritually to see the work and progress is divine. But the human element is still human and will never be perfect. Would you come through this building today, Father, and anoint our eyes? What's your eyes of recognition? Your eyes sav understanding for we could open our eyes and see something and say, "I see it, but I don't understand it." It's because the way we're perceiving it. Anoint us today, Father. Oh, hallelujah, Lord Jesus. We worship you today, Father. Mold us, Lord. Shape us, oh God, into that which pleases you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Can we just worship him a little bit now? How many believes with me now? This is the promise of God. This is the word of God. And we by God's grace are going to come to that promise. &gt;&gt; He can only do for us in heaven as we confess that he's doing it on earth. And I'm going to confess it this morning. Every elect member and our church, not only ours, but the churches all around the world will attain &gt;&gt; to this image out here. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And Word of Life Church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; And I just happen to believe I'm one of them. &gt;&gt; Do you believe you are? &gt;&gt; And what you going to believe? You're going to believe your shortcomings and your faults, or you going to believe that you're identified with a promised word &gt;&gt; for this hour? &gt;&gt; We're there and sing something. Let's worship him together a little bit, can we? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, don't you appreciate the Lord today? &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. We love you, Jesus. Let him pour a little bit of oil and wine now and kind of minister to us a little bit before we go. We worship you, Jesus. Remember brother Wayne Lawson and myself this week, Brother Joe Green's meeting starts on on Tuesday. Brother Wayne Tuesday, myself Wednesday, Brother Wayne Thursday, myself Friday, then I'll be back with you on Sunday, Lord willing. But remember in the meetings there, missionary meetings. So there'll be lots of brothers from overseas, all different parts of the world would certainly appreciate your prayers. Let's just worship the Lord a little bit now before we go. &gt;&gt; I need more of you. &gt;&gt; Oh, we do. Jesus, everybody now, &gt;&gt; that's the way it's got to be. &gt;&gt; Make it a prayer to the Lord Jesus this morning. I need more of you. &gt;&gt; More of you, Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Till there's no room left in me. &gt;&gt; All those wasted hours and minutes. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; They're yours now. &gt;&gt; Yours now. &gt;&gt; From the start to the finish. I need more. &gt;&gt; I need more of you. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Everybody now with all your hearts for there is. Sing it with all your heart. &gt;&gt; I need more of you, &gt;&gt; more faith, more virtue, more knowledge, more temperance, more patience, more godliness, more brotherly kindness. the way it's got for the capstone. &gt;&gt; I need more of you just for Jesus till there's no room left in me. Hallelujah. All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish. I need more of you. &gt;&gt; More of you in me. Everybody, oh Lord, I need more of you. Thank you, Jesus. That's the way it's got to be. I need more of you till there's no room left in me. Oh, all those wasted hours and minutes. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yours now from the start to the finish. I need more of you in me. Oh, I need more of you. That's the way it's got to be. I need more of you till there's no room left in me. All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, I need more of you in me. Oh, I need more of you. That's the way it's got to be. I need more of you till there's no room left in me. All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, I need more of you. [Music] Our sister's a teacher at school and I know we have some more teachers in in our church as well. If you'd like to come up and we'll pray for you all as well. Um, I I've talked to some of these teachers and they've told me some of the things that they have to deal with and they have to hear and even with such small children, it's it's just unbelievable the age that we're in right now and what they're going through. &gt;&gt; So, it puts them in a real a real difficult spot. I want you to think about it. Most of those kids at school will never see me. They'll never see the rest of these preachers. This might be the only Jesus. &gt;&gt; That's true, brother. &gt;&gt; That they see &gt;&gt; and they have to be so careful in what they say and how they say it. We're not living in the same America it was when some of you all went to school &gt;&gt; where the teachers could say this and that. But Justin, God bless you, buddy. Glad to have you all back home. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Dear God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh lamb of God. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; as these sisters and this brother stand before you today, Lord, &gt;&gt; I cannot imagine what all they see and what all they hear and what all they have to deal with, Lord. Lord God, I pray for strength for them. And I pray that you'd help them, Lord. They can't really preach to the kids as we'd say and forbidden to say so much anymore. But I'm asking you, Lord, that should be with them. Lord God, how many of these kids Lord don't know hardly anything Lord having le having worked with it a little bit, being a teacher's aid and some of the things that she had tell us is just heartbreaking. Lord, I pray the spirit of God would be with them. Lord, may they see Jesus. May they see Jesus be lifted up. &gt;&gt; May they know that there's a difference in the lives of these children, of these teachers rather. May the spirit of God help them. Lord, may they be a light. May they see Jesus through them. May they be able to recognize that there is a better life than maybe their mom and their daddy are trying to offer them. Father, would you be with them? Give them strength. Lord, you told us, "Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven." I pray for them today. Lord God, in the name of Jesus, may the spirit of God anoint them. Give them strength. Give them wisdom. Help them. Father, I pray &gt;&gt; in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God bless y'all each of you. Praise the Lord. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. [Music] Our sisters wanting us to pray for these children. Maybe maybe all of you children that go to school, if you'd like to come up and gather around here, we'll pray for you all as well. Maybe our school starts at different times. maybe in a week or so or two weeks or whatever. But if you'd like to come, we'll be glad to pray for each of you, too. We'll wait on you. So, I'm coming up out of the mezzanine there. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I know what it was like whenever I was a Christian going to school and laughed at and made fun of. And I can imagine it is so small compared to what our kids have to deal with in this day. But the question comes back is, is our Jesus capable of helping them? &gt;&gt; Do you believe it, parents? &gt;&gt; This is what we preach to them and teach to them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Some of our kids attend, of course, some of the Christian schools around here, and we're we're thankful that they can be able to do that. And I've been to some of the different things the kids go to and there's definitely a difference in in them in the public school, but they also still need help and prayer. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Anyone else before we pray? Amen. No doubt there's children that have streamed today and your mamas and daddies gather, your little children around your computer there, your phone, whatever it is. Can we just pray together for them, church? Dear God, these poor little sheep, these little lambs. Dear God, we pray for them today. Father in the name of Jesus, that you'd help them and be with them. Lord, we know that we can teach them and try to rear them and bring them up in the right way. Yet we also know, Father, that we can't isolate them totally and keep them from the world. So we seek the balance of trying to in the years of their education know how much to expose them to, Lord. And I feel each each set of parents has to deal with that individually, how they should do their children. So God, I pray for every one of them today. Some of them homeschool, some of them going to the Christian schools that are around here, Lord. And for many of them, I've I've had to sign and validate a form for them that they attend church and any recommendation or drawback that I would have about their children. And it always does my heart good when I'm I'm able to send out that form and send them back and say, "I know this family and they've been in our church for x amount of years and they're good people. They love God and I can stand and vouch for their character." Oh Lord, it's one of the honors of my life to be able to do that now. Lord, their little children are standing here in a week or so. They'll be going back out into this, Lord God, into this school system. And I pray that you'd have mercy on them, Father, for those who choose to homeschool their children. I pray, Lord, that you'd be with them. Most of the times falls to the to the ability of the mothers, and I ask you for them for strength and help, Lord. And we pray, Father, for those going to the Christian schools that are around. And we're grateful, Lord, because I know in dealing with some of them, Father, that they do try to maintain somewhat of a standard. Father, would you be with them? Would you help the children, Lord God? Oh Lord, they may be offered things like this and that that they're not used to and words that they wouldn't say or whatever, but may the teachings of mama and the teachings of daddy and their Sunday school teacher, Lord, may it be there in them. Lord, would you keep our children? Father, Lord, &gt;&gt; if you would, Terry, Father, this might be the evangelist of the message in the future and pastor's wives and deacons wives and little deacons standing here today. Lord, we don't know what they are, but we pray you'd watch over them and keep them. Father, help their parents to be sensitive when they come home at night to be able to pick up on anything that they're dealing with. Lord, bless them. I pray father in the name of Jesus we ask. Amen. God bless y'all. I love every one of you so much. Can we give him a hand today? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I didn't get to it today, but I'll pick it up maybe next time. But Jesus asked his disciples in the book of Mark, "How is it that you were in a dispute along the way?" But they didn't answer him a word. So what had happened was they got into a debate about who was going to be the greatest in the kingdom. But Jesus has just told them he's fixing to die. And this is what they're concerned about. &gt;&gt; You see, he also has to have patience with us. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So to prove his point, he called up a little child and it said, "Except you become converted and as humble as this little child, you'll no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven." What a lesson to preachers. Amen. &gt;&gt; So to get a message across to preachers, he uses a child. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Has it been good to be in the house of the Lord today? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, thank you for another Sunday. Just in a few moments now, it'll go in the book of the records. I'll have to stand before you that day and answer for what I've preached today. But they will have to answer for their attitude toward it. And we'll all have to answer for our attitude of how we apply it. Or do we let it go in one ear and out the other as we say? But may we be like James said that we're not just hearers of the word and he called them forgetful hearers, but may we be hearers that will apply to our lives. go with us today, Father. Keep us by your grace, Lord. You see the meetings coming up this week, and I pray that you'd be mindful of us there, Lord. And help us meet with us in a in a great way, Lord, in your presence. Dear Jesus, watch over my sheep. Keep them, Lord. They're not really mine. They're just yours that you've allowed to meet to be an undersheperd. Lord, you see those that are sick and needy. Father, Brother Steve Newsome really having a a hard time, Lord, and in the hospital. Lord Jesus, you see where he's at. Dear God, I pray that you'd be with our brother. Father, Sister Patty Cooper, Lord, you see, dear God, our sister and her needs, others, Father, with great needs in their lives. And we just ask that you'd be mindful of your children today. Go with us, Lord, through these great trials of our life. You're trying to bring us to that completed stage of patience. And so be it. May we not falsely accuse you or charge you, Lord. But may we at the end of the trial be faithful. God, go with your children now, Father. I pray as we dismiss from this place, let not be dismissed from your presence. In the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. I love you, saints. [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out for you. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
