################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.75 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   Bride's Bill Of Rights Pt.75
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCu7qDZjn2M
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Well, there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ears will be glorious, I do declare. Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. You have heard of little Moses in the borush. You have heard a fearless David and his slain. You have heard the story told of dreaming Joseph and of Jonah and the well you often sing. There are many many others through the Bible. I should like to meet them all. I do declare by and by the Lord will surely let us meet them at that meeting in the air. Let's all stand. Well, there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet sweet bar and I'm going to meet you. meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ear to be glorious, I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Many things will there be missing at that meeting. For the mourers's mist will have no place at all. There will never be a sermon preached to sinners. For the sinner had refused to heed the call. There will be no mourning overworked love ones. There will be no lonely nights of pleading prayer. All our burdens and our anguish will be lifted at that meeting in the air. Well, there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by [Music] to meet you, meet you there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear, never heard by mortal ears will be glorious, I do declare. [Music] Oh, and God's own son will be the leading one at that meeting in the air. Oh, and I'll fly away. Oh glory going to fly away. [Music] Oh when I die. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh I fly away. [Music] Some glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly away to a home on God's celestial shore. I fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. [Music] Oh, when I die, hallelujah, by and by, oh, I fly away. And when the shadows of this life have drawn, I'll fly away like a bird from prison. Bars has flown. I fly away. Oh, fly away. Oh, glory. God won't fly away. Oh, when I die. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh, I fly away. I like this verse here. Well, just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away [Music] to a land where my joy shall never end. Oh, I fly away. Oh, I fly away. Glory. Oh, far away in the morning when I die. Hallelujah by Oh, I fly away. Let's sing that third verse one more time. Just a few more weary days and then I'm going to fly away. is to a land where my joy shall never end. Oh, I fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. Don't fly away. Oh, when I die. Hallelujah. by [Applause] fly away. Oh, fly away. Oh, glory. I going to fly away. Oh, I hallelujah. My and I fly away. Give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. How many can say it's good to be in the house of the Lord on this rainy nice little muggy. Feels like it's 92 degrees and it's still raining outside. Beautiful day to be in the house of the Lord. You may be seated. First off, we'd like to wish all our fathers a happy Father's Day. Y'all are blessed with a great father, but you didn't get the best one because I did. I learned. My mom said, "You're a great dad." And I was like, "I learn from the best." It's hard to when you have a great mentor in life, it's hard to really go astray. Amen. We'll read these prayer requests. And please be in prayer for Zack Tally. He is at boot camp and he's going to have a test coming up or will have to stay up for 24 hours on a ship with many obstacles and it's very challenging. Please pray he'll be able to pass so that he can become a sailor that was with no name. This is an unspoken prayer request for a family member from Sister Brenda Jones and brother Dawn's cousin Mary Lewis needs prayer as turned in by brother Don Cooper and this was turned in the library. Brother Bob from Connecticut is asking for asking for prayer for stiffness, heart failure, diabetes, and fear. As like I said, turning in the library. And this is a praise report from Sister Teresa Sailor. And y'all forgive me. I I'd rather if I could sing these, I would rather sing them than read them. I hate to to read out loud at least. But bear with me. I went up for prayer a couple of months ago for severe pain and numbness in my left arm. Praise the Lord. that I'm no longer having the severe pain and can once again turn my neck and use my arm. But my praise doesn't stop there. My doctor stated that I was looking at instant death due to severe spinal stenosis in my neck and insisted I see an orthopedic surgeon. I saw one last week. The nurse practitioner came in and stated when she saw my MRI, she said, "Whoa." But was surprised to look at me. I did not fit the picture of the MRI she saw. I told her I was prayed for in 2011 and I when I was told the same thing and had no problems until recently. I had since been prayed for and my arm was much better. She informed me the surgery would require a surgically would require surgically fusing my spine together and I would no longer have range of motion in my neck. She went on to say they would not push surgery until they felt it was necessary because my strength in my both my arms and legs was strong as well as balance. She felt that they would wait and see me in four months and not rush into it. Thank you, Jesus. Please pray with me that if it's the Lord's will, they will want a new MRI to be done and they will find there is no longer any stenosis. What a testimony and witness that would be. I have held the words brother Donnie spoke that he prayed closely to my heart. I repeated them to myself daily and meditate believing it means so much more than just healing. I'm claiming them. Brother Donnie did not take them lightly. Brother, I do not take them lightly. I'm so humbled at God's amazing love and longsuffering he has toward me. I am thankful that he has allowed me to be a part of this body of Christ and to have brother Donnie as my pastor. What a blessed people we are to have you as our shepherd. You often speak about preaching too hard, but I've never felt that way. I ask the Lord to help measure up and let it not let it run off. Let's see. May the Lord bless each of the working in the library with our continued Christian walk. I apologize that it's lengthy. I pray this a blessing to have your faith as well. Amen. Glory. [Music] Let's all stand together and we'll lift these prayer requests for a little. Brother Keith, if you would just come pray for us. Praise the Lord, everybody. We've already wished the fathers a happy father's day, but I wanted to say happy father's day to our pastor because he is my father in the gospel and he means so much to me and I know he does to you all, too. And I also don't want to forget Papa God, even though it's a little different, but he deserves to be recognized every day, but today as well. Let's pray together. Father, thank you so much. just to be able to say the word father. I had amnesia and I didn't know who my father was and I didn't know who my mother was and but you came along and showed me the right path and day by day you're showing me the way how to get back to where you are. And just like that man, he's out there on the porch looking for his son and he's going to you're going to run to us. I know you are. But Lord, in this life that we have here, we have heartaches, troubles, woes, sicknesses, many things. But you have made a way. You're conscious of those. And we can relax just like Ruth resting. We can trust in you knowing that you have already met those needs. We're going to walk into them. We trust you. Forgive us, Lord, when we slightly falter in our trust of you. But Father, you have all things worked together for our good and we know they are and we glory in those things. And today we have a service that Lord, we're looking for another piece of the puzzle fitly snug together so we can see that picture of us in a new body and a body change. And Father, we've got many sick and afflicted. And we we just ask you to be merciful today and send forth your word and power and demonstration to heal them. Father, bless the remainder of this service. We will return and give praise unto you in Jesus name. Amen. If you'll come at this time, we'll receive the morning ti and offering you give unto the Lord. If you're visiting with us today, we'd like to welcome you to Word of Life Church. And if you're streaming, we'd like to welcome you as well. Amen. Let's sing this song. We'll just help me worship the Lord this morning. This is an old worship song. Lift our hands. And I woke up this morning. I was like I I was just thinking about the service today and listening to a tape and I was like I can't wait just to go and sing praises to the Lord. Amen. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. For great are you Lord. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Oh, and great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. Only it's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praises. Your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. For great are you Lord. Sing. You give life. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath. It's your breath. in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only [Music] for great are you Lord. Let's sing that one more time. It's your breath in our lungs. And we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. For great are you. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Singers, if you'll come at this time and we'll sing one more song. Lately, all I've got is leaving on my mind. As as singers come, we'll sing this real quick. The old house that I'm living in is needing repair. The windows and the shutters are letting in the cold cold air. I save myself. I'm going to fix it. when I can find the time. Oh, but all I'm getting lately is leaving on my mind. Lately, all I've got is leaving on my mind. Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking about. So much of the time held soon and very soon I'll leave my trles far behind. Oh, and lately I've got leave it on my mind. Well, I guess I should be looking for a better place to live. [Music] Oh, but I can't seem to get excited about this world and what it has to give. I could care less if I could buy it all with a soft tear down. Oh, what good would this world do be with the rapture on my mind? And lately, all I've got is leave it on my mind. Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking about. So much of the time, how soon and very soon I'll leave my trles far behind. Oh, and lately I've got le leaving on my mind. Let's give our singers a hand as you're seated. [Music] If you curse me, then I will bless you. If you hurt me, I will forgive. And if you hate me, then I will love you. I choose the Jesus way. If you're helpless, I will defend you. And if you're burdened, I'll share the weight. And if you're hopeless, then let me show you there's hope in the Jesus way. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. He wore my sin. I'll gladly wear his name. He is the treure. He is the answer. Oh, I choose the Jesus way. [Music] If you strike me, I will embrace you. And if you chain me, I'll sing his praise. And if you kill me, my home is heaven. for I choose the Jesus way. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. He wore my sin. I'll gladly wear his name. He is the treure. He is the answer. Oh, I choose the Jesus way and I choose surrender. I choose to love. Oh God, my Savior, you'll always be enough. I choose forgiveness. I choose grace. I choose to worship no matter what I face. I choose the Jesus way. I choose the Jesus way. I choose the Jesus way. I choose the Jesus way. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. He wore my sin. I'll gladly wear his name. He is the treure. He Oh, I choose the Jesus way. I follow Jesus. I follow Jesus. He wore my sin. I'll gladly wear his name. He is the treure. He is the answer. Oh, I choose the Jesus way. Oh, I choose the Jesus way. [Music] [Music] You. You may feel down and feel like God has somehow forgotten. That you are faced with circumstances that you can get through. [Music] But right now it seems that there's no way out. and you're going under. [Music] But God's proven time and time again that he'll take care of you and he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Oh, just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. He's always come through for you. He's the same now as it. You may not know how and you may not know it, but you'll do it again. God knows the things that you're going through and how you're hurting. [Music] He understands just how your heart has been broken into. He's the God of the sun, the stars, and the sea. and he is your father. He'll calm the storm and he'll find a way and he'll fix it for you and he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. Lord, just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. He's always come through for you. He's the same now as then. You may not know how, and you may not know it, but I'll do it again. And he'll do it again for you. He'll do it again. [Music] Oh, just take a look at where you are now and where you've been. [Music] He's always gone through for you. is the same now as [Music] you may not know how and you may not know it, but do it again. He's always come through for you. He's the same now as then. You may not know how and you may not know it, but I'll do it again. [Music] [Music] Y'all pray for me. I left my home. [Music] I came so far from where I was [Music] to where you are. The bitter tears, [Music] the lonely ache, the many ways a heart can break. [Music] And you were at the center of it all to free you from the prison of the fall. There was no hill too steep for me to climb. No road too long or hard to make you mine. I gave all I had to give and it was worth the cost to say I love you from an old rugged cross. [Music] [Applause] I took your guilt. [Music] I bore your shame. And I would do it all again. My open arms reached out through grace to pull you in through love and praise. It's been spoken in a thousand different ways. Yet the cross said more than words could ever say. [Music] There was no hill too steep for me to climb. No road too long and hard to make you mine. [Music] I gave all I had to give. And it was worth the cost to say I love you from an old cross. [Music] Let's sing this again. I took your gift. [Music] I bore your shame and I would do it all again. My open arms reached out through grace to pull you in through love and grace. It's been spoken in a thousand different ways. [Music] Yet the cross said more than words could ever say. There was no hill too steep for me to climb. No road too long or hard to make you mine. I gave all I had to give and it was worth the cost to say I love you. Oh, how I love you from an old rugged cross. [Music] Amen. How many enjoyed those specials this morning? Amen. We all just stand together. There was one announcement that I forgot to read. Our Fourth of July meetings are less than 3 weeks away and we have begun planning several activities. We need sisters to sign up for kitchen help and brothers to sign up for help in the fellowship hall. 2hour time slots are planned to allow rest time for us to enjoy these special meetings. You may sign up for more if you wish. It is very important. We fill all slots to allow us to do all that is planned. Please sign up ASAP so we can finalize plans. Signup sheets are in the library. Amen. and we'll sing this little course and ask brother Donnie to come and bring us the word of the Lord. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment your needs. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord. You'll find he's never too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. Every need he will supply if you'll reach out. Touch the Lord as he Can we sing it once again? Let's just believe it with all of our hearts. Reach out and touch the Lord. As she goes by, you'll find he's not too busy. Whatever your heart's cries today, oh, he's passing by this moment. Yes, Lord Jesus. He will supply. You'll reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. [Music] I believe it's just that simple today. No doubt if there would be a scale or a measure by which we would try to weigh every need and every request and every desire. Some might be on the light end. Some might be on the medium end of the scale. Others might be so heavy it would seem that it would bury the needle as far as intensity and how important it is that people be ministered to today. That's one thing we love about our Lord is that whether you're on the light end of the scale today with your burdens or whether you're plum over on the other side and you feel so overloaded and so underprivileged and underst staffed in your walk. He's mindful of every one of them. Yeah. Aren't you glad that's the way he is? How many would like to be remembered today as we as we pray? God bless you. Heavenly Father, we are indeed grateful for the opportunity that once again we could come into your courts with praise and thanksgiving. Your prophet has taught us that whenever we go to prayer that we should start out with a little bit of praise and loving you. Most of us are so busy and we got so much on our schedule and so much we're doing. And I wonder how many times we don't get what we need because we don't follow the divine protocol. We just call always calling on your name in time of urgency and our request. And we should always start out with that. Lord, we love you with all of our hearts today. We've come once again, Father, not just because it's what people do on Sunday, but we have needs, desperate needs, desires. Father, we petition you today, that you'd speak to us. Your prophet has taught us that this is one of the reasons that we come to church is to find our faults, find our shortcomings so we can be helped. I pray that you would take the word today and speak to us. Help me, Lord, that I can get out of the way. In the name of Jesus, we ask it. Amen. God bless you. Let's turn second Peter chapter 1 verse two. Certainly want to say to all of our fathers today, wish you a happy Father's Day. Trust it'll be a good day for you. I certainly wish my father was alive, would you? so we could call him on the phone and tell him how much we love him and appreciate him. So if yours is still where you can, I advise you to do it because one day if he's taken before you, you'll realize all the opportunities that you missed. Little things that cost you absolutely nothing. I've buried many, many people, sat in the funeral homes with them, sat in counsel before the burial and afterwards. And some of the things I've heard of the regrets of people have been so simple. I buried rich people. I buried people that struggle from one paycheck to another. I have never had anyone where they were the ultimate rich or just, you know, did very well, no one to ever tell me, I wish I could have left them another million. I wish I could have done this or I could have done that. But sometimes it's the most simple things. I wish I'd have made more time. I wish instead of buying them $150 shoes or, you know, giving them this or that, the other that I would have just let them know verbally, I love you so much. May God help us. I want to be a better person, don't you? Yes. I realize that a lot of people so emphasize on the supernatural in the day that we're living. And I believe in the supernatural myself. As a matter of fact, our God is a supernatural God. But the way I look at supernatural myself and from the scripture and from the message is that supernatural does not just include miracles and healing for the body. Some of the greatest miracles I've ever seen in my life is God healing old wounds that people incurred from parents, grandparents, people they worked with. and it seemed as if though it was a hopeless case. Sometimes people are good in their body, but in their spirit and in their mind, they're really sick. They're really sick. So, may God minister to us today, the whole man. We believe in the full gospel, don't we? Amen. God bless you. Um, Brother Andrew Glover, I heard from him while ago before I come out and he wanted me to greet you all. said he certainly misses getting to be here. Um, so I told him we'd like have to get him back sometime and visit with us. And we certainly love brother Andrew and his family. Second Peter 1:e 2. Remember, we've been speaking now for pretty good while on the right, the bride's bill of rights. And this is one of your rights as a member of the elect body of God is to be built into an image by which God can project his divine presence into you and you become a living tabernacle of the living God. 2 Peter chapter 1:2, "Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power has given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us unto glory and virtue." I love that. whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these great and precious promises, you might be partakers of the divine nature. Now, I mentioned to you last Sunday, many people will stand before the Lord Jesus and they parttook of Holy Ghost power. Paul says in the book of Hebrews that many will of course they'll stand there that day and tasted the good word of God and they even ptook of a portion of the world that is to come and will be lost. So to me reading here what Peter says he doesn't say partakers of miracles or healings and things like that and we we believe in that but we could fall from that. But if we actually partake of the divine nature, here's your seal, brothers and sisters, that we might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, to temperance patience. to patience, godliness, to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. Let's read again if you would in verse five. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge. Now, these are the building materials that God is going to build his people out of. And he will build church ages of course which he has and he's building individuals in those church ages out of the same material. This is what we want to look at today by the help of the Lord and to knowledge temperance. Temperance, self-control, the virtue of one who masters his desires and passions, especially his sensual appetites. And notice, he masters them. One who masters them. and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness. So then temperance is more than just us trying to uh bring our our temper to where that it's just instead of saying you know really really bad cuss words we just kind of minimize it and we just say milder cuss words or it's instead of us just having a fit you know a temper tantrum or a fit we just u really try to tone it down and and calm it and no actually It's neither one of those. It's by the grace of God controlling it, mastering it. Now, I believe with all of my heart right here today, God will deliver some people in this building if you will open your heart to the word and catch the channel of the spirit of God. Now, maybe it may not be a physical miracle. It may not be a physical healing that you need, but if you one of you today would be able to be delivered from this type of a temper, it will be greater than had your legs been lame and you could not walk and you walked out of here. Or if you had one blinded eye and God opened that eye and you saw or one ear or both was totally deaf and God opened them because this is something Peter never said now add to your lame legs open blinded eyes and then after you have open blinded eyes and add that to your ability to dance and scream and holler and shout and we we believe in all that don't I said, "Don't we?" But that's not what God is building you out of as an individual. It's not the supernatural realm. And you see, because many people have the first level of the foundation, which is faith. That's what they emphasize on. You want me tell you why? Because it's much easier to emphasize on faith that you have than temperance which you don't have. So, it's much easier for us to look at what God's been able to do for us and through our lives. And praise God, I I man, I'm really moving up there. And how many years have you been on faith? Oh, yeah. How many years have you been on the second virtue or maybe on the third? But you see, for us, all seven of these are required for a body change. It's more serious than what we take it to be. Notice we'll go back to this again. The statue of a perfect man. We come to temperance now and you've had faith first. And you have to have that to begin with. Then you add virtue to your faith. If it's the right kind of virtue. So there's two kinds of virtue. Two kinds of faith. Two kinds of temperance. Knowledge. All that. Two kinds of remember that. If it's the right kind of virtue, then you add knowledge. If it's the right kind of knowledge. Now you're going to add temperance. And temperance doesn't mean stop drinking alcohol here either. No. No, temperance doesn't mean alcoholic cure. Not in this case. This is Bible temperance, Holy Spirit temperance. That's just one of the lusts of the flesh. But we're talking about Holy Spirit temperance. That means how to control your tongue. Amen. Not be a tadler. How to control your temper. not fly off every time anybody speaks cross to you. Oh my boy, a lot of us are going to fall off before we get started, aren't we? Then we wonder why God's not in his church doing miracles and things that he used to do. Now, I find this quote amazing because the greatest miracles are happening. This is 1962 that has ever been in the church in its entire history. It's going on around the world and not only in brother Adam's ministry and TA Osborne's ministry. AA Allen's going wide open. Many brothers all over the world revival fires were burning and people were being healed. My goodness, in the Philippines and Jamaica, everywhere by this time frame. If you've never studied the revival during this time frame, none of us have ever seen anything like what was going on. But I wonder, is he talking about the kind of miracles we think? Or is he talking about the miraculous chains of a soul and a makeup of a human being that seems more impossible to cure than a cancer? Amen. Do you understand? Temper can be worse than a cancer. Cancer cannot caner your soul in hell, but temper can. Preach it, brother. Go ahead. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, let's look at Moses today. How many believes he was a great prophet of God? But Moses had a problem. Moses had a temper and it was a bad one. And as a matter of fact, it finally kept him out of the promised land. Notice a prophet in dealing with Moses. He said he was born in this world to be a deliverer just like Christ and all how his work and how he was a lawgiver. Went up to the mountains and stayed 40 days, come back out with the law. His besetting sin was temper. Wow. A prophet of God. A prophet that could strike the rock. A prophet that could do miraculous and signs and wonders. But what's amazing was he could do all of this supernatural outside of his own being. And none of that none of that was what kept him out of the promised land or gave him the right of passage because you smoke the rock and water can came out. You can come on in because you call for lice and frogs and and plagues and pestilence. I'll overlook your human makeup and I'll let you come on in because you've had such phenomenal miracles. Nobody's ever done what you ever done. But God would not let Moses go into the promised land because he had such a violent temper. Amen. Oh my. Now notice his besetting sin was temper. He broke the commandment, went back up, showing that that priesthood must die and pass away. And you know, did you ever study that right close? Moses had a temper, you know, that finally kept him out of the promised land, his temper. God, speak to us today. Now let's look at it naturally. Let's look at it medically, psychologically also. I put this up here so you could read it with me. Anger is part of the fight, freeze or flight response in which the adrenals, the adrenal glands flood the body with stress hormones. Most of us have got so many stress hormones and our body is like drinking coffee and Kool-Aid in the day we live. Now notice what it does. This is your makeup. God knowing after the fall that we would need this in our makeup. It it it's amazing to me. It's fight, freeze, or flight. All of us, no doubt, if you're at least 2 minutes old, have experienced this. So when circumstances will happen that we we fight or we freeze, we just don't know what to do for a few moments or flight. We just take off running. We we just don't know what to do. Now watch what is happening inside of our body is amazing thing because these adrenal glands and our body are releasing hormones as adrenaline and cortisol. We experience physiological effects like an increased heart rate and blood pressure rapidly pushing blood to the heart. The body is physically preparing to fight to defend itself or flee from danger. But now we were designed even after the fall to only experience so much release of this and our body at any given time which would come momentarily whenever we would need it. And then the adrenal glands would stop permeating our body with this and then our body would start calming down. Then the body would process this and do something with these hormones. But I want you to listen what anger does and temper. Experiencing anger triggers the body to release stress hormones which over time can take a toll on your heart health. Isn't that amazing? So we quit eating certain foods, we exercise, we do all kinds of things for our heart health and killing oursel with temper and anger. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amens aren't expected, but they are appreciated. I had a few people after the service last week. They was texting amen while I was preaching because I couldn't be here at church. I didn't get it as delayed. Brother Phillip, I didn't get it till after I walked back around in the office. But I appreciated somebody at least text me. You know, now notice research shows that anger, even momentary anger measured by changes in facial expression, results in changes in the heart that wor worsen the muscle's ability, the heart muscle to pump blood, which can lead to high blood pressure, which of course then we go to the doctor and they put us on high blood pressure pills. But let me not recommend that you call your physician tomorrow, but let me recommend that you go to the very cause for some of you what's causing your blood pressure to be so high. Now watch, it can lead to high blood pressure and subsequent complications like heart disease. Oh my. heart attack, stroke, metabolic syndrome. So you quit eating fats, and you're my you're so heart conscience and eat Cheerios till you become a walking Cheerio and a bowl of oatmeal cuz you're so worried about your heart and get madder than a hornet. and let that stuff run through your body and do more damage than a truckload of Hostess Twinkies dipped in vanilla ice cream. Oh, but you watch that weight and you watch them carbs and you watch this and that and the devil is pulling one over on you. Amen. By your temper and your anger. Amen. Amen, brother. Praise the Lord. Research accordingly shows that people with higher anger, those who tend to perceive situations as hostile and are less capable of controlling their hostile thoughts and feelings are at greater risk of coronary heart disease. Boy, we preach on people for smoking, man. We'll preach on them for drinking. We'll preach on them and we'll look down our big long crooked nose at anybody that don't do this and that and the other. Take care of yourself, brother. Your body is a house of God. Shame on you. Spitting that amir out on the on the parking lot out there. My walked in here with that old stinking cigarette smoke all over your clothes and all the rest of us glorified holy saints have to say you're nearly choked to death. Oh my. And you get so mad it feels like your heart's going to explode. You are a hypocrite. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen, brother. Preach it now. Amen. I'm not sure how many parts you're going to have on this temperance, but I figure if there's many more, if there's another Sunday or two, y'all going to come in. You're dressed up like football people. helmet on, pads, you know, all that sort of thing because you're thinking, "Oh, Lord have mercy." Another study found that higher trait anger was also linked to higher risk of deaths from coronary heart disease and complications. Evidence also suggests that anger is specifically linked to higher risk of heart attacks. Welcome to the real world. And you talking about a miracle from God that God right here in this service today could deliver people whether they're visible or streaming and deliver them from temper and anger that is so severe that will take them to a premature grave if they don't get it stopped. Amen. I'll let you ponder on that before I read it to you. In a systematic review that looked to studies with a total of nearly 4,000 participants for from more than 40 medical centers in the United States. Researchers found a more than twofold increase in heart attacks within two hours after an anger outburst. Anybody know who the first person was mentioned in the Bible that displayed anger like this? Cain. Yes, he is. Why art thou so ros and why is thy countenance fallen? Now, he's the first one to experience this type of anger. Now, think of it. Adam never experienced this and Abel never experienced. We have no written scriptures that Ces ever did. But after Genesis 6, then this become bred in the human DNA gene pool. And also by nature which can be inherited from parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles. Boy, did we get a lot from our family. Now seeing what this can do to an individual. So within this was a research out of over 4,000 people and 50 different medical centers in the United States and then they traced it back to people who had a big temper fit twice as many heart attacks. This suggests more intense anger is indeed worse for your heart. The researchers noted anger can also disrupt your digestion. Much research shows that the brain and the gut are in constant communication and influence each other. Wow. We could enjoy our dinner a lot better, I guess, if we had the right thinking, couldn't we? Amen. You see, also too much anger hinders our mental health. Oh, seemed like I remember reading to you last week, did I not? that God's prophet said that anger and temper is the first stage of insanity. Of course, he was saying this before this article was written. They'll eventually catch up if time goes on. Being in a state of anger strains can take a toll too on mental health. Studies show that anger is often elevated in emotional disorders such as anxiety and depression and is associated with both worse symptoms and a lesser response to treatment. Anger, especially prolonged anger, can also affect our concentration and thinking patterns. It can make us more hostile or cynical, which can take a toll on our relationships. Oh, wow. And ability to form bonds. All of this can certainly be damaging to our well-being. Now, remember, this is not from the Church of God seminary. This is not from the Assembly of God. This is not even from your message. This is just medical science. And you can pull part of it up just like I did by doing an AI search if you'd like to. So this is what they are saying out here. And yet God's prophet was saying it decades ago and warning us. But remember, he's not just preaching it for those that God would show him had a temper, but he's preaching it from a firsthand experience. since he ate most of his meals when he was a young boy through a straw. Come on. Now, I realize you won't hear these things preached by a lot of preachers and a lot of people because they want to make Brother Brandham an idol. He was not an idol. He was a man who need to be saved. He was a man who needed the Holy Ghost. He was a man who needed to be delivered of such a temper. And the church said, "I personally can follow a man like that." What about you? I can follow a man that can stand up and be honest and tell us that he had need of God in his life. Now watch. It can make us more hostile or cynical and can take a toll on our relationships and ability to form bonds. All of this can certainly be damaging to well-being. Our anger reactions can cause harm to our most important relationships. Now, this is quoting here a doctor of the specialty of this. This guy's name was Tarfrey. Humans are social creatures and we need social connections to thrive. But you know what I find amazing is that Satan will find Christians my much more about this than he will even worldly people and get you at odds with people you go to church with. Well, I ain't having no fellowship with nobody. I can't get along with this person. I can't get along with that. I'll tell you everybody at the church. It must be everybody else. Uh you might ought to look inward. You might ought to look at yourself a little bit in the mirror. You might find a guilty party when you're combing your hair and brushing your teeth. Praise the Lord. You see the physical impact, stress response, high temper often leads to increased stress levels. Well, isn't that nice? So, the more angry we get, the more stress we create. God, we need some temper miracles. Amen. We need some stress relief miracles. Ah, but I figure that even if we had a whole bunch here today, a lot of folks wouldn't turn in a praise testimony. Well, glory to God. I want to thank the Lord. He delivered me last Sunday from temper. I used to do this and I used to do that. Glory to God. I don't do it no more. We're so afraid somebody will think less of us. Well, why don't we be real? Just real real plain and honest with one another today. There ain't a person here that don't need some help from God. I'm talking about even the man in the pull pit preaching to you today. This is why we come to the house of God. It's not a social place whether we gather together and we'll fix up a few hot dogs and a few hamburgers and French fries and we'll see how we can talk about our business. Our souls are at stake, friends. Oh my. Now notice what it does. So it leads to increased stress levels which can elevate blood pressure and heart rate. Inflammation. Inflammation. Chronic anger and irritability may contribute to inflammation linked to conditions like heart disease and diabetes. Immune function. Persistive negative emotions can weaken weaken the immune system, making individuals more susceptible to illnesses. And you'll take vitamin A and B and C and D on down to Z plus to boost your immune system. And one of the greatest greatest things you can do is put a smile on your face and be happy. Now, if you're low on A, take it. If you're low on D, take it. But a lot of us are are low on H, happy. Amen. We're low on happy. We're low on J, joy. We're low on P, peace. Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. Notice anxiety and depression. Frequent anger can correlate with higher rates of anxiety and depression. Coping mechanisms. Individuals with a quick temper may resort to unhealthy coping strategies such as substance abuse. Now, I want you to listen at this statement that was made in April the 5th, 1956. God don't want you to be frowned. Let your face know that this morning, please. God don't want you to be frowning. God wants you to be happy. The human heart was made to be happy. And word of life church says worry will cause what temper. Temper will cause cancer. And some of you are terrified with carcens and you're terrified with eating so much meat that's cooked on the grill because you saw some YouTube nut that was coming on there said don't eat that and don't do that and don't do that and don't use plastic bowls and don't use this and don't use that. Time they get done you can't even breathe. But I'm time a bunch of these nuts and you'll sit there and ridicule a preacher that's trying to bring you a better life and fill your life with a bunch of nigh heads on YouTube so you can be healthy. My goodness. Worry will cause cancer. Is there anybody here honest enough today that'll raise your hand and say you need to be a more worry-free Christian? I'd get the other one up here if I could so all four will be up at one time. Tell me what is worry done for any of us. Worry causes cancer. Temper causes cancer. Don't never be upset. Now, I don't mind tell you them is some short little simple words, but I need help with that. Don't never be upset. Just walk in his love. Amen. Knowing that you're walking in him and nothing can harm you. I guess the question is, do we believe this part of the message or do we not? Watch the social consequences of this relationships. A volatile temper can strain personal and professional relationships leading to social isolation. Work environment. Anger can affect workplace dynamics potentially resulting in conflicts and reduced productivity. Wow. Sound like to me tempers been a lot of our problems. Like it's a lot of the world's problems. We we we should be able to say amen to this since our country is rocking this weekend over riots and all types of bomb threats and cars being burned, homes being destroyed. Come on, church. All over America, from the west coast to the e east coast. Some of our saints that was traveling back from a trip wasn't even sure if they was going to be able to get home because of bomb threats on planes, bomb threats in airports. The Marines have been called out. The National Guard are being called out. Policemen are being hit. State troopers are being hit with rocks. Anybody seen the news today? They're burning cars. are destroying buildings. What is it? Worry free. I don't think they're worry free and they're wanting to say we don't we don't have no king. Well, we do. We've got one king and that ain't Trump. It's King Jesus. But I'll tell you one thing, they're not displaying what this country was founded upon. Come on, somebody. And are they going to be more happy when they do like this? No. I'll tell you what's going to happen. There will be more stress. There'll be more doctor visits. It would be interesting to see after people get out there and act like a bunch of idiots, how many of them will wind up going to the ER. How many of them will wind up not because they got hit in the head with a police baton, but because they release so much cortisol and so much stress hormones in their body, they'll have heart attacks. But I'll tell you what you and I need to do. We need to hide in the blood of the Lord Jesus and say, "Lead me to the rock that is higher than high." All we see around us is stress and trouble. But I believe children of God can still have a happy life, a peaceful life, full of joy, full of power, full of the Holy Ghost. And look at the devil and say, "Devil, you ain't controlling my joy. Devil, you ain't controlling my peace. These are your people, but I'm not one of your people. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] You know, I was telling the boys a while ago coming over, I said, "You know how we must be happy all the time?" God don't want you to be sad. You know what illtemper does? What that old temper, that's one of the awstickness is temper. Oh, but no, brother D. Mine's blood pressure and mine's mental instability and mine's this and mine's that. Are you sure? Or is it that furnace inside of you? And when somebody says something to you just like that, you lose that temper. Your face gets red. Depends on your makeup. Some when they get that way, their top lip starts quivering. I've dealt with a few Christians that way and I knew I was really getting on their toes and they could hold or try to hold it down. You know, nobody won't see it. Nothing. them and then you need a miracle. You need a miracle. Anybody here today say, "God, I need a miracle. You've come to the right place. He sent his word and heals him." Listen to this. About 60% of all cause of all sickness is temper. Yes, sir. Tantrums. You fly loose. Remember, you're just developing a cancer ulcer or something like that. When you do it, when you get all stowed up about somebody and I won't go back there anymore. Oh, but we scream about the seven thunders and we shout about all the message. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, the message, the seven seal, man. We've got more than anybody else does. Praise the Lord. If we do not meet this standard, we will miss the rapture just like the rest of the church systems out here in the world. Amen. Your long hair will be worthless. Wearing your dresses, your brothers not looking like sissies, and being perverts will amount to nothing. That's right. If we are not made into the image of the living God, when you get all stood up about somebody, I won't go back there anymore. Wait, I'll give them a piece of my mind. If I was you, I'd keep all the pieces you have. You're probably going to need it. Remember, you're the one that's going to pay for it. Just keep happy. Notice the church in this condition. The first time you get one of those little temper spasms, the dove flies right away. That's right. She can't stand it. I find this amazing that he would use the feminist gender to describe the spirit of God. She can't stand it. Her nature's different. She can't stand that at all. And you go to talking about your neighbor, she can't stand that. Come on. She just won't put up with it. He just takes his flight. Wow. Can't you see how Christ and the bride are both identified in this manifestation? She, she, she, and then he, the real bride, come from the same source as he did. That's right. Amen. Notice again lifting him up out of history. I found this yesterday. I thought, "Oh my goodness." I just thought it was such a phenomenal quote. A Methodist God, a Baptist God, a Presbyterian God, a Pentecostal God. They won't work. Get the God of this Bible. A Pentecostal God will go right out in the world. Amen. But the God of the Bible will make you like Jesus. He sure will. His spirit will dwell in you. All your life will be changed. That temper, that malice, that unforgiving spirit, that thing, it'll caner your soul in a lost eternity. He didn't mention adultery and we know that well, drinking. temper caner canker your soul in a lost eternity. Why, brother Donnie? Because temper of this type is of the devil, not of God. That's right. It is satanic, friends. And some of you have tried your whole life to subject it. But if you're dealing with something of this type right here, let me just go ahead and tell you, it's greater than you. Amen. But I believe our God is here to deliver today. That temper, that malice, that unforgiving spirit, that thing, it'll caner your soul. and a lost eternity. Now watch this. In faith is the v our victory. Dear God, we would ask thy divine mercy upon these waiting penitent souls who believe that you are a reward of those who diligently seek after thee. And I would ask you to be merciful in them, Lord. And and whatever there is, listen at the different cancers. The cancer of doubt, the cancer of temper, the cancer, you mean doubt. It's like a cancer. And what does a cancer do? It says one thing about the cells that so far they've not been able to to switch it off. All the rest of the cells of our bodies, they have an off and on switch and they don't just constantly make make but there's a shut off and the body, you know, regulates all that by the divine creator. But with cancer cells, they just keep multiplying, multiplying, multiplying, multiplying. That's why it takes over the human body. And so far, they've not been able to figure out the trigger of it to be able to shut it down. if they could ever shut down that trigger and kill those live cells that never reproduce again. And he would use these words to describe doubt as it being a cancer. So what does it do? It grows in a person's heart, in a person's mind. God don't love me. God don't care for me. God won't move for me. And then it'll keep growing and growing and growing because that little switch is not shut off. God will send an evangelist by this. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I think he was speaking to me, but I'm not sure. God will have the pastor to speak. And I I don't know. I don't know why. Because that cell there, that spiritual cell does not want you to hear the word, which will reach over there and turn that switch off and that doubt will die. So what's the doubt do? It keeps multiplying, multiplying, growing, growing. Now look at temper. the cancer of temper, the malignancy of unbelief. Take it out just now, Lord, and give them the Holy Ghost. Fill their soul with your goodness. Baptize them into thy kingdom just now. Notice again he said you got a temper and that just makes you fly loose. That's the devil. He bites you. He bites you. Jesus. He will poison your experience. It's like sulfuric acid. It'll kill you and you'll be lost. Friends, don't be proud of this. Don't look at your temperance. It's something to brag about. It is not. It will kill you and you will be lost. You'd be surprised at the preachers in this message that have such a temper. I deal with them. I know around the world. You disagree with them. Boy, they'll get in the pullpit and they'll hammer you. They'll get mad on a hornet. And preach and shout and jump and run. Talk about miracles. Why? foundation of faith. But you see, we got to keep on climbing. We got to keep on climbing. Some of you wonder why you've never gone any farther than God. It seemed like you've reached the spot. Maybe this is it right here for some of you. I know it's not for everybody. I know that. I realize that. But I've got to preach what God puts on my heart. So, if there'll be one person here today that'll receive a miracle from this, will you all tolerate me? Will you all tolerate the service? Oh, God. Now, watch this. In in a discernment here, the the lady sincerely confessed and she said she has a spirit on her of high temper. And we realize that's that's not nice. That's a nice way to say that it wasn't nice, was it? That's not nice. But sister, not only you, but there's plenty of us in here, and maybe some might not be as honest to confess it. But he that will confess his sins, he that will hide his sins will not prosper. But he that will confess his sins shall find mercy. You know that. So I pray, heavenly father, bow your hands on sister that this temporal believer may it never bother her again in the name of Jesus Christ. Bless you sister. A man by discernment. Our heavenly father realizing that we never know what time our hearts going to stop. It might at any minute and brother brother do you notice it's parallel not not even the same place but he could call the one sister and they call the brother not a brother or my brother but brother but brother has heart trouble and with a temper that could cause him to fly into tantrums that devil would like to take him to a premature grave and not by drinking, not by robbing a bank, running around with another man's wife, but by having heart trouble. Now, notice here the prophet is identifying this temper with heart trouble before all these studies and before all the research of all these clinics. Praise God. But I as your servant along with all these other servants tonight, we ask that in the name of Jesus Christ that the temper will leave him and the heart will be made well. You see, it wouldn't do any good to pray that the heart would be made well if you would leave what is agitating the sickness and causing the heart trouble. So deal with both. So don't just preach to me about divine healing and miracles and and then that but let's go down into the spirits of some of our people. Let's go down in and preach the gospel of the whole man and see if we don't find anxiousness about this and and all types of hard feelings about that. Come on, somebody. Unforgiving spirits and anger and whatever more. Let's let's bring healing to the whole man and it will lead to a change in our body. [Applause] He will be true to Christ all the days of his life and will be well to serve him in Jesus name. Amen. Bless you, brother. I believe it's all over. And you've been healed. So, I wasn't just healed in his heart, but he got delivered of that temper. No doubt this man got sick again, died of something else. I'm sure he's not still alive, but being healed of that temper will be with him forever. He could have got healed of his heart and if he had not been delivered of such a temper, he would have been lost. lost betting off the pressure and he's talking about the pressure building in the world and in the church. Boy, if he thought it's bad in ' 62, wonder what he'd say about it now. Even Christians, it's bothering them. See some of them all pressured up and they snap you off and enough temper all built up the way like they're going to blow up. What's the matter? Something's wrong. That shouldn't be. Temper comes from Satan. Why would we want to hold on to anything that comes from Satan? Put the Lord between you and that sin. Whatever that little besetting sin is. It might be lying. It might be stealing. It might be evil thinking. It might be temper. It might be drinking, smoking, gambling. You mean to tell me he would put temper with drinking, gambling, smoking? Yeah. Temper can be a besetting sin just like the person that cannot stop gambling. But of course, it's hidden. Many times only the wife sees it or the children or the husband if it's vice versa or the pastor. Because believe me, I know people in a way that most of you don't know them. All pastors do and it's so hid and nobody ever sees it until you ruffle their feathers with the word of God. Oh, and then all of a sudden you'll see something raise up. Oh my, there's deliverance for you today. Amen. My God, help us. Let me find a place to close down because I can tell you're getting heavier and heavier, harder and harder to get them amens. Before long, you're going to be saying amen. 14 syllables. That was a joke. Y'all should have laughed on that one. Thank you. Oh boy. Either my jokes are rotten or y'all are really heavy. That word is the truth. And the spirit of God will recognize his own writing. He's identified by his writing. It it speaks of him and you're identified by believing. It gives you your credentials of identification. Don't fuss with others. Don't have these family fusses. As I said, love breeds love and temper breeds temper. Can I have a few more minutes? Brother Brandham, when someone gets on me or steps on my toes, this might be a good one. Steps on my toes is the old saying is my temper rises. How can I overcome this thing? I know the Lord will have to do it because I cannot in my heart. I I don't want this thing. Sweeten your temper with prayer. Then make up your mind. Sweeten your temper with prayer than make up your mind. I don't guess that there's too many people in this building that ever had any more temper than I did to begin with. I had my mouth mashed all the time. I'd taken a lot of my meals out of a straw, right? Anybody know what mashmouth means? Folks from Virginia and Kentucky. All the rest y'all, where are you from? Well, this is a common saying in Kentucky. Not so much now because now they do. I'm giving you to 37. [Music] Oh my pre. Some of them would be better off with a little belt. Oh yeah. Instead of the count. Oh my. My mother, as you know, was a half Indian. My father was an Irishman. A Kentucky Irish at that. Now both of them had enough temper to fight above Saul. Now I find it absolutely amazing because brother Brandman speaking about the Pentecostals and he'd talk about them speaking in tongues and jumping and running and shouting and then he'd turn right back around and say and with enough temper to fight above Saul. Does this is one thing friends I do not want in our church. I do not want that kind of Pentecost in our church. It's coming back in the message. That kind is not the Acts two kind. That kind will let you do whatever you want to do and live this and that and the other. And as long as you got signs and wonders and miracles and jump and shout and you shake and quiver and and do I believe in all of that, but don't shout here no high and you live. If you live high, have at her, brother. You can jump to the top of the mezzanine and back if that's what you want to do. But I believe we ought to live what we are shouting about. I believe we ought to jump and shout praise God with all of our hearts and be happy. That's the truth. Now listen at the honesty of this prophet of God. Now he's not talking about yesterday. He's not talking about he's talking about when he was a child. Now all the time my mouse was mashed. So in other words, either mama or daddy or somebody would just take the back of their hand was most the time the way I got it. The back part of the hand cuz the salt softer part of the hand is the front. You know this part right here salt. So you get the knuckles, you get the nails, you get the whole deal. Oh, I cannot believe some of y'all have never had a mashed mouse. Oh my goodness. Now listen. He says, "All that time my mouth was mashed. I was little to begin with and they picked me up and knocked me down and I'd get up again and they'd knock me down again till I wasn't unable to get up anymore. And then when I got able to get up, I'd go up again and then knock me down again. So that's just the way I had it. And I thought I could never be a Christian. But when the Holy Spirit came into my life, say it. You know the evils that I done when I was a kid fighting almost killed five men at one time. Took a rifle loaded with 16 shots. And when them boys beat me because I was a Kentucky, no other reason, I couldn't even hold my head up. One would hold me by my hands like this and the other one would stand there with a rock in his hand and pound me in the face till I was just lifeless. I stepped up with a hammer, pulled back on the rifle, and I said, "Now, which one of you wants to die first so you won't have to watch the others?" Well, that was real courteous. [Laughter] Oh my. They started squealing. Uhhuh. That's the way bullies do. Yeah. That's one thing about bullies. Whether it's pool pit bullies or school bullies, boy, you go to call and they're hiding, you watch them squeal. Oh my. They started squealing. I said, "Don't squeal cuz you're all going to die one by one." Now, you can see why a lot of message people don't read this quote. And they sure don't want no preacher reading it. And they sure wouldn't want no preacher reading it where several thousand people will hear it. But I'm going to read it. Amen. Cuz I want you to know this is why this man could preach it this way. He saw what it done to him and his family. Can I have a few more minutes? Okay. Well, I'm going to take it anyway. You didn't offer it freely, but I'm going to take. I said, "Don't squeal cuz you're all going to die one by one." And I'm meant it. And just then, they started squealing. I pulled up. Snap. The gun snapped. I throwed another shell in. Snapped. It snapped. Another shell. Snapped. It snapped. I pumped 16 shells on the ground and every one of them snapped. Them boys running and screaming. I'd say it this way. Like girls. Oh, I'd love to seen them bullies. Wouldn't you? Whoa, man. Running and screaming like a bunch of girls probably crying. Oh, mama. Mama, mama. them boys running and screaming and diving over the hill and everything. After they left, I stood there. I would get so angry I wouldn't cry. I would laugh like an idiot. Amen. And tears run out my eyes. Brother, sister, can't you see how bad he had it? I'm so glad for sovereign grace. I I don't want to go this way right here, but I I do too. I'm so glad that sovereign grace stepped in and stopped him from doing what he wanted to do cuz God knew I needed a prophet. God knew I needed a message and I needed a messenger and there was nobody else on the earth that could fulfill Malachi 4. Oh, hallelujah. Why didn't God throw him away and say, "I'll tell you what. I'll get Or Roberts. He never done nothing like that. I'll get Benny Graham. He's a good old Baptist boy. He ain't never done nothing like that. But God said, "No, I'm going to step down here and I'm going to stop your gun from going off 16 times because you don't know it yet. But you're going to preach a message and you're going to have quotes and you're going to say it over and over again. I've got another little hillbilly boy from down in Kentucky. He's going to stand there in 2025 and he's going to preach about deliverance from temper. I'm going to have a man there that's going to be delivered. I'm going to have a young girl that's going to be delivered. I'm going to have somebody from Switzerland, somebody from France. And by hearing that word and setting in that service, that evil thing will leave them right there. I would laugh like an idiot and tears run out of my eyes. Now that's a temper. And if it hadn't been for God, I'd been a murderer. A murderer. But sovereign grace stepped in. Abraham would have let his wife went in and become the wife of another man, but sovereign grace stepped in. Amen. A preacher who just stood right here in this pulpit, was abused as a boy, grew up, hated men, hated them, fought before he got saved, would beat men nearly to a pulp. Beat a man and he almost went to prison over it. But his worldly buddies went before the judge and lied and said, "No, no, he didn't do it. No, no, uh-uh. No, he didn't do it." Got filled with the Holy Ghost, got saved, filled with the Holy Ghost, started preaching the message. Still had that anger, that temper. But one day him and his wife was riding down the road listening to a sermon preached by somebody called scarred human beings. And he let out a scream in the car not to scared his wife to death. She said, "What in the world is the matter with you?" He said, "That thing just left me." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh friends, no matter how desperate your needs are today, and you think I'm beyond help, no, you're not. God would not let go of our prophet, God stepped in sovereignly. Maybe there's some of you sitting here today, you'd have been a murderer or you'd been this and that and the other, but God had your name on his book and the devil said, "I'll take him out." And God said, "No, you won't. He's mine. She's mine. She belongs to me and I will step in and I will intervene. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Let me close. Right here's a good spot. If it hadn't been for God, I'd have been a murderer. And I picked up them shells and put them back in the rifle and pow pow, they'd shoot just as good as ever. Talk about grace. Hallelujah. Let's Let's bury it. Hallelujah. With every head bowed, no one looking around. As I said earlier, I know there's people here that it's never been one of your issues, one of your problems. And thank you for being so nice and courteous here in the service today to sit here while God spoke to other people. And let me say to you, those of you that maybe you have extreme temper, others of you, it may not be so extreme, but yet whenever it reaches its peak, you feel so bad and the spirit of God convicts you. Oh, you may not cuss and that sort of thing, but you just said things you shouldn't say, and you hurt the people that you love. You've wounded their hearts and spirits, whatever degree it is today. I believe our master is here. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Anybody just like to be remembered in prayer? Now, not necessarily for temper. Maybe it's maybe it's temper. Maybe it's healing in your body, healing in your spirit. Just it could be many many things but you believe God is mindful of you today. Would you just raise your hand to him? Father, I raise my hands to you as well. I've never had a violent temper. I've never been made up that way. But Lord, I have needs today. Lord, there's others here. They may not deal with that, but they deal with other things. And whatever our needs are and our faults and our shortcomings, we all say we need help from you, Lord Jesus. May your presence move in every heart here today. We desire to be a house, a tabernacle for the living God's presence to live in. Lord Jesus, may the spirit of God from the pull pit back up in the booths upstairs and the nurseries. Lord Jesus, there'll be many, many, many hundreds of people, way more people stream than set here. Lord, I pray you'd minister, dear God, to every heart. Lord, we need miracles here today. Physical ones for sure. People dealing with different sickness and things in their body, but no doubt we need miracles in the spirit. Miracles that will heal the broken. Lord is that brother that I mentioned, dear God, that had dealt with that hatred in his heart for men for years. And he would have been in prison. He would have been in prison had your mercy not intervened. But God, you knew he had a ministry to bring to the bride. And what a blessing he's been. Lord, maybe some of us would have been dead. Some of us would have been this or that or the other if the sovereign grace of God had not stepped in. Oh, I know many of us so cherish our free moral agency. And we think it's just the greatest thing ever was. But if they'd be really honest and look at theirel, they'd be able to realize their free moral agency is what's got them in such a mess and made so many bad decisions in their life. I know some folks don't like divine sovereignty, but I'm so grateful for it myself. The prophet said he would be a mighty discouraged person if he didn't believe in predestination. So would I, Lord, and I'm sure others sitting here today would. We love you, Lord Jesus. We need you, Father. Come by this way today, Lord God. Hallelujah. Anybody that would like to signify, Lord, I need your help today. Just stand to your feet, would you? It doesn't identify that you have a temper. Don't worry about that. It just means you have help from the Lord. You need help. Whatever avenue it is, healing in your body, in your spirit. Well, looks like all of us need help from the Lord today, including the man preaching to you. I want to be more like him. more like him. I'm not sure how much longer I have left on the earth as far as yours goes, but I want every day, every hour to go for him and for his people. I'm sure I've made mistakes, man, your pastor. I hope and trust I've never failed any of you. If I have, please forgive me. If I've ever done anything in any way that's been a stumbling block for before anyone around the world that I've preached to, then I humbly ask you, forgive me. It's not my intention. I've never studied one sermon to throw anything at anybody. I've never studied quotes and scriptures to try to find something to throw at people. I realize when I stand here, I'm going to have to answer for every sermon that I preach. I take this very, very seriously. I say to you as members of the church, would you say the same thing? Lord, if I've ever done anything to anybody, please forgive me. If I've ever been a stumbling block, if we could say it to one another as as the people of God or people that we know around the world, the prophet tells us part of the spirit of this last day is being able to repent. Repent, make things right, fix things. It takes humble people to be able to do it. Me Carol was talking about last night. I told her said, you know, you realize there's there's two things about it. We either humble ourselves before the mighty hand of God or God will humiliate us. I don't want God to humiliate me. I want to humble myself. Do you want to be humiliated? Sometimes the preaching of the word does that. You know why we felt humiliated? It's because we wouldn't humble ourselves. And then God goes to the next degree and then have preachers and sometimes you think, "Lord have mercy. How in the world he know I was doing this or that and the other?" God did it and it made you feel like everybody in the building knew you was guilty. What is it? It's a feeling of humiliation. And if we would stay humble, God will never have to humiliate us. Don't you love him? Would you do me a favor? Would you lay your hands on one another? Brother John, would you come up my brother? With a crowd of this size, no doubt there's many, many needs among us today. I want brother John to pray for us. Oh heavenly father. Yes, Lord Jesus. How rich and perfect is your word, Lord. Oh dear God, oh father God father and we thank you Lord Jesus that you're so mindful of us Lord help us Lord many many things Lord Jesus that the world just overlooks Father help us being your bride Father we're exposed to Father Jesus like not to make us feel bad Lord but to lift us up to get us closer to you Lord yes Lord Jesus we're so thankful Lord and not only are we thankful Lord Jesus but being a bride, we're receptive, Father God, of the creation, Lord Jesus, our identification. Oh, Father, we we're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that you you speak to our word, your your word to us, Lord, and you make us, Father God, obedient, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, we thank you for it, Lord. And Lord, as we pray for one another, we lay our hands on one another, Lord Jesus. We praise you and we thank you, Lord Jesus, that that the word is not only gone forth, Lord Jesus, but it's going to manifest in our lives, Lord. We thank Lord, thank you, Lord Jesus, that you would take your word and and make us better people, Father God. We pray Lord Jesus with our hands laid on one another Father that you would just take us Lord and make this Lord Jesus come manifest in our life. Help us Lord Jesus. May we be mindful father God of what you you have for us Lord Jesus not only temper Lord Jesus but anything that's not like you Lord. I pray that you would just move. We love you. We thank you for it. Oh, Father God, we give you all the praise and the glory, Lord Jesus, for a manifestation in our lives, Lord. Oh, Father, we see the world falling apart, Lord Jesus. But we see you gathering us up together, Father, taking your word and making us what you had in your mind, Lord. We love you. We thank you for it, Lord. Lord, move for us, Lord Jesus. We thank you for it, Lord. We worship you. Oh, we praise you for it, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now, Amen. Let's just worship him a little bit now. Praise the Lord. He's took the water of the word and led us down the steps of the mikvah and we've stepped inside the watery waves once again. And the word has washed us. So we step down into the mikvah and we kneel down and let the water immerse us one more time. And when we come out, we leave our anger. We leave our anxiety, our stress, our worry. Remember, it's one of the last things that the bride did before the bridegroom touched her and took her to himself. She went into the mikvah and there she was washed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing it for us. Let's just worship the Lord a little bit, can we? Before we go, I know you got Father's Day. You're probably going to take your daddies out to eat with them and all that sort of thing, but let's just honor our real father for a few moments before we go. Let's just worship the Lord Jesus together. I need you, Lord. Just sing it to him now. I need you, Lord, right now. Yes, Lord God. We do, Father, like never before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I lift my hands, bow my knees, and worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. right now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Jesus. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now. We need you, Lord. We lift our hands, [Music] bow our knees, and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. [Music] Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. I need you, Jesus. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. We need you more than ever before. We lift our hands to our knees and worship at your throne. We need you Lord. We need you Lord right now. Oh, we need you Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We We need you here. And we need you, Lord. Oh, we need you, Lord, right now. Come and set your people free. Oh, as we lift our hands, we bow our knees and worship your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Oh, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] [Applause] I need you, Lord. I need you right now. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I lift my hands. I bow my knees and worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is pass. Sing by this moment your need. He will supply if you'll just reach out. out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Saints, reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Go find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is passing by this morning. Your need. He will supply. You'll just reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. go find. He's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is see by this moment. Every need he can supply. If you'll just reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord [Music] as he goes by. Oh, find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is passing by this moment. your need. He will supply if you'll just reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. We shall [Music] touch the Lord as he goes by. You find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is pad. Sing by this moment your need he will supply. If you'll reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by [Music] you are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship of you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. For you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here and you're healing every heart. heart. I worship you. I worship you. For you are a maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are a maker. Miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here and you're turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here and you're in every heart. I worship you. I worship you for you way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here and you're touching every life. I worship you. You worship the earth. You are here and you're meeting every need. I worship you. I worship you. We worship you. way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Applause] Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. And you never stop cuz you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are a maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you is who you are. That is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. That is who you are. Way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Cuz you way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. For you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. It's hard to put into words what we've heard today and how our how our life could be changed like that. Hallelujah. There's no no good song to end on when the presence is like this and you hate to leave and I hate to go. But we'll sing we'll sing one more song. What's that old that song that we got stuck on for a while? Daryl Luster song Johnson Revor. If me and you both can't remember, we're in trouble. Amen. Let's just sing. We'll sing Amazing Grace. Y'all are dismissed. You can remember service on Wednesday night. We'll sing Amazing Grace. My chains are gone. I feel like there's some shackles at this pull pit this morning and at the seats. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood his mercy rains unending love. Amazing grace. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relie. How precious is that grace appear? The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has risen me. And like the blood, his mercy, unending love, amazing grace. [Music] The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He will my sh and as long as life my chains are gone. I've been set free. God my savior has ransomed me and my God his mercy reign [Music] free my chains are gone I've been set My God, my savior has rising [Music] amazing grace. The earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun for to shine. But God who called me here below will be forever. [Music] My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like God, his mercy reigns. mighty love. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
