################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-08 - The Bride's Dowry Pt.3 - 10082025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-08
Title:   The Bride's Dowry Pt.3 - 10/08/2025
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMnkHwiYDCo
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Let's just stand tonight as we sing it to him. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. in prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. [Music] All inside pray that night and in their name began to sing. Their chains were loosed. Oh, and they were free. Oh, and they sang. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. [Music] I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name till midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and praise. by those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. We bless your name. We bless your name. &gt;&gt; We bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. We bless your name. Oh, we bless your name. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing it to him one more time tonight. We bless your name. Your name. We bless your name. Your name. We give you honor. We give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. We bless your name. Oh, we bless your name. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Oh my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. love. Oh my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath, all that I am, never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth and the sea. [Music] Power and majesty, praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roll at the sound of your name. I sing your joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you forever. I stand. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Let's sing that first verse again. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. My days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Oh my comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge [Applause] all that I am. Never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth will sing. Majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you forever. I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Aren't you so glad tonight? Nothing compares, amen, to the promises, amen, through Christ tonight. Amen. You can be seated this evening. There's quite a few prayer requests. Uh several testimonies also uh this evening. Uh quick announcement. Brother Michael said uh wanted to announce everything looks good for the fall festival for Friday. Uh just a reminder that food is free, but parking is $100 a car. So you can make that check. Half to me, half to him, too. Make 50 to Michael and 50 to me. But no, he said, "Better say I'm kidding." Looking forward to everyone and having a great time. So I think it starts at 6 maybe. Yeah. 6 o'clock. Everybody's shaking their head. Yes. So 6 o'clock Friday night. Amen. Just looking for a wonderful time of fellowship. Amen. And food as well. Also, brother Tyler uh Gagnon, sister Caitlyn would uh like to announce the safe arrival of Eastston Mary and Gagnon. Both baby and mother are doing well and they want to thank everyone for their prayers. PS, brother Tyler is doing well as doing well also. So, we certainly are thankful for the Lord for another delivery of a sweet little baby. Just uh thankful for that everything's fine. A testimony I want to read to you tonight. Uh Sister Linda Loris sends or turns this in. I was told 6 months ago by a cancer doctor that I had 6 months to live. In two weeks, it will be 6 months and I'm still alive. Doing great and in no pain. I know the Lord has healed my body. The cancer is gone. The hospice nurse says it's a miracle. Appreciate brother Donnie, Sister Carol. Thank God I'm healed. Thanks to the saints for your prayers. God is a mira miracle worker tonight. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise, Sister Linda. Amen. What a what a wonderful testimony tonight. Uh, Brother Rocky Ward also wants to turn in testimony. Want to thank everyone who prayed for Sister Teresa during her heart cath procedure. Went very well. No stints were required. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank the Lord for that good report tonight. Amen. Give the Lord a hand tonight. I have another testimony this evening. It says um Elaine Carter uh Katherine asked for prayer for her sister Gretchen Katherine um she had back in July she had cancers doctor um she had a terminal small cell cancer um doctors I think given her no hope back in July doctors told her this week that she is cancer-free and she wants to thank the church for their prayers. Amen. So certainly appreciate those testimonies. Amen. Those are wonderful testimonies tonight. At this time, we don't want to remember these requests in prayer. Please pray for my mama. She's having several tests run before having a procedure for aortic stenosis. Pray for success and a speedy recovery. Sister Cynthia Parker turns that in. So we want to remember that need tonight. Uh want to remember a friend of Sister Louise McKenna in prayer. Her name is Debbie Webb, dealing with several physical needs in her body. Appreciate your prayers. Also, uh, Sister Louise is dealing with migraine, and we appreciate your prayers as well. I want to remember Rhonda Lambi from Hardy, Arkansas, uh, from Brother Jason Jackson's, has cancer, gave her just two days to live, and says she has three children that she would love to see saved. So, we certainly pray that the Lord would be mindful of that need and that mother's heart and that request. Amen. Sister Ruth Louise Jack's called to ask for prayer concerning a financial matter with an individual that God knows all about. Brother Keith Phillips home. Want to remember him in prayer. Isn't feeling well since Tuesday. Unable to be in service tonight. Uh Sister Eva Hegy from Illinois wants to thank the Lord for answering prayer concerning a serious situation involving the safety of her granddaughter. God is good. She's also requested prayer for a family um for her family about some needs that the Lord knows all about. So unspoken request tonight. I want to remember brother Lee Whamsley in prayer. He recently had rotator cuff surgery and nerve damage repaired on his shoulder surgery went well. He would appreciate prayers for a speedy and complete recovery. Amen. So he can be back in service with us soon. Also a emailed request to the library asking uh the church to remember sister Angela Sylvester in prayer recovering from an illness uh that she's had. Just ask for prayers for the saints tonight. I want to remember another emailed request. Uh uh Perry, a six-year-old in need of a double lung transplant. Uh Brooke suffers with seizure seizures and migraines and a bipolar and other health issues. Also, uh, this sister Linda has had a a long COVID almost four years, eyesight's declining and and enlarged lymph nodes. Want to remember a Terra with arthritis, diagnosed with arthritis, uh, a Dwey that has COPD says just please pray for these individuals, Perry, Brooke, Linda, Terry, and Dwey tonight. We want to remember each and every one of those needs this evening. Sister Brandy Anon asked us to remember her sister April Weisner tonight. So we certainly want to remember her in prayer. Also, Sister Kimberly Dixon askked us to remember Sister Rebecca Tel Telgenhoff in prayer. She's been to the ER in severe pain with possible shingles and not been able to get any rest for several nights. Please pray that the Lord would give her a healing touch tonight. So, we certainly want to remember all these needs before the Lord in prayer. Let's just stand to our feet tonight. Brother Rob, would you come this evening? Amen. And take us to the Lord in prayer. Let's pray. Dear Lord, thank you so much. Thank you so much for this opportunity and and the part of the service that we can have our request made known to the body. I want to thank you Lord for for most of my life I would not have known and and the power that you have to do things and to heal to be a savior yes but to also heal. I'm so thankful, Lord, for the prayer requests that start off with testimonies that come forth as far as cancer free terms like cancer free. What a glorious thing. Let that not become common to us. Let it not become common to the young people that I work with here. Let it not become common to the church. I thank you, Lord, so much for your presence here and where you are, the supernatural is. I thank you for a revelation of who you are and the capacity you've given us to receive you. I thank you, Lord, for your healing power. I thank you for the requests that are made known. We will always have requests as we're human beings on this earth. And I thank you that we have some someplace that we can take them to. That there's a hope and there's a faith, Lord, that's builds in the people of God to receive you for what you want to do through us. I thank you, Lord, for that very life. In Jesus Christ's name, we ask for more continued presence in these prayer requests. And I thank you for your spirit most of all in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's sing this little song tonight as the brothers would come receive the evening offering. Amen. And every praise is to our God. Amen. Every praise is to our God tonight. Amen. Oh, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. [Music] Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. is every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship one accord Malachi. Every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior. You're my healer. You're my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Amen. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Give her singer a nice hand tonight. [Music] I was lost in the darkness when I began to pray. Then Jesus came to me on that faithful day and he says, "Child, I know you're sorry for all that you have done. Just reach to me for I am the one." Oh, I am the one who died on the tree. And I am the one who will set you free. When I heard you cry, have mercy on me. Oh, I am the one. I am the one. [Music] When I'm down in the valley, can't see the light of day. Well, I look to Jesus, for he is the way. And he says, "Child, don't be discouraged and don't be afraid. For lo, I am with you now and always. Oh, I am the one who died on the tree and I am the one who will set you free. When I heard you cry, have mercy on me. Oh, I am the one. Oh, I am the one. Oh, I am the one who died on the tree. And I am the one who will set you free. When I heard you cry, have mercy on me. Oh, I am the one. I am the one. [Music] Amen. Let's just stand to our feet tonight. Brother Harry's going to sing what a beautiful name it is for us. Let's help him sing it tonight. Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service, G. Y'all help me sing it. You were the word at the beginning, [Music] one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. the name of Jesus. [Music] You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. Oh, our sin was great. Your love was greater. What could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. is what a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a wonderful name it is. &gt;&gt; The name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Fil before you. He silenced the most of sin and grace. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory. Oh, you are raised to life again. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. Oh, hallelujah. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Oh yes. Nothing can stand against what a powerful name it is. We bless the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. &gt;&gt; What a beautiful name it is. Always worship the name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Hallelujah. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together tonight. Heavenly Father, how grateful we are tonight to be able to be identified with your human name of redemption. I, like many of these others here, were baptized many years ago into death and darkness and titles. Many of our children, our grandchildren don't realize how blessed they are to have the name. It was lost down through the ages, but you promised it would be restored again. We're so thankful, Father. There's power in your name, deliverance in your name, healing. Oh God, I pray that you would help us tonight as we look into your word. No doubt there's multiple needs in the people's lives that are here and those that are streaming the service. And we know that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Take your word tonight, Father. Speak to us. We know that you are identified by the way you break bread. So would you break the bread among us tonight in your manner of doing it. We commit the service, the speaker, the hearers. May the glory of God be made manifest among us tonight. We ask in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Saints, isn't it a privilege to be called by the name of Jesus Christ? &gt;&gt; Amen. Genesis chapter 24 verse 58. And they called Rebecca and said unto her, "Wil thou go with this man?" And she said, "I will go." And they sent away Rebecca, their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. Now, notice, he wasn't by himself. But he had men that were with him carrying out this commission from his master. And they blessed Rebecca, and said unto her, "Thou art our sister. Be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them. And Rebecca arose and her damsels, and they rode upon the camels, and followed the man. And the servant took Rebecca and went his way. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. I'd like to speak to you tonight on the bride's dowry. Shalu him is the Hebrew word. Shalu him. H I M him. Shaloo him. given to the bride by her father to equip her for her new life. And in this case, not only her new life, but the journey of 450 to 500 miles on the back of a camel. And the anotype of that believers are given gifts from our father to help us in our journey. Rebecca may have thought she had a long time in her journey. Two months that ain't nothing compared to what some of y'all have journeyed in this way, is it? All these years. And yet our father is faithful to give us everything that we need to equip us for what's necessary and essential to help get us through this journey and lead us into our new life. And there's many things of course that our father has given to us and we've dealt with a couple of them already. But tonight we'd like to pick up if we can again from what Paul by the grace of God was allowed to bring to the Ephesian church and share the abundance of the revelation that God had given to him in that first church age. Things that had been opened to him only of all the preachers and wonderful men of God that there were in that time frame. But God illuminated Paul to be able to see things that Peter which had walked with the Lord Jesus. James which was a halfb brotherther uh did not see. Many of the other brethren Andrew um did not understand. But yet God had given it to Paul. So read with me if you would in Ephesians chapter 3 verse 8. Unto me who am less than the least of all saints. Now listen to this. unto me who am less than the least of all saints. I can listen to a preacher like this. I have a hard time listening to a preacher that's got his thumb in his mouth and he's all time blowing his own horn and blowing himself up how big he is. I ain't got much time for a guy like that. Do you? I can follow a man like this because now he's not trying to be humble. He's saying it because it was the truth. Now there's a paradox that lays in this. unto me who am less than the least of all saints. Is this grace given that I should preach among the Gentiles the uncarchable riches of Christ? by the uncarchable riches are those abundant mercies that God had just recently just a few years now since this book of Ephesians was written and astonishingly had opened up to the Gentiles. Now remember, God kept this a secret and it was not fully made known until the church was birthed. There's some truths that God once proclaimed by the foolishness of preaching and there's other things that God wants manifested actually by natural fulfillment in people's lives. So God shared a few things in the Old Testament of a few of the gentile women that were brought into the very lineage naturally of the Lord Jesus. And now Paul is writing about how great this was. And he calls it unsearchable riches of Christ. So the treasures of grace which God had not only given to the Jews but even more mysterious how that God had opened the treasures of grace unto the Gentiles. Now look in verse 9. And he said to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world has been hid in God. from the beginning of the world had been hidden God. Now remember, it was in the heart of God. The gospel, the New Testament, the new covenant, it was in the heart of God and it had not yet even been revealed to angels. Now listen carefully. The prophets could only see a certain element of it, but the angels of God did not even understand it until years later. and they were watching the divine theatrics of God as it unfolded in the lives of his people. Now God loves doing things this way. So in the heart of God and his counsel that God had to give grace and mercy unto the Gentiles. So now this is the source of the gospel. What is the gospel of the good news? So what is the source? In the very heart of God that God would open it up. So in the heart of God shows us how sacred that it was to him. The safest place it could be was in the heart of God. The most secret place that it could be was in the heart of God. So it was hid from the elect angels. Hid from the Old Testament saints. Now watch as Paul goes on in verse 10. To the intent. Now this is part of what's in your dowy bride. I know that we hear it so much and many of you have heard it since you were small children in Sunday school. But I wonder sometimes if this grace that we participate of every day in our life is not so common that the supernatural and the extent of it is so far beyond what any of us, including me and all of us sitting here tonight still comprehend to this day. If we're talking about something that is so phenomenal that the angels of God watch daily as they see the gospel unfold because God chose to keep it a mystery even from them. And yet we count it just everyday stuff. We just live in the grace of God and we live our lives and we go to church and we do what's right. And yet we don't understand that God has the church as the university of angelic beings. Now can you imagine that angels this very day have watched your lives? Angels have watched my life. Angels have watched the lives of the saints of God around the world. and they've watched the administration of grace, mercy, power, healing, deliverance, and they're watching as God is dealing with his people. Now, you understand that that God that God chose to go this way. It's like that. His church is the university of grace and the university of mercy and the university of goodness and kindness and the university of redemption. And every one of you that are saved by the grace of God, elected in the body of Christ, it's like that you are a professor in this university. That you are a professor. Oh my &gt;&gt; in this university of God and they are watching as God not only through your lips and not only the angels hearing of what preachers are preaching but seeing the manifestation of what God is doing in our lives in this great university of Elohim and who has qualified us to be professors. I'll tell you who did the grace of God. the mercy of God that has been extended to us. Then God allows us to teach the angels of those things which they do not know or understand personally. I'm laying a big foundation and so I hope you you hang with me. Now watch. To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church. So God is using the church to teach principalities. principalities. The Greek word is archo which is the first one in a series of creation. So God kept this mystery of grace from the angels. Oh the stars, the universe, the planets, how marvelous it is. I I love looking at it. I I love studying plants and trees and the stratosphere, the hemisphere, you know, all of those great things that God made. But yet you understand that grace is not manifested in the stratosphere. Grace is not manifested in the hemisphere or in rocks or in plants. Plants don't need grace. They don't need mercy. They operate by different law. And God chose one channel that would be the instructive channel that his church would teach the angels of God. And it was through the channel of redemption and reconciliation. Because God left this mystery of redemption out of the star life, out of the sunlight, out of the moonlight, out of the leaves, out of botney life, out of animal life. They they they don't they don't have it. They they cannot project it. And God held the law of reproduction and seed kind after kind and multiplication and so on and so on. and they themselves bear great witness to the power of God. But yet when it come to grace, mercy, reconciliation, there was perfections of God that could never be manifested in spoken word and creating stars. He could manifest his greatness. And we know that the worlds were were made by him and they are upheld by his power, not by his grace, not by his mercy. The stars aren't held there by forgiveness. Hallelujah. But you understand how you're held by forgiveness. &gt;&gt; You understand how you're held day by day by mercy. &gt;&gt; The stars are held. The universe has been held. It was there before there's ever a man on the earth. So God never put them there to operate by the law of grace and mercy and forgiveness. The stars never fail. The stars never sinned. They don't need forgiveness, but we do. &gt;&gt; We do. And truly, God used the stars as a universe. In the Old Testament was given as a Bible. Remember when God came to Job and what did God do? God quoted to Job the Bible that Job read and knew. Genesis was not written then. Leviticus, Exodus, Deuteronomy, none of those. So God quoted to Job the Bible that Job knew and it was in the stars. And that's why God called the name Arcturus, Pletes, the seven sisters and all of those things. Why? Because it was written in the stars and Job could see it. But it was not from there that Job received the revelation that I know that my redeemer would live. How did he do that? He went forward in time to when the university of the church would be fully made manifest and God would come to perform the work of redemption. Do you understand that there's perfections of God that can only be revealed in the church? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Watch this. To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places or in heavenly realms might be known by the church. So the sense is that with the grand design that God would make it possible that the greatest of his glories would actually be revealed by him reaching down and pulling people up. And we look at ourselves and we think, "Oh God, you know, we're so low down and we're so rotten and we're worth nothing." And yet God is teaching things out of our lives every day that hold the angel spellbound. Can you imagine that? The angels of God, the angels of God, according to the master of the angels himself said that the angels in heaven rejoice or have joy when a sinner will repent. &gt;&gt; Now the angels don't shout in heaven when we shout on earth. They don't run in heaven when we run on earth. But they joy. The only time the scripture points in the New Testament to the exuberance or a building up in an angelic realm that they would have a higher measure of joy than they already have in their created state. And it's when a sinner comes to the Lord Jesus. Can you imagine that our lives on earth so impact heaven that what we are doing day by day and how God is ministering to us and it's not just all on those miraculous days of our life. Some of the greatest manifestations of God are in the lowest times of our life and when we are the least deserving of God's mercy and God will reach down beyond our failures and our mistakes. Can anybody say amen tonight? And God out of that will manifest his power. And he has given the angels one of the greatest demonstrations of the mystery of grace that they've ever saw in their being existence. So the grand purpose of God in the creation was to unveil a certain element of his power. And of course we know it's written in the stars and the glory. But yet there's an element of God that could never be expressed any other way except through the channel of redemption. So God created these intelligent beings which would have been there and we know that he created them in spheres or in dimensions. So there's angels, there's cherubams, there's saraphims, there's zooms and each one of them have a different glory. But he hid from them the mystery of redemption. So they peer into man's salvation. They look and they stoop and look into the mystery of man receiving the Holy Ghost, something they have never been able to receive. And they try to comprehend what it's like. Now notice these intelligent beings which are messengers from his divine presence. They can bring prophecy of future events. They can tell of destructions of kingdoms. They can foretell of things that God will illuminate them to a prophecy. And yet not a one of those angels can pat the seed of life to ever lead a son or daughter of God to a new birth. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Now remember the angel of God could come to Philillip and tell him you go over there and do this and this. But the angel didn't pack the seed. Only Philillip packed the seed because the seed comes through the body. Now in this different rank that the angels of God are in, no doubt they have different understandings by which God has illuminated them too. But the highest of them in their reign do not understand the grace of God. So it was the intent of the Almighty that he would use the lesser to teach the greater. Now don't be overwhelmed by this tonight. Remember Solomon, the man that had such wisdom on the earth. And a man with such great profound wisdom would go to one of the lowest creatures on the earth and would say, "Consider the ant." &gt;&gt; That's right. So he would go and bring man out of his lofty position and go to one of the most humble little creatures that God made and put him on the earth and spends most of his life on his little four legs is going around and eating and reproducing and all the stuff that they would do. And he said also the horse leech and consider this and consider that. So what is God doing? God is taking something beneath man and say, "Look, if you'll look into this, you'll be able to see a mystery of my doing that will be able to help you and your own journey of life." So if an ant could help us to understand, why would we find it hard to believe that God could take a man or woman that is truly born of the spirit of God and say, "Angels, if you want to understand my perfection, watch Donnie. If you want to understand the extent of my grace, watch Brother Daryl. Watch this man, this woman, this boy, this girl that you at one time thought was beyond grace, but watch how great my grace is. &gt;&gt; Now notice again, Paul says, to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known. I I love this word this Greek word known declare certify give to understand be recognized to gain knowledge of have thorough knowledge of. So the angelic host will gain an element of divine knowledge as Paul said that they might be known by not the Lord Jesus, not by the cherubams that will teach the lower Christ of angels, but through the church. The church will actually make known part of the great display of God that the cherubams know absolutely nothing about. Can't you see friends when people turn down this simple plan of salvation what a judgment awaits them at the white throne. They are turning down something that is so great that the angels of God for the over the last 2,000 years have been looking into this and trying to comprehend it. and they are still accumulating grace and they're watching knowledge of grace and knowledge of understanding and knowledge of forgiveness and knowledge of God building the statue of a perfect man. And the angels of God are watching as God unfolds it. Notice that it might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God. Now notice in Paul before he ever says this about a church, Paul brings it into himself and he said, "I am the least. I'm I'm I'm below the very least of the saints." Now watch what he's doing. He's bringing himself into the image of this verse before he gets to the most sublime part. Because God had chosen him who was the least among the saints to bring things out that had never been uttered since before the foundation of the world. Not an angel, not a cherubam, not a seraraphim. Even the Lord Jesus when he was on the earth did not bring some of these things that Paul brought. And was it a great mighty man? Was it a great man that all the world would acknowledge? It was the the one that was below the least of the saints of God. So if we want to get big, I'll tell you how to do it. Get little and stay little in your own sight. Don't never get big in your own sight. Always realize that you are nothing by the grace of God. And as long as we stay that way, God can do something with us. Now, part of our purpose, friends, some of you feel like, well, I've never done nothing for the Lord. I I I don't have that many people I've led to the Lord. I don't know of any people I prayed for and God's opened their blinded eyes. I don't know of any people that I prayed for with cancer. And you think your life is pretty much, you know, what am I going to get a reward for? Well, part of it will being a great professor in the school, not of Scientology. It will not be of the suit of mechanical science or this or that or the other. It will be as a daughter of God who was called by predestinated unmmerited grace. and you let Jesus sanctify you and cleanse you and fill you with the Holy Ghost. And he got rid of that mini skirt of yours and put you in a decent set of clothes. And he filled you with the Holy Ghost and made you a daughter of God. And then you started living a life on this earth. And the angels of God, note, are not just watching preachers, but they're watching you brothers. They're watching you sisters. The angels of God are watching you young people and learning how a young person in 2025 withstands all the drawing power of the social media. The angels of God are learning things. Listen young people, the angels of God are learning things about this generation of young people that the first century young people could not treat them. They could not help them to understand. They did not have social media. They did not have all these things that you all have to battle every day of your life. And God is, oh, hallelujah, implementing grace and mercy out of the life of our young sisters and our young brothers in a way that those first century young people, they wouldn't even understand what you were talking about. And you think, I haven't done anything. Let your life live out the power of God on display. If you're living a life in this day by the grace of God, but brother Donnie, I I'm I'm not perfect. Well, I'm not either. I'm not without fault. I'm not either. But even whenever I'm that way, I'm still living a life by the grace of God. I'm testifying that whenever I'm faithful and I do everything I'm supposed to do, he's there with me. And I'll also testify if I fall flat on the face or if I get weary, I get down sometime. Anybody do that? That he's right there with me just as well when I'm in the valley as he is in the in the on the mountaintop. And the angels of God watch us as we go up and down and they say, "Look at the grace of God. He has moved for them so many times and done so many things and now they are so low and they're saying, "Where is he? Lord, don't you even love me?" And the angels looking at one another's thinking, "How can they say that? How can they How can that even go through their mind? Oh, he he he won't fool with them now. He won't fool with them now. And then what do they watch? They watch him come right on the scene. I don't know about you, some of the greatest manifestations of grace I ever received in my life was when I did not deserve it. &gt;&gt; When things you know that you wind up doing or whatever and you think, man, I know better than that. I knew better than that. I I should have acted that way or done that, whatever it is. And you realize, Lord, I'm not even deserving of your grace. He said, I know that, but here you are anyway, cuz I love you. And the angels of God are thinking, you're kidding me. Look at that. Did you see that? Did you see what he did? Oh my. They were questioning him. They were wondering, "Does he even love them anymore?" They're questioning his decision. They're questioning why did he allow that to happen and that to happen? Did he forsake them? No. He anointed them men of God and they left their subject matter for three lines and it went right to that person's heart. And then they left this subject matter for that person and it come back. That's what I love about the Lord. I hear it all the time. Email, text, and all that sort of thing. And people say, "That service was just for me." And I smile cuz I know I'm going to get several hundred more probably. It's going to say the same thing. But that's the kind of father we have that he can so Oh my anoint servant of God to preach the word. and you're convinced that whole sermon was just for you. And there's several other hundred people in the church and several other hundred that are streaming the service and they're saying the same thing. That's my daddy. That's your heavenly father. That's the way he does. He can custom fit it in such a way he wants to make each one of his children feel they are so special. He would have brother Daryl study for hours and hours just for you. And you're totally convinced brother Daryl didn't preach that for nobody else. And there's somebody else sitting right by you. Sometimes your husband or your wife are on the end of the pew and they're saying, "Oh God, thank you for having Brother Daryl to preach that just for me." No doubt the angels must look over one another and say, "Wow. Wow. Can you believe that? They all think that's just for them." Well, it was just for them. It was just for them because the Lord is that mindful of his children. &gt;&gt; Now watch. So the church becomes the University of grace. ETSU thinks they're the main school here in Johnson City. Oh, we could share a few things with them, couldn't we? I've been by the ETSU lots of times of course through the years we've lived here and from some of the looks of the people that I've seen there. I'm not sure the angels of God and want to be identified in that place. I I don't say they ain't angels there but I'm pointing up this way. Now you think then so each one of you are a professor. But brother Dia I I I can't harden quote 10 scriptures together. No, not a professor by your mind. a professor by your experience of the predestinated grace in your soul in your everyday walk with God. Now what? So God chose to manifest these attributes of his perfection which of course started in the change between the ages by the incarnation of the redeemer. So if the redeemer had to be incarnated in the work of this great emancipation then no doubt the redeemed will also have to come out through the same process. So he come from the very mind of God and took on a human body which is exactly what happened to us. So God chose the work of redemption. I think the work of redemption, not the work of signs and wonders. And we believe in all that. Not the work of stars. Don't you love the stars? I love the stars. But God never chose that in order to display the perfection of his grace. He had to ordain predestinate a man that would require salvation in order to give himself a reason and purpose of being. Well, I don't mind telling you. I guess I've given him a lot of reason. &gt;&gt; Well, come on. Don't sit there and look at me. Some of y'all have, too. We've given him a lot of reason. A We We've given him a lot of purpose to live. If he needed to live for somebody, I reckon I've surely fulfilled that. Now, he could display an element of his perfections. And I say that in in plural form, because of his greatness. Now, think of it that the stars could never bring out of him. the plant life could never bring out of it. So, as each child of God is being conformed into the image of the Lord Jesus and every one of their walks is a little bit different, your little quirks and and your little, you know, the things that you have in your life. And God deals with each one of us and we say, "I just wish was all alike." He don't want us to be all alike. So, there's something that you would be able to bring out about the perfection of God's grace that I wouldn't if you would and you would and you would. And each one of us as we come into that image, all of us with the scars and the issues of our past and the things that we hate and yet God says, "Give it all to me. Let's put it all together. So, there was a church that was going to have a Sunday school picnic and they gave the announcement of this certain day that they're going to have it. And everybody, of course, a Sunday school, you know, they wanted to come to the church picnic. But there was this poor family in the church. And when it come the day for the picnic, the only thing they had left in the house was a few pieces of baloney and a few pieces of half stale bread. They like mustard on their baloney sandwich, but the mustard was so low that when they reached the knife down in the jar, they got mustard all over their knuckles trying to get it out. So, they're scraping the bottom of the jar, but they decide they're going anyway. So, they get to the park where the picnic is going to be. The only place left to set was at a table by the church's best cook. And this sister and her husband and children, she had fixed southern fried chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, &gt;&gt; carrots, peas, dinner rolls, and a big southern deep baked apple pie for dessert. And they looked over at that poor family and they said, "Why don't I've got more than what we we can eat. Why don't y'all eat with us?" And they said, "No, no, no. We we we going to do it. We're we're okay." But they felt so sorryful. So the mother said, "You know what? We love bologoney sandwiches. Why don't we Why don't we just mix it all together? You see, they didn't want their bone sandwiches, but they wanted them to have their chicken. &gt;&gt; Jesus don't need our bologoney. &gt;&gt; He don't need our little last few drops of mustard, but he wants us to have his chicken. his potatoes, his carrots, his peas, his apple thigh, his dinner rose. &gt;&gt; So what does he do? He said, "Y'all just mix what you've got with me. &gt;&gt; You take your complexes, your fears, and your anxieties, and mix them in with my grace. &gt;&gt; Mix them in with my mercy." &gt;&gt; G &gt;&gt; and look at what it will produce. Hallelujah. It produces a university that the angels of God look at &gt;&gt; and ponder. But what makes it the mixture of the divine with the human? You imagine, let me read you this. As the angels of God watched as our sister, one of the early martyrs by the name of Blandina, who was made to sit in a red hot chair after having been tossed upon the horns of a wild bull. Yet constant to the last, she maintained her faith in Christ while passing through the torture. So you imagine they throw her into the horns of a bull, then they take her off of that and heat up a metal chair red hot and set our sister in that. I'll tell you one thing. Some of this stuff makes us ashamed of ourselves, don't it? &gt;&gt; You imagine the angels of God as they look now. She may have never won one soul to the Lord Jesus. No doubt never preach one sermon, but there was part of her life that contributed to the great mystery. God has a purpose to convey to the angels. Don't you see how important that is to him? It's not just to prove to you he's a savior. He wants them to see it. &gt;&gt; They have been around for aons of ages, but there's much about him they don't understand yet. And he's using the university of saved saints. Imagine every day they don't get tired, so they don't go to bed at night. But you imagine every day they're thinking, "What are we learning today? What are we learning today? What what's God going to do through Fred? What's God going to do through Jim? What's God going to do through Carol? What what's God going to do every day? It's a new day. It's a new journey. Just see how he saves him and how he forgives him and how how he does all this stuff." And you know, when they're coming up, I say, "What'd you learn today?" When I I was over in Africa, Nigeria. Where was you? I was in the Congo. Where was you? I was in Switzerland. I was in Spain. I was in England. I was in Tennessee. I I was in Ohio. I was in Indiana. You imagine coming together said, "What'd you learn today?" You can't believe it. You can't believe it. I've been by his side for millions of years. Can you believe it? I've been by his side for millions of years. And there's things I learned about him today through one of his weakest Christians that I have never known. And I was spellbound as I watched it. 1 Corinthians chapter 4:9 Paul says, "I think that God has set forth us the apostles last as it were appointed to death. For we are made a spectacle unto the world and to angels and to men." Look at the word spectacle. Theatron, a theater, a place in which games and dramatic spectacles are exhibited and public assemblies held for the Greeks use the theater also as a forum, a public show. metaphorically a man who is exhibited to be gazed at and made sport of. Now notice the categories that Paul mentioned unto the world to angels and to men. Unto the world unto angels and to men. Wonder what each group saw? Well, it depends on who they were. what they saw would be determined by their origination. So the angels of God took it as a complete understanding of God's mercy through Paul. God's grace through Peter, both of them so different and both of them still needed grace. Matthew different from the rest of them and John different from all of them yet. And every one of them was a part of the theater. So, it's a story of redemption, a great mystery that the great almighty did in his drama before the foundation of the world. And the little housewife comes out and plays her part in the drama. And the farmer comes out and plays his. And the businessman comes out and plays his. And the witch and the poor and the middle and the in between. All of them come out and they're on the theater stage at the same time in the age they live. And each one of them acting it. What is it? Divine orchestration by the Almighty. And we think, "Oh, well, I'm just living my life and I don't really have no effect on nobody." Are you kidding me? You are affecting other worlds. [Music] &gt;&gt; They look at the church to understand the mysteries of redemption. Wow. I imagine this one took Rebecca maybe a couple of days for Eleazar trying to go back over a couple Wednesday nights, you know, where she could kind of pick it up. First Peter 1:12. unto whom it was revealed that not unto themselves, but unto us, they did minister the things which are now reported unto you, by them that have preached the gospel unto you, with the Holy Ghost, sent down from heaven, which things the angels desire to look to look into. Look at the word Luke. Look, stoop down. So, they're actually getting down. Oh my goodness. Wow. You know how many threads is in that in one square inch? No. You just tread on top that carpet. You don't pay no attention, do you? Do you? But the angels are so interested that they're looking down. Oh my goodness. You mean God will breed a man to a woman and then out of that'll come a woman and then out of that that woman will marry this man and that man will marry this woman and this one and on down and out of that maybe seven or eight generations he'll come a preacher. He'll start out he'll be lost as he can be. He'll wind up being a drunk. God will give him, save him, fill him with the Holy Ghost and that man will send a million souls to Christ. And the angels of God say, "Wow." &gt;&gt; And you're down, you're on the earth looking up at Pluto and saying, "Wow." And you're looking around say, "Whoops, that's the wrong one. That's Saturn." Oh, I'm sorry. No. Okay. We're Oh, yo. Wow. Look at that. And the angels of God are looking down and you say, "Wow. Wow. Look at the grace of God. Look at the mercy of God. Day in day out, 24/7. He's given them grace when they're asleep. He's given them grace when they're up. He's given them grace when they're down. He's given them mercy when they don't deserve it. Given them mercy when they feel like there's no none at all. Hey, he helps them. He gives them faith when they're super strong. He gives them hope when they're super weak. &gt;&gt; Listen, this word that Peter used remember this is from an ignorant and an unlearned man. &gt;&gt; To stoop to a thing. to stoop to a thing in order to look at it. So, it's like you can't comprehend it at this level. I'm going to investigate this plant here. Yeah, just what I figured. Plastic. Brother Donnie, what are you looking for? Made in China label. But I've got a stoop. &gt;&gt; The angels of God are not way up here. So apart from your world, they're right here in this building tonight. They rode to church with you. They was with you on your job today. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And they stood up. Oh, boy. I thought he was a goner, didn't you? Wow, that is amazing. I want you to look at that. Oh, I never knew that before today that God could do such. How many ever we all go to sleep? They gather up and say, "Wow, what a time I had today. Man, what a time I had. I was down there ministering to those who were heirs of life. I was in church on Wednesday night standing there in the aisle by those that were sick. And there was a war going on. It was raging. The angels of God was there and the demons of darkness was there. And I was trying to pulsate their faith, trying to create an atmosphere to pull them in. Did it happen? Did it happen? Yes. It was amazing. They walked in there with such burdens and such load and they didn't have no idea what they was going to do. And the the presence of Almighty come in there. This one was healed of sinus. This one was delivered of that. This one was delivered of pornography. This one was delivered of something else. Oh wow. to look carefully, inspect curiously of one who would become acquainted with something. Now, do you realize that the angels were actually part of God giving the law to Israel? Acts 7:53 who have received the law by the disposition of angels &gt;&gt; and have not kept it. Now this is Stephen preaching to the his brethren there. So the law came through the disposition of angels. Galatians 3:19. Wherefore then serve as the law? It was added because of transgression till the seed was made and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator. Look at the word ordained. Don't mean what you think here. the tesso appoint set in order to arrange prescribe or give order. Isn't it amazing though that whenever Moses writes about the law being revealed, the Torah, when it came there on the mount, he doesn't say nothing about angels. He mentions himself and the presence of God, but actually it was coming through the divine way. The angels of God were there and they were so concerned about what God was doing. Well, what are you doing? What are you do? Come on, go with me. So here he come down on the mountain and the roar of the thunder and the lightning and the rumbling and all that stuff and hid in the clouds was angels. &gt;&gt; Ah God still does that, don't he? &gt;&gt; So now notice when God sends a company of angels with a message, &gt;&gt; it's not just church as usual. That's right. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. When God sends angels, heaven and earth is having quite a time together. &gt;&gt; Now, what does the angelic presence do? It gives it a heavenly identification just beyond a man going up there. Now, for those of you that are curious, I could not find anywhere on Google to where Google could actually prove that this really happened. I couldn't find on YouTube or any scientist or any university uh could actually prove scientifically that God ever wrote the Ten Commandments by his finger or that Moses said it. So, I'm preaching it tonight. Uh taking it just from one man's word. &gt;&gt; Entirely up to you, of course, whether you want to believe that one man or not, but I I choose to myself. I personally don't need Google verification. I don't need YouTube verification. I don't need Louisville newspaper verification. Come on, somebody. Because I believe my God has done in this generation what he has done down through the ages. And that is send down his angels to verify I am here to do something great and phenomenal. And he brings angels when he does it. Sir, &gt;&gt; you see these passages prove to us that the angels were involved in the communication and the divine allotment of this word. Lord have mercy. So the angels did not watch from a far off. They were part of the ordination participants in bringing God's glory. Their presence emphasize the sanctity and the divinity as well. This is the truth. Its origin is sacred and divine. So you imagine as a prophet is in a little cabin praying and he feels his presence walk into the room where he is and he opens up his eyes and there's two feet in front of him and he goes rolling his eyes up. What was it? An angel of God. I am sent from the presence of almighty God to tell you of your peculiar births and your ministry. Hallelujah. When God sends an angel, something's fixing to happen. It's beyond what happened, my friends, on on the Zusa Street, it's beyond what happened when Luther marked the 95 thesis on the door of the church at Wittenberg. It's beyond all of that. Now you're climbing into a higher sphere. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, then what about when seven angels come down? Amen. And they brought down a message in the end time. And remember the prophet tells us that he broke the seal. Each angel came each day. Now he never told that to the right to the end of it. Each angel came each day to reveal the mystery that was made known only unto them. Now remember when God gave Moses the instructions on building the tabernacle in the wilderness. Now would you notice how that God types of where he is versus where his people are when God told them to build this tabernacle. They were not living in permanent houses. They were living in tents. So what did God tell them to build for him? A tent. &gt;&gt; And what did God tell them to call that tent? The tabernacle of the congregation. So the place of worship bore the name of the people who were worshiping. The tabernacle of the congregation. When the children of Israel moved into homes with foundations, then God allowed Solomon to build a temple with massive foundations. Why? His people moved out of tents into a house. And God said, "I'll follow the move of my people. My people have moved into houses with foundations. I'll move into a house with a foundation." Well, glory to God. Don't you understand why he must become a human being? You come from the mind of God as a thought of God and you moved into a human tabernacle. He must follow your move. Oh, but glory to God, as the head was raised up from the grave, now the bride is going to follow the move of the bridegroom. He moved into a glorified body. And before long, we're fixing to move into the same. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's God's place of worship. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Can you imagine? Angels, angels who you and I would be terrified in their presence. If an angel of God were to walk right in this room, I've seen a few. They scare you to death. You imagine brother Brandon saying every time he come into his presence, Brother Bisc told me of several different events when it happened there to him. It was just phenomenal. Brother Brandon would become ash and white. His lips go numb. Couldn't hardly talk. Just amazing to hear the things that that he would happen when he get into that realm. And when he come out, he said, "Brother, brother brother Eddie, it's happened thousands of times, but it alarms me every time it happens." And as they would appear in this building tonight, probably most of us would get be down on our knees in our face and oh God, oh God, help us tonight. Lord, be merciful to us. And those beings are studying your life, reading from the university of the divine alotment of God's word that he's working out in your daily routine, dealing with your teenage children, dealing with a husband that's not where he needs to be with God or dealing with an issue in your church, an issue in your family, and the angels of God observing. How will they deal with this? How will they handle this? And each one of you are a professor. Now, most of you are like me. You don't even speak English very well. Much less angelic talk. &gt;&gt; But you see, it's not coming through our head. It's what God does through our life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because our own brains would talk us out of many of the things that we have done for the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Can I go a bit further? Now remember when God gave them the mercy seat and he gives them the divine dimensions the wood that it's made of how it's to be overlaid in gold in case you would of course close your team wood was part of it and then it's going to be overlaid with gold. So the wood represented the humanity and then it was overlaid with the gold and there the glory of God was inside of there was a pot of mana and also the other articles that God put. Now there was two peculiar figures that were right on top of the lid cherubims. And their direction and their posture was so important. And it was like this. They faced each other and their heads were bowed down. So they're not looking at each other. They're not looking at the preachers coming and going. They're not looking at singers, but their eyes are toward the mercy seat. &gt;&gt; God foreshadowed that one day the angels of God after the coming of the Holy Ghost will still bow their heads down to the earth and look and comprehend the mercy. Could you imagine them wondering how could a piece of wood how could what what's what's he saying? What's what's he getting? So place them like this, Moses. And their heads bowed down to look like that. Okay Lord, whatever you say, you're the man. You're the designer. You're the director. I'm the just the builder. You tell me to turn them sideways, upside down. Whatever you say, you know what you're doing. I'll do whatever you want me to do. And you imagine when the high priest would walk in there, the only ones that are even able to see it, and they look at, what does that mean? Why would their heads be down? Why would they be looking up this way toward him? Cuz they were looking toward him in his earthly &gt;&gt; manifestation of where his grace was. &gt;&gt; Now, friend, this is the this is the sad part about it. The angels of God are on the earth and the mercy seat on the earth is in the heart of the bride. Oh my God, brother Daryl, what a day it's going to be whenever the the darkness will finally come and the last one will be saved and God will lift those cherubims and God will take the mercy seat from the earth. As long as their heads are bowed, there's still mercy. That's grace. But once they turn heavenly, do you understand when that will be? When they turn from your heart and you will turn heavenly. Do you understand all the rioting and all the violence and all the stuff that we're seeing? Whoever is do y'all can y'all believe we're living in America? All this stuff that's going on around our nation. I've been listening today to God of this evil age. And the prophet used the word two, three times there, lawlessness. Lawlessness. I've been seeing it in and news articles and and seeing it on news clips on YouTube and they've been using the same word. I thought, I know I've heard brother Ram say that. So, I pulled it up last night and then I listened to the tape today and he was saying it two or three different times. Lawlessness. Lawless. What is it? Oh, friends, it is the pre-tribulation anointing. The nations of the earth have already prematurely joined themselves against Israel. Come on, don't get quiet on me. Look at the UN. Look at the nations of the world. Look at France. Look at Germany. Look at the UK. And they are supposed to be some of our greatest allies. And yet wanting to announce, announce, and recognize a Palestinian state. There's one state that God recognizes over there and it's not the state of Palestine. It is Israel. It is Israel. And the world is gathering themselves against them. That's the mechanics. What's it waiting for? You to go home. But remember, we can't go until you see who you are. I wonder if things like this will help us to look where instead of looking outward, looking inward. Who is this? Who is in us? What is he doing? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's just Brother Greg. It's just Brother Fred. It's just Brother Kirk. I go to church him all the time. And the angels of God are studying you looking at your life just shaking their head. Wow. I'll tell you that that book of JD that that's an awesome book. I love reading that. That man is a professor. Do you know that that Larry Elliott you talking about a professor now? And not because Belari uses big words. It's the grace of God. The cherubims anchored over the soul watching the sacred treasure of Adonai. For the secret is no longer in the heart of God, but in the heart of his wife. So our lives are linked connected to other worlds. And what happens to us has bearings in angelic realms. Read with me in the book of Judges 13:15. This is the time of the judges. And Manoah said unto the angel of the Lord, I pray thee, let us detain thee until we shall have made ready a kid for thee. And the angel of the Lord said unto Monoah, "Though thou detain me, I will not eat of thy bread. And if thou will offer a burnt offering, thou must offer it unto the Lord." Yeah, that's true messenger. All right. For Monoah knew not that he was an angel of the Lord. So he had appeared in such humanlike characteristics. So there wasn't brilliant rays of light coming from him. So he's looking right at him talking to him and he doesn't know that it's an angel of the Lord. Now this is a great transition time of the judges and God has a message and he sends an angel. And Monoah said unto the angel of the Lord, what is thy name when thy sayings come to pass that we may do thee honor? The angel of the Lord said unto him,"Wh askest thou thus after my name, seeing it is a secret." So Monoah took a kid with a meat offering and offered it upon a rock unto the Lord. And the angel did wondrously. And Monoah and his wife looked on. For it came to pass, and the flame went up toward heaven from off the altar, that the angel of the Lord ascended in the flame of the altar, and Monoah and his wife looked on it and fell on their faces to the ground. Now, this is the Old Testament, but after the cross, instead of Daryl and Cheryl looking at the angels, the angels are watching Daryl and Cheryl. And the angels are waiting for the day when the bride will not enter into the fire off the altar, but from the token. and they will be the ones that will arise into the presence of Adoniah. Let me close. We ain't going to get done. Luke 15:E 10. Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth. Look at the word joy. gladness, joyfulness, the cause or occasion of joy of persons who are ones joy. Now, don't angels have joy before people get saved? Well, no doubt they do. They're not going around sad, you know, just all droopy and all that sort of thing. But one sinner coming to an altar to give their heart to God whether it's in a church or you know wherever it is that the Lord deals with her heart and that has such a ripple effect that angels move into a higher realm of a static joy higher than they normally live in. So it ain't the price of gold. It ain't the stock market. Oh converter prices have doubled. Glory to God. Hallelujah. The angels don't care about interest rates. They don't care about the Feds. They don't care about none of that stuff. But you know what really excites them? See folks saved. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. So you imagine that the angels now with this gladness, joyfulness, the cause or occasion of joy, the cause or occasion of joy of persons who are one's joy. You imagine after folks who get saved would have just getting saved to do that. Can you imagine what the Holy Ghost does to them? Lord have mercy. They must have a spell. You imagine when the revelation of God that Jesus only gave us a small window into how that the things on the earth are so correlated with the people of God to the angelic host just that them getting saved gives them joy. Can you imagine when a seed of God, their eyes is open to the end time word? Or when a child of God moves beyond the curtain of time and how the angels of God are there rejoicing. You say, "Well, they're so far apart from us." They are not. As a matter of fact, question answers on Genesis 19:53, the prophet said, "Your glorified condition is right in this building this morning wanting to send a charge through you like a battery. Anybody ever get down pretty low and your spiritual engine won't crank? [Music] Going to church tonight. I can't get started. Brother, if you can't do nothing but push start, come on to the house of God. &gt;&gt; You never know, the angel might stand near you tonight, your angel, and take them spiritual jumper cables and hook them up to you. And then that angel goes and you say, "Glory to God. Where is that devil? Where is that devil? Hallelujah. I can't believe I was down." And then the angel said, "Are you kidding me? He stood right out there in the forer and told somebody if he didn't get something tonight, he wasn't coming back. This is his lifetime. He's quitting church. How many thousands of times have some of y'all quit church? How many hundreds of times have y'all quit? I'm going back to the world. I'm doing this. And the angels of God laughing at you said, "Right, I've seen how he loves you. I've seen how you move him. He will not let you go. He will not let you go. He will not let you down." And then the this presence of God comes and shakes you and turns you every way but loose. And you're walking out that door. And boy, you're a kicking as you're going. And the angels are saying, "Yes. Yes. I knew it. I knew it. I knew he would do it. [Applause] Matthew 28:2, "And behold, there was a great earthquake, for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven and came and rolled back the stone from the door." I love this part right here. And sat upon it. How you like that, Roman rock? His countenance was like lightning. Now listen how different this one appeared than the one that appeared to Monoah and his wife. And his countenance was like lightning and his rain white as snow. And for fear of him the keepers did shake and became as dead men. &gt;&gt; So apparently this is the kind of appearance he needed to appear. Scare the liver out of them. Just knock them out. I got some talking I got to do to my children, y'all pass out. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Fear not ye." Oh, glory to God. How could the same appearing of an angel of God cause some people to pass out, others to wake up? Praise be to God. Very same angel, very same event. And isn't it amazing? He didn't tell them other guys, "Don't be afraid." I'm gonna be honest with you. He wanted them to be. &gt;&gt; But they saw the same thing. And he said, "Fear not ye, for I know that you seek Jesus which was crucified. He is not here for he is risen." As he said, "Come, come see the place where the Lord lay." Can you imagine an angel of God is walking along with you? And the brilliance of his his appearance is so bright you can hardly bear. And you're thinking to yourself, "What am I doing? I'm walking with an angel of God, come and see the place where the Lord lay. And go quickly and tell his disciples that he's risen from the dead. And behold, he goeth before you into Galilee." Watch him. Prophecy. the angels telling them something that's going to come to pass. He was allocated that word. But remember, he's not a preacher. There you shall see him. Lo, I have told you. And they departed quickly from the separate with fear and great joy. That sounds like a real church meeting to me, don't you? You get scared to death. And then after that, the fear of God comes and just boy, just lift you so high and that fear turns right into joy. Well, hallelujah. Wasn't it good to be in the house of God? Well, what you experience? fear, tears, shaking, shouting, crying. Yep, that sounded like a good service to me. Move every extreme of your emotions. And they departed quickly from the separate fear and great joy and did wow run to bring his disciples where. Acts 12:7. And behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him Peter in the prison. And a light shined in the prison, and he smoked Peter on the side. And I was sitting there reading that this evening. I thought, "Ain't that a strange way for an angel to come?" So I was trying to figure it out. It must not have been that one with a soft hand that he sent to Elijah cuz he come down, you know, kind of brushing his brow. Unless Peter was such a solid, sound sleeper that he had to kind of hit him, "Wake up, boy. Wake up. Aren't you glad whether you need one with a soft hand or a woman with a, you know, and he smoked Peter on the side and raised him up, saying, "Arise up quickly." and his chains fell from off his hands. And the angel said unto him, "Guard thyself, and bind on thy sandals, angels talking stuff they don't even have to do." But he broke down the message in a way, Brother Daryl, what a common man with his shoes off and he'd relaxed himself in his robe and he's now he's got to tie it up and the angel takes time to tell him, "Oh my, g thyself, bind all thy sandals." And so he did. And he saith unto him, cast thy garment about thee, and follow me. And he went out and followed him, and whis not that it was true which was done by the angel, but he thought he saw a vision. Don't you love him? All night, all day, angels watching over me, my Lord. All night, all day, angels watching over me. held all night and all day angels are watching over you and me. Oh, all night. And all day, angels watching over me. [Music] Well, if I die before I wait. Angels are watching over me. My Lord, I pray the Lord my soul to take. Angels watching over me. Everybody now. Oh night, all day watch you be my Lord. All night, all day. Angels watching over me. Will God send an angel in this last day. Angels are watching over me, my Lord. With a rapturing word that'll take this bride away. Angels watching over me. We found her name under the seven seal. Angels watching over me, my Lord. He called our name and revealed his will. Angels watching over me. Well, now I'm waiting for my body changed. Angels are watching over me, my Lord. When all my cells will be rearranged, angels are watching over me. Singing out, well, all night and all day. Angels are watching over me, my Lord. All night, all day, angels watching over me. Sister Sylvia, granddaughter, this little little child that was born with a lot of things wrong in his body, facing surgery, some very important things. &gt;&gt; But we believe our God, &gt;&gt; Amen, &gt;&gt; is still a God of the supernatural, don't we? Lord Jesus, we're laying our hands &gt;&gt; upon a little human body, dear God, that &gt;&gt; you see heavenly father. Lord, what he was born with and all these different things that the doctors are saying that will have to happen to him. But yet, Lord Jesus, we believe you're the first one who made the human being and place them on the earth in your image. Dear God, it's written in your word. They lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. &gt;&gt; We thank you, heavenly father, that there's people still in the earth today that believe that you can do miracles. We believe the angels of God are here in this room tonight. Father, I pray in the name of Jesus, may the spirit of God move, Lord. &gt;&gt; We're not against doctors. We're not against surgeries. And if that would be your choice, we will accept it that way. Father, I pray if that would be your will, may your hand be with the surgeon. May the angels of God even go there in the room. Dear father, in the name of Jesus, we believe you Lord for a great report. We thank you, Father, &gt;&gt; in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Amen. Bless you, buddy. Praise the Lord. All night, [Music] all day. Angels watching over me. All night, all day. Angels watching over me, my Lord. All night, all day. Angels watching over me. All night, all day. Angels watching over me, my Lord. All night, all day, angels watching over me. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, there's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. [Music] Joy in the presence of the Lord. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Oh, and I'm free. In his presence I'm here in his presence. I'm forgi and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, and I'm free his presence. I'm here. in his presence. I'm forgi and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh yes, and I'm free. In his presence I'm here. In his presence I'm forgi and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence, nothing like the presence of the Lord. There is nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, and I'm free his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I'm forgi and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. Yes, I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here. in his presence. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm for I'm forgiven. I'm not not the same. Yes, I'm changed. Oh, thank you, Lord. It is. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan get me behind. Victory today is mine. Everybody now. Oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Oh my go my sickness, my pain, my sadness, my depression, whatever it is. Oh, happiness is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. And I told that sad devil just behind happiness today is mine. Joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. And I sat behind. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you Lord. We worship you Lord Jesus. Oh come on. Let's worship him a little bit. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. God bless you. Love you in the Lord. Brother come and dismiss somebody. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Aren't you grateful for the word of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Got an angel with you. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Donnie. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, &gt;&gt; Lord, we are just so so grateful, Lord, in our hearts that for the things that was been hidden down through the ages and the ages has now been made manifested among us, Lord God. Your prophet said those great mysterious secret that was once in the back part of your mind has now been placed into the hearts of the believers, Lord. And Father God, as that little boy looked into that mirror until that moment that he realized he's looking at himself, may we continue, Lord, to look into the mirror of your word, dear God, until it strikes our very soul, dear God, of who we are and where we came from and where we're going. Oh God, we pray as we depart from this service this evening, Lord, may we never depart from your presence and go with your children, Lord, as they make their way home, watch over them on the highways, Lord. And God, we pray tonight that every person that was prayed for, Lord, and every person that wanted to be here and couldn't because of a sickness or an affliction, we ask you, dear God, may you confirm your word, Lord. For you said, "I am the Lord, thy God, who heals all thy diseases." Lord, we believe that to be the truth, Lord. God, we just commit these things into your hands. We ask dear God that you strengthen our precious brother Donnie Lord his strength. Renew it dear God we pray. We thank you dear God for his life and for his ministry and what it means to all of us here Lord and those around the world. Thank you God for such a wonderful gift you've placed among us. Father God we just now commit these things into your hands for your glory. We ask these things in Jesus name. Go with your children we pray for thy glory. Amen. God bless you saints. Sing us pray. Amen. Amen. It's just worship him as we go tonight. Have you enjoyed the word of God? &gt;&gt; Isn't it wonderful? Amen. &gt;&gt; Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind. Victory is mine. When I woke up this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees and said, "Lord, help me please." I got to sing and shout victory. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I totally [Music] Victory is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get me joy today. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. My mine. Oh, I told Satan get behind. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat.
