################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - Getting in the Spirt Pt 178- 07/09/25 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-09
Title:   Getting in the Spirt Pt 178- 07/09/25
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuLqgqz869g
========================================

It's a reality. Something keeps holding me. [Music] Satan lay before me his temptation. It was his desire to steal away my faith. Oh, but I have found in time the revelation. Christ is the strength I need to keep me in his grave. [Applause] Oh, something keeps holding me. Every day I see always helping me faithfully overcome my trial. guiding me constantly, giving me victory. It's a reality. Oh, something keeps holding me. Oh, let's sing it one more time tonight. Oh, something keeps holding me slowly. Every day I see I see helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, [Applause] guiding me constantly, giving me victory. This is a reality. Something keeps holding me. Amen. Aren't you so glad tonight that you can say something keeps holding me. Amen. Amen. You can be seated this evening and quite a few prayer requests tonight. Just want to uh couple of announcements. Sister Deanna Ward wants to welcome her sister visiting from Ohio, uh Chris Short. Amen. Welcome to the service tonight. Amen. Any other visitors that might be with us tonight. Amen. Welcome to the service. Those that be streaming as well. Amen. We'll just pray that God would bless you tonight. Also, there will be a trustee meeting after service this evening. So, remember that. Want to remember uh please pray for Harry Stacy. Uh he's in a local hospital. Had to have a feeding tube due to a cancerous melanoma. When the cancer was removed, his saliva glands were damaged. says, "God bless you." There's no name on that, but the Lord knows the need there. Uh, brother Josh Jenkins wants us to remember his grandfather, Bill McCullum, uh, with throat cancer. Also, a customer who is a descendant of Brother Brandham named Jeff Brandham has leukemia, needs healing, uh, from the Lord as well. So, we want to remember that need tonight. I want to remember uh, of course, we want to remember the family of brother Mack. Amen. That his passing this week. We just uh certainly want to keep them in prayers and just remember them tonight. Amen. In a very special way. His service going to be on Friday. We lose service going to be on Friday in Virginia. Uh Sister Marilyn Wiggins memorial service will be held here on Monday, I believe, at 7 p.m. So remember that. Amen. In your prayers as well. Uh, brother Matthew Carter, brother Matthew Carowway, uh, home not feeling well tonight. I want to remember brother Fred Perry and got stung by a bee today. Also, brother Bernie Young has a kidney stone. Want to remember him in prayer tonight. Sister Janet Payne uh, wants to thank the Lord. Uh, and those who prayed for her Saturday morning through an ordeal. Also, Victory in the prayer line. Also, please just continue. Remember, uh, Sister Maria Spansia. Uh, looks like she might be crossing over. just be in prayer for her uh for peace for her daughter as well at this time. We certainly want to remember that need tonight. I want to remember uh Sister Ruth Louise Jax. I want to thank the Lord for continuing to give her strength in her body and watch watching over her while she drives home late at night. Also, a special prayer request for a lady named Nancy said God knows the situation there. So, we want to remember that knee tonight. Uh, brother Danny Hughes uh wanted us to remember a 12-year-old Kobe Ellison. He's in a mental institution. Also, his mother, Carolyn. U please pray that he can get better so he can come home. So, we certainly remember that need this evening. Brother Don Forum emailed the library. There's a young lady named Kaye uh that works in Sweet Home, Oregon there uh needs prayer for her eyes, having serious issues with her eyes and just asked for prayer from the church. So, we just want to remember that need tonight. Uh want to remember uh Lori uh Huck Huckaba in prayer. Uh she has a mass had a mass removed yesterday at Franklin Woods Hospital. Please pray for a speedy and complete recovery. I want to also remember sister Kathy uh guest from New Brunswick, Georgia in prayers, dealing with some serious health issues in her body and would appreciate your prayers. Uh she's trusting in God for a complete healing tonight. Amen. Certainly a lot of prayer requests, a lot of needs, but we serve a powerful God tonight. Amen. Amen. These are just future testimonies. Amen. You believe that tonight? Let's just stand to our feet. Brother Dave Swanson, would you come this evening? Take us before the Lord in prayer. How many has a need upon your heart tonight? Amen. just by the lifting up of a hand. Lord, and we're thankful to come into your gates with praise and with thanksgiving. We're thankful, Lord, of the the ability that you've given us to overcome in this hour that we live. Lord, we know it's not ourselves. It's you live inside of us, Lord. and we come and we feed on your word and it the inside man just gets stronger and stronger and the more we yield to you Lord the more you can overcome through us and so we we're thankful for that Lord we're we have these prayer requests that everyone is special to you Lord some uh different all the different needs but it's not so much Lord you're able to take care of each one and that's what's important nothing's too small nothing's too big Nothing's insignificant. Lord, you're you care about little sparrows that fall. You care about little things. You want you resurrected a little fish just to prove that little things mean a lot to you. You we we hear the song if it matters to to you, it matters to the master. So each one, Lord, meant something. I pray that you just meet it according to your riches in Christ Jesus. Pray you'd come, Lord, on this rainy evening. May your spirit fall in our midst, Lord. just anoint our hearts to be able to receive the word for right now. Lord, we need correction. We need this age we live is a soft doy lesian age and it it needs cor we need correction more than anything Lord. We need to know where we're not right where we can make things right because we know the hours at hand. So help us Lord. Anoint us I pray. Anoint the song service. Anoint the preaching. Knowing us to receive. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Let's just sing this song tonight. This joy that I have, Amen. The world didn't give it to me. Let's sing that tonight. I guess it's going to rain on the outside. Might as well let it rain on the inside tonight. Amen. Oh, this joy that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, you know the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, this love that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this love that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this love that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. The Holy Ghost. Oh, the Holy Ghost that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the Holy Ghost that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the Holy Ghost that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. This peace. Oh, this peace that I have. You know the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this peace that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Oh, this joy, this joy that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, you know, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Where would I be if not for grace? That key. Where would I be if not for grace? Is that cute? G. What was the song? Where would I be if not for grace? G. Maybe G. Let's try to sing this song tonight. The negas have a song for us tonight. Then brother Harry has one. If they'd be making their way to the platform this evening. Amen. Let's let's try this little course tonight. Amen. Where would I be? You only know. [Music] I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless case an empty place. If not for grace, where would I be? You only know. [Music] I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case an empty place. If not for grace, oh where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. I was a hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, oh, where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, I was a hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace. Let's sing it one more time. Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case. An empty place. if not for grace. Amen. Before you seated tonight, the church has a a couple of cards for brother Donnie and Sister Carol. Amen. I don't know why I always get the honor and privilege of doing this, but I'm not a good speaker, but we certainly appreciate them with all of our hearts. Amen. Just give them a hand tonight. Amen. Keep going. We'll take those. Sister Carol. Amen. I don't know if they'll ever realize on this side how much we appreciate them and how much we love them tonight. Amen. Let's give our singers a nice hand as you're seated tonight. At the feet of Jesus, I will lay my burdens down. I will lay my heavy burdens down. [Music] In the stillness I can hear my Savior calling out. Come to me and lay your burdens down. So I will lay down my struggles. I will lay down my shame. And all the fear I drag around through this life like a ball and chain. And I will sing halleluah to the one who sets me free. And you will find me at the feet of Jesus. And you will find me at the feet of Jesus. [Music] In the arms of Jesus, I will find my peace and rest. I hear him calling, "Come to me and rest. carried by my shepherd cradle tightly to his chest. There and there alone my soul finds rest. So I will rest in the shelter of my Savior's embrace. Hidden safely in the refuge of his mercy and his grace. I will sing halleluah to the one who sets me free. You will find me in the arms of Jesus. [Music] At the feet of my Savior, At the feet of my king, I will bow down and worship. And I will lift my voice and sing hallelu, hallelu to the one who sets me free. And you will find me at the feet of Jesus. And you will find me at the feet of Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Uh, somebody asked me to sing this. I don't know if they got the words in there. It was the other one, brother. I'm sorry. Lord, to sing about you. I sent it to Justin. I don't know if he got the words, but if if you know it, you help me sing it. D The world was this way before I came along. And it may not get better by the time that I'm gone. [Music] But if I have a part while I'm passing through, let me smile from my heart, Lord, and sing about you. [Music] Cuz I love you, Jesus, [Applause] and I love your name. And a long time ago, I'm glad you came. Let others go on. do what they want to do. But it makes me happy to sing about you. I've tasted some tear drops, had heartache and pain. And I've reached for rainbows, but only in vain. I was so empty, so lonely and blue. Till you came in my heart, Lord, with a song about you. And I love you, Jesus. And I love your name. A long time ago. I'm glad you came. Let others go on do what they want to do. But it makes me happy to get to sing about you. [Music] Oh, I love you, Jesus. Oh, I love your name a long time ago. I'm glad you came. Let others go. do what they want to do. But it makes me happy just to sing about you. Help me sing that chorus if you love me. Oh, I love you, Jesus, and I love your name a long time ago. I'm glad you came. ers go do what they want to do. But it makes us happy. But it makes me happy. So happy, Lord. Just to sing [Music] about you. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. How many can say amen to that? Amen. Happy is the people whose God is the Lord. Amen. Amen. Happy is the nation, too. Could be why our nation's not happy anymore. Amen. Cuz certainly the Lord Jesus is not the God of our nation. But I'm glad that we can say as a people, he's our God. Amen. Well, didn't we have some wonderful meetings this weekend? Praise the Lord. I so enjoyed the word, singing, the worship, fellowship of the different saints from different places that came to be with us. Again, I want to say how much I appreciate all the effort of everybody, all the sisters and all the preparation of the food and all that you did, the deacons, all the brothers in the prayer line, just absolutely everybody. Thank you for what you did because it couldn't be possible without all of y'all putting forth your effort and we're so so happy that we could have this time. I'm sure you know it already. We've been robbed for several years of the blessings of being able to host a meeting. Isn't it a blessing to be able to do it? To watch the people of God come and be blessed. I don't how many people I've heard from already got healed, got delivered, people that got things from the Lord. That's it's just awesome. So before we read the word, let me take care of birthdays. I want to wish happy and uh happy birthday to Ashley and Courtney, their birthday on Monday. Happy anniversary to Miss Carol yesterday. 52 years. Wow. probably between her and my guardian angels, I won't even get a reward. I tell her all the time when I walk up before the Lord, he'll say, "You don't get anything. Your guardian angels and your wife gets everything. You cause so many issues." But oh my, what a what a wonderful gift God gave me when he gave me her. I I love her so much. I'm so thankful to God for her. Also like to wish her a happy birthday today. And um I'm not sure I should tell you how old she is, but I'm 69 and we're born on the same day. So, Amen. I'd also like to wish Emma and Ellie and my son-in-law Scotty a happy birthday tomorrow and anybody else around the world that's had one the last few days. We hope you all had a happy birthday, too. So, praise the Lord. If I miss this week, I'm in a lot of trouble for sure, you know. So, so grateful for the blessings of the Lord. Let's turn tonight if you would to Genesis 24:53. Oh, how we thank the Lord for that rain that moves through that, too. I guess I don't care for the lightning very much, but Amen. Thank the Lord for the rain. I've been over here watering every day for I don't know how long. Several trips over here today, so it's getting pretty dry. Maybe you feel that way tonight in your soul. Maybe you need a good outpouring. I believe we're in the right place for it to happen, don't you? Genesis 24:53. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver and jewels of gold and raignment and gave them to Rebecca. Now I want you to notice now how that Moses when he writes this how the differentiation is between the gifts that the servant gives to her versus her mother and her brother. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver. Silver speaks of redemption and jewels of gold. Gold speaks of deity. And Raymond, well, you reckon she didn't have no clothes? But you see, this is a gift from her husband. So, her wearing the clothes he gave her sets her apart from any other maiden in the land. Now, I realize folks in this age don't think clothes matter. If I could call Rebecca tonight for a witness, she'd witness against all those that say it don't matter. Right now, she could have took the silver and took the gold and refused the clothes. I I don't like that. That's not my color. That's too long. I'd look like a holy roller. I'd look like an old woman. I'm only 16. You expect me to dress like an old woman? But you see, Rebecca, if you're going to be the bride, you're going to have to take the gifts the messenger brings to you. So, you can't sort and pick. I like, I don't like, I like, I don't like. It's not multiple selection. It's not yes and no. These are gifts and they come from the bridegroom. So, if you won't accept the bridegroom's gifts, guess what? He won't accept you. Quite simple, isn't it? And the servant brought forth jewels of silver and jewels of gold and raignment. So she must dress the part and look the part and gave them to Rebecca. Now listen at the difference. He gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. Oh, precious things. What about the raignment? What about the redemption? What about the deity? No, they got some precious things. Now, notice what they do. This is the the agreement now that is being made. And they seal it as it were with a meal and with drinking. and they eat and drink he and the men that were with him. And they tried all night. And they rose up in the morning and he said, "Send me away unto my master." You've got to be kidding me. So he meets her one day, lays all this honor, tells her this whole scenario and wants to leave the very next morning. And they're still trying to process all this. They can't check him out. So they're still trying to process and think, who is this guy? and her mo her brother and her mother said, "Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at least 10." At least 10. After that, she shall go. I mean, let it be remembered tonight as we pray. Heavenly Father, we're still rejoicing in our hearts tonight, Lord Jesus, for the great services that we had your Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. And we were just so blessed. Father, there's no telling the things of eternal value that were accomplished these few days that we were together. I believe the angels of God were here present every service to minister to the needs and the desires of your children. Not only in the visible audience, but Father, those that streamed and those that will go back and archive and lives I believe will be changed by what you placed on our brother's hearts. How we thank you for men of God in this day that surrender themselves to you and follow the leading of the spirit of God. We thank you for the brothers that helped in the prayer line. We believe, Father, great things. We will still hear about them and we're giving you praise for them in advance. Now, here we are again in another service. We were fed so well on the weekend, but I I just have to say, Lord, I've been so excited about coming to church again on Wednesday. Of course, we know that's the way we are as humans. We eat a good meal and before long, we need some more and then again and again. And we've done this all of our lives. So is it with our spiritual gastronomics that we never get enough? As your prophet said, it's like we never get enough. It's so rich in vitamins and so wonderful and we're so thankful for it. And then within a day or so, we're ready again. So Lord, would you speak to us tonight from your great word? We love you. We commit the service to you tonight. Father, we pray for comfort, Lord, for our sister Ruthanne Carter. Lord, we didn't didn't realize it was going to be just this week that you were going to call our brother Mack home. Lord, just a few days ago that he stood right here to my right, right in front of me, and me and the brothers laid our hands on him and prayed for him. Little did we know, little did I know as his pastor that would be the last time I would ever see him alive. Help us, Lord, to live every day as if that could happen to each of us. Cuz it doesn't really matter about our age. Lord, I'm thinking about those people down in Texas that had that flood, Lord, that came through and hit several of those camps and Lord, several of those young people that were killed and over a hundred that that have already been pronounced dead. We pray for your mercy, oh God, to those families and friends and those communities, Lord, and those twin girls. And I thought about our twin granddaughter's father and two sisters that were not twins yet when they found their bodies. They had their hands was clasped one to the other and they were hugging each other. Dear God, we pray for your comfort to them families. Help them, Lord Jesus. We don't know them, but Father, we're moved by the by the pain and the sorrow of others because we believe you are. May they feel your presence being near them, Lord God. In the name of Jesus, we ask it. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. There's no way that she would have known this particular day would change her life forever. Probably like Noah, like Abraham, like myself, like you. Carol and I were talking about it this week and she said, "You know, I I never really had no great plans in my life of what I wanted to become, of what I wanted to to be." And I said, "No, me either. I I didn't really have any great plans of I wanted to be this or that or the other." And I heard the prophet say that Noah was a man that didn't have great ambitions and great desires to become much of anything. We don't really have much history or much in the scripture written about this young lady, 16 years old. She probably didn't have a lot of goals and maybe a lot of objectives in life. thinking she would marry some local man. Maybe that would have been a businessman, a sheep herder, possibly a farmer, probably no more than that, thinking that she would marry a man and just have a family, raise some kids, just a normal average everyday type of person. But yet, little did she know what almighty God had in his plan for her. I guarantee you one thing as we sit here tonight, most of us if we could look back, we would have never in our wildest imaginations ever imagined the journey that we have been on thus far in our lives. Now, I've got several years behind me. Some of you sitting here tonight, you young people, you're in your tw in your teens or your early 20s, and you think, "Wow, you know what lays before me?" There's no telling. But there's one thing I know that if we can commit our life into the hands of him who brought us here, he can do more with our life than you and I could ever imagine. When we think about a person like this, it must have been overwhelming as she began to watch the great purpose and the plan of God unfold for her. Now, she felt that day a supernatural presence may be quite unlike anything she'd ever sense before. And we're told and taught that the angel of the Lord had moved on her heart about 30 minutes prior before the servant of God there. So, she felt it was going to be a great kind of a day. still in that she didn't know all that would lay before her. I imagine that as she embraced it and it began to unfold and her sitting back and thinking that night when she finally laid down and began to think about the day, what has just happened to me? What has just happened to me that this man has come from 450 to 500 miles away? He come with a plan, a purpose. I am overwhelmed by what has unfolded in my life this very day. And to think that almighty God had her name placed upon his plan before the foundation of the world. Now, that's wonderful about Rebecca. I believe the same thing about me. You believe the same thing about you. Now, you look and you say, "Well, Brother Donnie, I may never be a great person like Rebecca." That's right. You may not. Most of us will probably never make the great records of history in the way that she did. But think about it. Rebecca, young sisters, can never take your place. For some of you young ladies here tonight that are born again and filled with the Holy Ghost, your position in the kingdom of God has already excelled in the spiritual realm higher than Rebecca was ever able to walk because she never had a new birth. She never had deity living inside of her soul. You young sisters sitting here tonight that have repented and been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus and been filled with the Holy Ghost already your journey in Christ Jesus has brought you farther than Rebecca's did her entire spiritual walk with God. The angel of the Lord would have come and anointed her and that anointing would have pulled away from her. We don't know if she ever felt it again for the rest of her life, but here you sat tonight with deity living inside of your soul. We are a blessed people, are we not? Now, we've been looking at the matan and part of what the bridegroom sent for the bride. And as we look at it, the differentiation between the gifts signify position. and it signifies elevation. Now, I know a lot of folks have a hard time with election and choosing and predestination and fornowledge and all that sort of thing, but to me, I absolutely love it. I love it. I It's hard to explain, but I actually started studying predestination before I come to the message. Now, I don't know why because my uncle's church that I went to, they never taught it. I never heard one sermon all the years that I went there. All the years I went to the Pentecostal churches when I was not preaching. I never heard one sermon on election, predestination, fornowledge or any of that. But there was something in me that I started hungering for it and I started looking at it in the scripture. Now I realize of course what it was. It was the seed of God that began to call me to that spot. And I don't mind telling you after all these years in the message, it's still one of my favorites. I thank God for election. Don't you? Now, you know, I know that as I said, people many times they struggle with it. And and to them, to people without uh regeneration of the Holy Ghost, they look at it and seemingly take as if though it is unfair. But remember, it is God who does the selecting as it was with Rebecca. And Eleazar believed that God had a particular woman that was chosen for his master back home. Now, he did not have a manual. He did not have a book to go by. He did not give him a list of all the things above. But he was depending upon the Lord to lead him in the direction. and that whatever the spirit of God led him to do that this woman would have him her the matching traits and identity that the spirit of God had predetermined that would be the right type of a woman. Now, I know I've been saying it a lot, but let me say it again and reiterate it to you and make it plain. It's the same way with every one of you that are sitting here tonight. You young women, you young men that are not married, you're looking for a girlfriend or boyfriend and that you're at that age to where you have a desire for one and God wants you to have that. But remember, don't let the devil cheat you or shortch change you from that one that God has ordained for you. Now I'm not saying that you cannot have an element of happiness if you marry the wrong one. But you will never have the degree of happiness that you could have had in life if you will get the right one. So don't settle for less than the plan of God for your life. Can you parents say amen to that? Amen. Can you adults that are already married, can you say amen to that? Now election is all through the the Bible and it begins of course the New Testament and election is not a foundational doctrine that actually begins with the message in the last days. As a matter of fact, election was before the foundation of the world. But we see it displayed in the very first book of the Bible and we see it in the first couple of chapters of the very first book of the Bible which is gene ais or as we call it Genesis. Now God in his great attributes wanted to display the ability that he could choose for himself. And it's not, of course, that you and I have the ability to say, "Well, you can go. You can't go. You can go, you can't." It's totally out of our ability to choose, even for ourselves as well as others. I'm kind of glad cuz they don't tell what I choose left up to me. Now when you think about it that God in all of his greatness and whenever he began to to create the universe actually election was displayed in the creation of the universe and the planets and the stars. Now whenever father began to create the planets and he began to give them their glory. Now, as we stand down here and we look at at what the the scientists will call the elliptical plane. Now, the elliptical plane is that that we look out in the starry skies at night and we can look out through there. It's the way that we can see it looks like an horizon and we will see the zodiac. We'll see all the different stars and the elements. And with a telescope, of course, you can see more. But it's so designed that they they the signs would be visible but only from the earth. You see if we lived on Mars they would look totally different. So whenever he placed them out there he wrote his story in such a way that it would be viewed from this planet alone. So he chose this planet called earth. Now he gave it this name Earth. You know any other planets whose names are written in the Bible? Mars, Jupiter, Neptune, Saturn, Pluto? No, they're not. There's only one planet whose name is in the book of life in the Bible, and that's Earth. So now watch, we see God electing one planet out of the trillions of stars that are out there. God chose one planet and then God chose to put that planet in the elliptical plane and put it in this galaxies which is called our neighborhood. And in this neighborhood, God gave us a sun and God gave us a moon. And God gave us orbiting around all of that. And he put us within 93 million miles on the average is where the sun is from the earth. Now, had God put us a million miles closer, it would have been too hot and our lives would have never been able to exist on this planet. Neither would trees or plants or animals. Had God put us a million miles further out, 94 million miles, it would have been so cold, nothing could have ever lived. So, he put us exactly in the habitable zone where we would be able to live. We would have life. We would have water. We would have all the things that we need. That sounds like a loving father. So, what did he do? He displayed election to this one planet and it's the only one that has life on it. Right? There ain't another planet that has lakes, rivers, streams, mountains like we got. Oh my. Ain't that something? How did that happen? He elected this planet and gave it life. You see, he can give life to whomever and whatever he wants to give it to. So this ball of ice as it were, which is was it was in this pre-creation after it come into existence and before life come on it just a ball of ice and the spirit of God be to move upon it. election grace moved upon this ball of ice and as it began to fall and he placed it out there and placed it in the habitable zone. Now listen to me. The elect of God, the bride also live in the spiritual habitable zone of God's eternal life, Zoe. Now, there are other human beings that live outside the spiritual habitable zone. So, they're too cold to give birth to the word of God. Or they're too on fire for the world or for pleasures or whatever more. And they'll never give birth to the word. But yet, God chooses some to live in the habitable zone. They will have sunlight. They will have moonlight. They will have storms because they have an atmosphere. Now remember, the moon does not have an atmosphere like the earth. So when man would be able to walk on the moon years and years ago, do you realize there's no storms, there's no wind, and there's nothing there to take away those footprints. They're still there because there is no atmosphere. The rain cannot move through on the moon the way it did through here a few moments ago. There's no sunny days as it were. There's no 90 degree weather because the moon was not chosen to live in a zone by which God would grant life. So there's no birds, there's no trees, there's no lakes, there's no streams, there's nothing like that. Yet it was chosen to be a satellite to the earth and God gave it great magnetic power within its creation. Now according to the molecular structure of course let me say it this way of the soul of the planet and according to how much iron ore and metallurgic things are on the core and on the inside each one of the planets will have so much drawing power. So God puts so much metallurgical drawing power in the moon that the moon being on an average of 267,000 miles away from the earth. But whenever the moon gets in a certain cycle, the moon will control our our oceans, our seas, and all of that. You imagine over a quarter of a million miles away. And yet the moon controls our water and the tides. Why? Because God said it so. And then God placed our sun in such a spot for what? What's the sun there for? It's not there for Mars, brother D. It's not there for Jupiter. The sun is there because we needed it. And God created this thing which has been there for maybe aons of time. We don't know. And it's like this atomic ball of fire that is constantly generating at its temperature of course millions of degrees on the surface and be 93 million miles away. You imagine as hot as it was today 91 92 something like that. 93 million miles away and it generating and pulsating that much sunlight and UV rays and heat coming out of it. And why did God do that? Cuz God didn't want you to live on a cold planet look like an Eskimo 24/7 off of your entire life. God wanted you to have nice warm sunny days. That sounds like a loving father to me. Now what is he doing? So he elected this planet to bear life. Now Mars might get jealous if it wants to, but its jealousy will never bring the attention and the attribute of God's love toward Mars. You follow me? Say, so you see, God chose this planet. Why, brother Donnie? I don't have a clue. It's certainly not the biggest one. my there's many out there that's much bigger than we are and ones that have more diverse colors and all kinds of things but for whatever reason this little tiny blue dot you've seen the picture I know that the astronauts when they got so far out and into space and then they turned around and they took the picture and there they were miles and miles and miles away and here was their home and what was it a little tiny blue dot right out the middle of nowhere and yet the Lord God elected this planet to bear life. And not only that, it is going to be the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. So you say, why in the world would the great eternal who made this little tiny thing not just put his love on it, but want to come down here and take his own human body from this particular planet? Why not Uranus? Why not Saturn? Why not Pluto? Because God's election is written in the heavens. Now watch. So God then ordained this one planet to have life and water and animals and plants and organisms and on and on and on we could go. And the only one that does. So then when the Lord God made it and the spirit of God began to move, the logos of God took it as it was in the middle of your microwave, sisters, that little tray that turns around and around and around in your microwave. And the logos of God let this come out and whenever it dropped down and he hung it there next to the sun and the prophet said he began to just spin it around. So when he started spinning it around, then the glaciers began to melt. And what it done, it carved out the Grand Canyon and carved out all these different places as it began to melt. And then he gathered the waters together. And he separated and called a great gulf up over the atmosphere. And he caused this great thing to come in to beautiful, beautiful, glorified state. Now watch. Then God chooses one particular area on the earth. So God chose one particular spot near Egypt and then he gave this spot a name. Now watch when God chooses then God names the thing he chooses. Now watch it. So he don't just call it uh whatever. You're you're a thing, you're an it, you're a No, but God gives it a name. So God called a certain spot now on the earth Eden. And then Eden was selected out from all of the places on the face of the earth. You imagine there was the aderondex, there was the the plateau and the great seven sisters in Africa, all the great mountains of the earth and all. But yet God chose that particular place there which the Jews call the navl of the earth. The center, the navl of the earth. And God chose that particular place and he called it Eden. Then watch him keep on as he narrows down his election. Then God names another place and he calls it the garden of Eden. Now watch what he's doing. He's choosing. choosing, choosing, narrowing it down, getting smaller, smaller, and smaller as he goes. Now, that's God's choice. You and I have nothing to say about that. So, he chooses with this very small planet in comparison to a lot of the rest of them out there. So, he started out with a very small planet. Then, he chooses a small location. Then he chooses a smaller something smaller than that called the garden of Eden. Then God decides that he's going to make a man. Well, God does not reach down and and get dust when he's going to make his flesh body out of the garden of Eden, but rather God made man from the Eden dust and then brought him into the garden of Eden. You see, Adam was not made in the garden of Eden, but rather he was placed in the garden of Eden. So what do we see? God choosing, choosing, choosing election. And the church said, now whenever God starts a principle that issues from his eternal essence, you can always go back to that. It will never alter or change. Now there are time attributes that God has that he will express in time. They are necessary and essential for certain things in time to prove. Many of those of course we will not need in eternity. The blood one day will no longer be needed. You realize one day you will no longer need faith. Faith will become sight. So you won't need faith. you will already be in that visible realm with him, but as he brings it into view. Now, we see God then as he calls a man by the name of Abram, one man out of all the inhabitants of the earth and then God brings it on down. So later, he's named Abraham and he goes from Abraham to Isaac. Now, Isaac is not the only son Abraham has, but God chooses Isaac over his halfbrother. So, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Judah, on down, on down, on down, on down. So, where do we see election begin? In the book of Genuses. Genuses. Look at the word Genesis. J E N E S I S. It's gan seed or seed chapter of the Bible. Now God is displaying that election. So to me, if he starts it there and he makes his first man and his woman, then it will be something that he will want to hand down to his elected bride. It was already in his existence to elect and choose. So if he chooses, he could make the horse and make the horse to where oh my, you'll he'll be an animal that will be admired and then he'll make other animals that you eat them. They're not admired very much except for their flavor. But others you just look at them, look at the lion. You don't ever harness him up, have him to pull a plow. Good luck with that. You you don't do a tiger that way. Certain ones are not made for not ones of labor, an ox and different ones down through the ages, they've been made that way. And there's certain birds that are very humble, their plumage, not very beautiful and all. Others that are absolutely breathtaking. And you say, why would he do that? He is a god of diversity. To some, he would give more glory. To some, he would make their songs prettier than others. He would make their cries. Some of them are very pitiful, you know, and that some of them they're so beautiful in their songs or like people when they're singing. And why would God do it that way? Because he's a God of variety. So some he chose to be more beautiful than others. Some he chose to be more gifted than others. So they just sing and sing. I know y'all think I'm a nut and I probably am. But I've got a lot of song birds around our house there where Carol and I live. And I love it whenever they come. I hate it whenever they're gone in the fall and the winter time. And I look forward to in the summertime. And there's certain ones that we've had there and they come back, you know, every year. Maybe not so much that particular one, but they will sing certain certain songs. And I listen to them. I've got one I call a Spencer bird because it sounds like he's saying Spencer, Spencer, Spencer. And I've got different ones and you you can hear them and they're just saying it. You mean y'all don't pay no attention to song birds? Why do you think they gave that song? They're not singing to one another. The Lord God knew what that would do to our hearts if we just recognize it. And you look at all these things that he put upon the earth. Have you ever seen the cardinal my with his beautiful red feathers? Have you ever seen him toing the mirror around taking selfies of himself? He don't realize he's that beautiful. Who? Why? God gave him that for us as his human children that we then are surrounded by election of the mercy and the grace of God. So God chose us by which he would be able to not only share his glory but we would also bear his glory. So Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Judah on down then of course to the line of the tribe of Judah. And then we have the Lord Jesus when he come to the earth. What did he do? He chose him certain disciples and they were all chosen to follow him. But there were three that were chosen of the 12 that the New Testament mentions more than any rest of them. How many knows who they are? Peter, James, and John. And yet John out of the three had a special intimate walk with the Lord Jesus which seemed more profound than even the others. My my I I I I would say some of the brothers really got jealous of all that, wouldn't you? Every time Jesus would go up on top of the mountain, you might as well, well, you guys might as well go. You're his pets. You know, Peter, James, and John. Here they go. Peter, James, and John. They was the one saw the maiden raised from the dead. Peter, James, and John. this Peter, James, and John that you know how human beings are, they probably had some real issues. But when you realize this is part of God's mercy, but with that divine favor, always keep this in mind, there comes a tremendous price to pay for such favor. And God has reflected his election down through the ages. Now, whenever we come to the New Testament, it's beyond me that people would think that when we come to the New Testament that God lays election, fornowledge, predestination, and all that totally aside because we're coming unto the dispensation of grace. But is that exactly the truth? Come on. Can we read some scriptures tonight? Now, for the folks that say they have left the message, whatever that means, let me as we read these things tonight, let me bring it to your attention. Are they also leaving these things that we're going to read? Romans chapter 8 verse 33. Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Now look at this word. I'm going to give you a bunch of the meanings of these words tonight because the meanings hold the mystery of their power. Now watch. Equitus, chosen, picked out, chosen by God. choice select the best of its kind or class. Excellent preeminence. Excellence preeminent applied to certain individual Christians. Now you'll find this in your songs and gardens if you want to look it up. Applied to certain Christian individual, you mean not all Christians, right? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh my. Now notice that Paul said, "Who shall lay anything then to the charge of God's elect?" This is one of the gifts that the bridegroom gives to his beloved bride, that she is elected. Oh yeah. And the church said, Colossians 3:12, "Put on therefore as the elect of God." Now, I hope you understand that everybody will not be able to attain to all of these scriptures tonight that I'm going to share with you unless they are created for the same divine purpose to fit into the chosen or the called. Not saying they won't be saved. There'll be millions of them and they'll certainly outnumber the bride by far. And yet they will come up and come through the tribulation period and be judged and so on. But there's certain attributes and characteristics and traits that the bridegroom imparts as he did to the earth, as he did to Eden, as he did to the Garden of Eden. And he had to narrow it down to a handful of dirt in all of the country of Egyp Eden or that region, however big it was. And he had to go down and isolate to a certain pile or a certain, you know, perimeter of dust in order to make Adam's body. To me, I see election, election, election. It's the same way with the bride of Jesus Christ setting on the same pew. Some of you were with your mother, your father, your loved ones, whatever more. And God may have called you and left the rest of your family sitting there. Oh, I know people saying, "Well, if I'm elected, I'm going to claim my brother." I'll tell you, friend, that's not left up to us. Abraham did not pray that God would make Lot elect. He prayed God would save him. And God did. God saved him from the destruction that come to Sodom, but he never was elect. He was always a penny. He could never be a silver dollar. Now look, Paul again put on therefore as the elect of God. as the elect of God. Not just save people. As the elect of God, holy and beloved, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering. Now, who is this verse attributed to? The elect of God. Will everybody have the humbleness of mind that the bride of Christ has? No sir, they won't. Will they have the proper view of themselves? They will not. This is attributed to the elect of God. Just like the earth living in the habitable zone, what I'm going to describe to you tonight by the help of the Lord is your habitable zone. This is where God wants you to live. So, as the elect of God, then Paul commands us for us to put this on. Wow. Notice how he says it. Put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies. You mean to tell me there's something I've got to do? As the elect of God, I'm supposed to put this on? Well, you can see right now why a lot of folks will never do it. because the way they look at the cross, the cross does everything. They don't have to do nothing. Well, maybe for the category they fit in, that might work for them, but it won't work for me. Amen. And I hope and pray to God it won't work for you either. You see, for those around this message that think they can live the same way about a denominational life, if they if they don't ever change from that, it proves they're not the elect of God. Because the elect of God, they live in the habitable zone of God by which they are the recipients of life. What good would it have done to plant grass seed and apple trees and peaches and all that on Mars? What good would it have done God to say, "Let there be seed over on Neptune? Let there be this over there." It doesn't live in the habitable zone. So therefore, the temperature would not match where it's at. It don't do no good friends to try to bring this person to the word and that person to the word and that person to the word. That's why some of them can go for a long time and they try to give shelter to that word. But if they themselves are not a predestinated habitable zone, they'll never be able to give birth to the word. They can't do it. Praise the Lord. Oh my. Thank God. Notice put on therefore as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of might, meekness, longsuffering. Titus 1:1. Paul, a servant of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ according to the faith of God's elect, not every Christian. Now watch how the New Testament segregates and pulls a certain category of people out from the rest of Christianity. But you see friends through the church ages this was lost. Calvin comes along and he begins to read it and then what does he do? He goes to seed and Calvinism of course goes to that seed core and when it does then had to come the Methodist and the Pentecostals and all that and then what did they do? They went from the Calvinistic ditch until the legalistic ditch. Does it really matter which ditch you're in? You're still ditch driving. The road's a whole lot smoother. You know, anybody ever run off the road into a ditch? It ain't fun, is it? It's not very nice. It's not very pleasant. The ditch ain't paved. The ditch ain't made for driving. Yet, a lot of us, that's where we've lived a lot of our lives. Some of you come from Baptist, you come to the message, you go from one side to the other. Believe me, I know. I come from Pentecost. And when I come from Pentecost, I was so fed up with a lot of the Pentecostal stuff. I come out of the Pentecostal ditch and went from there into a message ditch and got to a place I didn't believe in harding nothing of the supernatural for a long time. But thank God he finally got my hard head and my knad out of that ditch and set me up on the way. And it's a way of holiness. Aren't you glad you're on the way tonight? Thank you. Now watch Paul again says Paul a servant of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ according to the faith of God's elect and the acknowledging of the truth is after godliness. Peter again now notice how the apostles believe this. 1 Peter 1:2, elect according to the fornowledge of God the Father through sanctification of the Spirit unto obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ. Grace be unto you and peace be multiplied. And to whom was this addressed? Elect. elect chosen. Second John 1:1, the elder unto the elect lady. I hope that's who I'm speaking to tonight. The elder unto the elect lady and her children. Huh? So, we've got an elect lady and she has children. whom I love in the truth. And not only I, but also all they that have known the truth. So, is election part of God's way? How many believe it? Let me see your hands. Let every devil out of hell say you're voting tonight. How many believes in election? It is not a doctrine that was founded by William Mary and Brennham. That's right. It was founded by Almighty God. Notice again in Romans 9:10. Not only this, but when Rebecca ah here we go. Here's the past now of the young lady that we're reading about. when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac. For the children being not yet born, neither having done either good or evil, that the purpose of God according to ah so the purpose of God is not according to free moral agency. I know some of you all cherish your free moral agency. Mine's got me into the most of my problems in life. And I'll go ahead and say for you, it's your free moral agency that's made a mess out of many of your lives. Not election. Free moral agency got us in the mess. Election got us out. Hallelujah. Free moral agency got Abraham to a spot. He was about to give his wife away. Come on, somebody. Free moral agency got Moses into the spot he was in, but God brought him out. Free moral agency got Isaac into the same spot he lied about his wife. Free moral agency got brother Brandham into the spot that he didn't go when God called him to do. But God could not take somebody else and say, "William Brandom, because you failed me miserably, I'm going to get somebody else to take your place." There wasn't another man on the earth that could take his place. And let me bring it on down to you tonight. There ain't another mortal on the earth that can take yours. They ain't nobody can take your place. But brother Donnie, I've made so many mistakes. Yeah, join the family. So have all the rest of us. But that's the great thing about election. Hallelujah. That we make a mess out of it. And the grace of God comes right back in and says, "Devil, watch this. They made a mess and you made a mess. But watch me take that mess that you make and watch me turn it around because this is my son or my daughter that I elected before the foundation of the world. I imagine the devil hates election. I guess I just don't understand why a lot of message preachers do. Oh, I hope that don't mean they're on the wrong side. Now, notice for the children being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil. So, it was not based upon them at all. That the purpose of God according to election. Now, look at this word. It's a little different Greek word, which of course has a different meaning. chosen the act of picking out choosing used of the act of God's will. Ah, now this is the free will that I am. Oh, hallelujah. Boy, the free will Baptist would have a hard time with the meaning of this word, wouldn't they? But the free will bride don't because I'm not bride by my free will. I'm bride by his free will. That's exactly right. The earth is not the earth because the earth said, "Father, father, let it be me. Let me have life. Let me have streams. Let me have rivers. Let me have beautiful. Let me have the Amazon. Let me have the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea. Let me have it, Father. Let me have Alaska. Let me have beautiful Tennessee. Let me have the Blue Ridge. Let me have all that." Please, Father, please, please, please let me have it. It was God who predetermined and put all this beauty. I'll tell you, we live in a very beautiful planet, don't we? I've been around the earth, I'll tell you, and seen a lot of it. If it's this beautiful now, I cannot imagine what it's going to be like when it takes on its eating beauty again. It's the same way with you and I. If we are the beautiful sons and daughters of God in this fallen sake, can you imagine what it's going to be when we walk out of that 18 years old? I'm one year closer to being 18. Oh, you say you're farther away. No, I ain't neither. I'm closer now than I've ever been. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad, brother D? We're closer every time my heart beats. I'm closer to being an 18year-old boy again. Oh, glory to God. The act of picking out, choosing. Again, you can find this in your strongest concordance. Used of the act of God's free will by which before the foundation of the world, he decreed the blessings. Oh no, to certain persons. Amen. Sort of like a certain planet and a certain region and a certain garden and a certain man by the name of Abraham and another by the name of Isaac. Praise the Lord. What the bride's matan would have to have this gift. Amen. Notice this. By free will, God's free will. by which before the foundation of the world he decreed his blessings to certain persons. The decree made from choice by which he determined to bless certain persons through Christ by grace. As a matter of fact, the prophet said that Esau was a much better man than Jacob was. Took care of his daddy. Done this and that and the other. Oh my. Some of y'all still got a little bit of free will Baptist in you, ain't you? Oh my goodness. Notice that the purpose of God according to election might stand not of works but of him that call us. It was said unto her who Rebecca. Now you imagine this. It was a great revelation, but it must have been somewhat burdensome cuz before her boys was ever born, it was told to her, "I've chosen one above the other." I love one of your boys and I hate the other. Now, not hatred in the way that you and I think. You look at the Hebrew word, it actually means love less. God loves the church. I love all you sisters here tonight, but there's one I love a whole lot more than all the rest of you put together. And brothers, if you don't feel that way about your wife, come here. I'm going cast that devil off of you. No. That is that the way I should love my wife? Should I love my wife more than your wife? You need to vote me out if I don't. Why? Because she is my wife. And yet I love our our wives, our sisters, our daughters, all that in the Lord. I love him. But yet, my there's something about the love I have for my wife. And God so loved the world. child never said God so loved the bride but the world the cosmos that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life for God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved might not would be but Jesus was on a secret mission He come to seek and to save that which was lost. Notice Romans 9:12. It was said unto her, "The elder shall serve the younger. As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated." What shall we say then? Same thing a lot of people say today is there unrighteousness with God? But they don't read the rest of this verse. God forbid. Even so, oh my Romans 11:5. Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace. Oh my goodness. So you mean election works with grace? election of grace. Verse six, and if by grace and it is no more works, otherwise grace is no more of grace. But if it be of works, and it is no more grace, otherwise work is no more work. What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for, but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded. On what principle? Election. Well, brother Donnie, what if I'm bri? But if you want to be saved, you can be. I don't want to go to hell. I don't want to go to hell. You don't have to. Right. If you go to hell, you choose to. If you want to be saved, you can be saved. You can live a a godly life as far as that grace will allow you and leads you to. And the church said, "Who are these?" John said. And John didn't know who they were. These are those are they that came out of great tribulation. And they have washed the robes in the blood of the lamb and they've made them white. Why do they go through the tribulation? Because are not not under the full atonement. The full atonement of Christ's blood will speak of total innocence for those who are under. If every church member is under the blood of Jesus by being saved, there can be no Christians in the tribulation period. That's right. But they think they're fully under it. But they reject the word by the way to get to the full atonement. Oh, thank God for his grace. Notice then in first Thessalonians chapter 1 verse4, knowing brethren, beloved, your election of God. Now, here's another little package I found this evening. Now, I thought I was ready to preach tonight, but late this evening, the Lord come down in my study where I was at, and he started exploding these little bombs all around me. And I got to look at that word and looking at that word and looking at that word. So, I had to redo my sermon of what I thought I was going to what I thought I was going to bring tonight. So, apparently, there must be at least one person here tonight that needs this besides me. Amen. Another one of these little packages that I like to unwrap for you, Miss Rebecca. Is this little gift called predestinated? Now, this and yours got me in trouble all over the world, but it's also got me out a whole lot more trouble than I've ever got into. Amen. According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy. Can't you see why Leodysia's church cannot fulfill this? They reject the entirety of holiness unto the Lord. As a man would say to his espoused, "Be thou sanctified unto me according to the law of God, Moses and of Israel, sanctified unto me." So the woman would be flirting with any other man. She was considered legally obligated to that man. And when they were engaged, but less they want to live the way they want to live, dress the way. Oh, what difference does it make the way you look? Why a little bit of makeup? Don't hurry and sing. My goodness, a little bit of paint helps an old barn. I agree. Sisters, are you calling your face an old barn face? You think I need did a little bit of makeup? Think you need to wear your dresses a little bit tighter to make yourself a little more sexy? Who you trying to impress? You want to be belong to a whouse? You want to be a prostitute or you want to be a daughter of God? Can't be boss. Remember that old mother Tell me how you can be even a foolish virgin and belong to a system when the rapture takes place and your name is found on that stalk book, you're lost. Amen. How in the world can the foolish virgin come out of a system? It's impossible for you to be a virgin and be a Praise the Lord. Now notice as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love having predestinated us. Amen. predestinated us determine before to predetermine decide beforehand in the New Testament of God decreeing from eternity to forord ordain a point beforehand and word of life church said praise Praise be to God. I'm so glad I believe in predestination. I'd be a mighty discouraged pastor tonight if I didn't believe in it. I don't mind telling you. Notice then it was God who did it. Having predestinated us. So, we're not just predestinated to be saved. We're not just predestinated to come to church, but we're predestinated to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to our works and by paying tithes and going to church and helping the widow. According to what? The good pleasure of his will. Oh, look at this word again. You see, it was God's will, not yours, not mine. God's will. Amen. Oh, praise be to God. Look at verse six. To the praise of the glory of his grace. So you see, predestination does not conflict with grace. It complements it to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he has made us. Another little package with a bow on it for it, Rebecca. He has made us accepted in the beloved, in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sin, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself. out. So, how many of these good people do you work with have a clue about the mystery of God? And some of your sisters want to marry such a man that make that your husband. Some of your brothers want to marry such a woman that has no clue of what you even believe. Oh, she's a good girl. She's a good girl. And what kind of home you figure you're going to have? Which church you going to go to? Her Baptist one or this one? Come on. How's your children going to be raised? You going to be able to fellowship with our sisters and their long hair and their long dresses? Go ahead. Preach, brother Donnie. Verse 10. that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, which are on earth, even in him, in whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated, according to the purpose of him who workketh all things up to the counsel of his own will. Can't you see why Satan has so exalted man's free moral agency and even in churches what he's done with free moral agency and he's made it higher in the mind of man than God's own will. I thank God tonight the will of God has power over my will. I'm a stupid human and you are too. We're as dumb as a coal bucket. We're as dumb as a box of rocks. We'd choose everything in our life would be the dumbest mess it ever was. Was it not for the grace of God, you would have chose the wrong church. You would have chose the wrong pastor. You would have chose the wrong wife. You would have chose the wrong man to follow. You would have chose a bishop instead of a prophet. Come on, somebody. You would not have chose Elijah. You would have chose some Nabos or some kind of something other. But God did not let it depend upon you. He said, "I can't trust my bride. I've got to choose for her. I'm going to choose Elijah. I'm going to choose this church. I'm going to choose this message. I'm going to choose this." Thank God he did. Thank God he did. Carol and I was talking about it the other day and she said, "Donnie, I love this message more than ever before." I said, "I know. I do, too. She said, "Wonder where we would be if God had not got a hold of us. No doubt I'd still been preaching. Where would we been, Harry? Pentecostal, apostolic. Oh, I might have had a radio broadcast or little television broadcast or, you know, some kind of this or that or the other. If it had been left up to my choice, no telling what I'd have been. Oh, but some of you have been. But I'm glad God is the interrupter of man's plans. Praise be to God. Aren't you glad he interrupted your plans? Interrupted your life. My goodness. Where would you be tonight, Brother Aaron? Where would we be tonight, Brother Ben? Were it not for the grace of God? Can't you see why God could not leave such a great program? Oh my. To to be able to just man to do it himself. Can you imagine these poor ignoramises that believe in evolution? I heard a creation scientist say not long ago, so it's a man that's a Christian and he's a scientist, but he doesn't believe in evolution. And he said, "So let's take that theory and let's take a pile of 2x4s, 2 by sixes, concrete blocks, shingles, insulation, wiring." And he went through a whole list of building material. And he said, "Let's put them all in one pile and see how long it'll take them to evolve into a house." Case closed. Can you imagine this place we live and it started with a polywog or started with some kind of slimy something other. It was no slimy something or another. It was our father God that said let there be and there was. Let there be and there was. It's the same way with you and I. We wasn't some polywag in a pond of scum. But we was an attribute of God ordained before the foundation of the world. And the Lord God says, "Satan, you may have them for a while, but they're mine. I'll get them. I'll take them away from you. I'll save them. I'll sanctify him. I'll fill him with the Holy Ghost. I'm warning you now, devil. He is mine. She is mine. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God. that we should be to the praise of his glory who first trusted in Christ. Now the word predestinate, Romans 8:29, for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn, not the only one, but the firstborn among many brethren. Same father, same father. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called, and whom he called, them he also justified, and whom he justified, them he also glorified. What shall we say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? You believe that tonight? Thank you. Now, let's look at another one of your little packages here. What is that name tag? Oh, I see it. Forno. Forno. Romans 8:29. For whom he did forno. Again, your strongest concordance number 4267. for ordained know before to have knowledge beforehand. Amen. To forno those whom God forneew so that they would love him. So what is it you have to brag about? What is it you have to brag about, brother Malachi? What you got to brag about? Not one thing. Let me tell you why I love him the way I do. I'm ordained to. Come on, somebody. I was ordained to not be satisfied being a Baptist preacher or a Pentecostal preacher. Can you imagine me being a Catholic priest, big walking out with a woman's dress on? You imagine me? Oh my. I wasn't ordained to dress like no woman. I wasn't ordained to bring the lightened and the this and that and the other. I was ordained to pack the word of life. I was ordained, hallelujah, to bring life to the bride of Jesus Christ along with the rest of my minister. Brother, you was not ordained to stay in no Baptist church. You wasn't ordained to stay in no Methodist church. Neither are you ordained to sudden some dried up message church that don't believe in the power of God. Hallelujah. You're ordained to follow the ways of the Lord. You're ordained to be in his image. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Romans 11:2, God hath not cast away his people, his people, which he forneew. What ye not of what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying God, listen, hath not cast away his people which he forneew hear that don't you? First Peter 1:2, elect according to the fornowledge of God the father. Can we look at another attribute? Yes. Chosen. Matthew 2:16. So the last shall be first and the first shall be last. For many be called but few chosen. Ah look at this word. Same one we looked at before. Equtos. Picked out. chosen by God to obtain salvation through Christ. Choice select the best of its kind or class. So in the class of Christianity that are the prime choice, the elect, the prime rib if you will, because they are prime and they come from under his rib, his heart. So they are the select cut, the premier choice. Churches, churches and brides, brides and churches, churches and brides, brides. But there must come one who has both mechanics and dynamics. Hallelujah. She don't come by membership. She come by the breaking forth of the blood of life that dripped on her name. The best in its class. Notice again 1 Peter 2:9. But ye are a chosen generation. Well, glory to God. Genos, kind offspring, stock race. I am a racist. Yeah. The race of God. And in that race is black, white, red, yellow. Amen. Africans, Americans, there'll even be a few Tennessans say, "Thank God. I am part of this race." Come on, somebody. The black race is not superior. The white race is not superior. The Hispanic is not superior. But the God race is the superior race. That's what God wants the earth to be ruled by. The race of his own kind. Hallelujah. The race of God is fixing to take over the earth. All three sons of Noah, their races have ruled the earth and all three of them have proven they cannot do it. But God will have a race. Amen. Amen. Ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood and holy nation, a pecular people. Now this don't mean probably what you think. Look at the word peculiar purchase possession. People think peculiar means acting odd and strange and weird. So they try to make themsel weird. That's not what the word even means. a purchased possession, one's own property. In other words, you don't belong to yourself. You don't belong, you're not, you know, just an instrument in the church and the church owns you. You're not a pawn for a denomination. You belong to the Lord Jesus. You are a peculiar people. So if he tells you don't go there, you don't go there. If he tells you don't dress this way, don't act this way, don't do this, do that. If you are purchased by him and you belong to him, he can control you. You see why this don't fit everybody? Cuz they're saved out of control. Saved people. My I'll tell you one thing. I nearly had a runaway this evening when I was sitting downstairs studying. Look at this. A holy nation, a pecular people that should show forth the praises. I don't remember ever, brother Rob, clicking on this word praises, but was I surprised when I did. Look at what he says. Virtue praises a virtuous course of thought, feeling, and action. You understand? I'm coming right back to what the prophet said. You're worshiping the Lord when you're witnessing. Worshiping to the Lord when you're telling somebody there's a need of God. And we think praise can only be in the church. We're called to give praise to him out of virtue, not repetition. Let's everybody raise our hands and praise the Lord. Well, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It's a virtue. It's a virtue. This is the elect of God. Notice what they are. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. That ye should show forth the praises. The praises. And it is virtue, a virtuous course of thought, feeling and action, moral goodness, any particular moral excellence as modesty and purity. So praises, so it ain't about this. Do we believe in that? Yes. This is a higher praise. You see, the church can do this. The church can do this and smoke and and live with somebody else's wife, but only the elect of God can be able to render this kind of praise because it's a virtue that comes from their new birth. They live in this habitable zone. This is a description of who they are. They're walking in a plane that other planets cannot walk in. They're living in a sphere, in a realm. And let me tell you something, it's so painful to them cuz it's like the more they get, the more they want. And the more they want, the more they get. And the more they get, the more they want. And the more they want, the more they get. And the more they get, the more they want. And the more they want, the more they get. And it's like they're never satisfied. And they're so satisfied. A lot of people think they're crazy. Why? It's like their thoughts, their virtue. It's more than just standing there. Hallelujah Jesus. Hallelujah Jesus. But it's a higher praise. A virtuous course of thought, feeling an action, moral goodness, any particular moral excellence as modesty and purity. But you are a chosen generation. I'll tell you one thing, this is quite amazing for a man that a few years prior to this and was written about him in the book of Acts said they were ignorant and unlearned. This old boy got an education, didn't he? A divine one. You are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the virtue, the virtue of him, who has called you out. of darkness into his marvelous light. Let's stand our feet. We'll read the meaning of the word called Ko. Now listen the way Peter said it here was to shed show forth the praises of him who has called you out of darkness. K Leo be it to call aloud to name to give a name to. So God named the earth, man named Mars. God named Earth, man named Pluto. God named Earth. Man named Uranus. God named Earth. Man named the others. God called his church the church of the firstborn. Man called them Methodist, Baptist, Church of God. That same spirit come right around the message. Two soul, seven thunder, tape only. in a whatever name notice. But is that what God calls us? Does God call us the press play group? No. But that organizational spirit around the message does. Well, we're we're Peruia. We're we're Seven Thunder. Oh, that's a man name. But what does God do when you're called? God calls you personally. And then he calls you collectively to fellowship in a certain group or a certain body and he keeps on calling. So if you go by the way of the grave when the resurrection comes, he'll call and you'll answer. If you're alive, he'll call and you'll answer alive. The one who started calling keeps right on calling until you arrive at home. Hallelujah. It don't make no difference to him if he gets a business signal or not. He's going to override that business signal. He gets your attention. A lot of us have had a business signal in our lives. Come on, somebody. Lord, say, "Come pray more. Come pray more. Get closer to me." "Lord, I ain't got time. I ain't got time." They hang up the phone. "Uh, come come and get closer." "No, I ain't got time, Lord. I ain't got time." He said, "All right, I'm going to get you one way or the other." You walk in or I drag in. Your name's on that book and I don't make no mistake. So, I'm going to get you, boy. I'm going to get you, girl. You understand? Say, "Yes, sir, Lord. I'm willing. I'm willing." Notice to call aloud, to name, to give a name to. Lord, children, can't you see how fitting it was when the seals is being opened and Elijah stands up with that anointing of Christ, that mighty angel, Revelation 10:1, on him, and he says, "I no longer call you church, but I call you bride." Right? So in 1962 when the five stars line up, what he said it was a sign of an infant bride. Well, I hope and pray to God we're not that no more. The Lord Jesus ain't looking to come to his wife being a three-year-old. He wants a mature wife. How many wants to be mature? Oh, don't you love him? to receive the name of. Now notice to give a name to or to receive the name of. So it's a compound meaning that you can get a name receive a name. receive or you're received as a name to give some name to one to bear a name or title among men. Praise God. We don't want to be called Reaganites, Puadites, Spencerites, or Branommites. I want to be called by the name of the Lord Jesus. The call in the last days is not all right. Whoever's called by Reagan, come on. Whoever's a follower of Ron Spencer, whoever's a follower of Mark Spencer, whoever's a follower of D Ward, that ain't the name he's called it. But he gives his bride his name, which is his word. Let me close with this. Revelation 17:14. These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them, for he is Lord of lords and King of Kings, and they that are with him are called chosen and faithful. Praise God. Well, what did you think, Rebecca? What did you think about your little packages tonight? You know what? I've got one little tiny one left, but it won't take me but just a couple of minutes. So, next Wednesday, we can kind of go some in another direction. Y'all like it? Okay. You would? All right. All right. It's It's called ordained. St. John 15:16. Ye have not chosen make choice to pick out to pick or choose for oneself. Choosing one out of many of God. Choosing whom he judged fit to receive his favors and separated from the rest of mankind to be peculiarly his own and to be attended continually by his gracious oversight. That ought to make a Presbyterian shout, "Glory. Glory to God. Jesus speaking to the disciples, "Ye have not chosen me." Remember the custom was in this first century, the rabbi never chose the disciples to follow him. But you chose the rabbi you wanted to follow. So this man was a rabbi, this one, this one. Each one of them had their own little, you know, heliel or whichever one they followed. And then you heard their teachings and then you would choose. Okay. So, so which one? But Jesus is setting his strength. Now look, boys, you all never chose to follow me. I chose you to follow me. What about it? Word of life. Who done the choosing around here? You or Almighty God? Ye have not chosen me, but I've chosen you and ordained you. Ordained. Appoint to set, to place or lay, to lay by, to make, or set for oneself or for one's use. To set, fix, establish, to set forth. Hallelujah. Acts 13:48. And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad and glorified the word of the Lord. And as many as were ordained to eternal life, believed. You imagine if Peter and James and John and Paul would come into some of the message churches in the way they preach predestination today. They'd have to get up and rebuke some of these preachers and say, "Boys, that ain't the way we taught it." Read your Bible. Read Acts 13:48. Read Ephesians 4. Read Read all them different places. It wasn't you that made your choice. You boys got that Baptist thing all mixed up in your mind. 1 Corinthians 3:7 2:7. But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery. even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory. Ephesians 2:10, for we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. And the church said, "Amen." this variant. Oh Jesus, I'm so glad you interrupted my sermon. I hope that I can always be submissive to your divine interruption. Lord God, I'm so grateful that my choice, my integrity, my honor, my this, my that is not what's going to get me into the great paradise of God. Because you know me well. You know, Lord, I wouldn't never preach the first sermon. I wouldn't go through what I've gone through. And most of these people right behind me, they wouldn't have either. They would have chose the easy route because it's the way of human beings. But you ordained us to be different. All the people of the world look at our sisters and our hair and this and that and the other and they they stand out like I don't know what when they see them. I see it with my wife. I see it with my granddaughters, my daughters whenever we would go out to eat and they look at them with their dresses and their hair and they don't understand. But we are your people. We wear that badge proudly. Oh, Father, I pray you would help us all. Lord Jesus, we, dear God, can be true, faithful people. If there's a sister here tonight that does it because it's tradition, I pray you'd drop it into their hearts. Any of our young sisters that really still don't know why, may you make it so real to them. They'll walk out of these doors tonight with a revelation so real in their soul ain't enough. Devils out of hell to ever take it away from them. That it ain't mama saying it, ain't the pastor saying it. They'll know it because that's what Jesus wants me to do. He don't want us men looking like sissies and dressing like girls. He don't want our sisters dressing like boys. You made them male and female. That's the way you made them. That's the way you want them. Amen. Hallelujah. We love you tonight, Lord God. I thank you for calling me, Lord Jesus. I thank you for choosing me. I thank you for predestinated. I love predestination. You predetermined my destiny before I even have a right to choose. Thank you, Lord God. We worship you tonight, Father. We're called to praise to the praises of your glory by virtue by virtue of that new birth in our soul. Oh Lord Jesus, we worship you tonight, Father. Thank you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, don't you love him, saints? Can we just Can we just lift our hands now in his presence for just a little bit and just love him? Oh my Oh, aren't you glad to be elected? Aren't you glad that you're you've heard a call? Amen. You thought you'd always be a Baptist Methodist Church of God, whatever you were, but he had another name for you. It was Miss Jesus Christ. And thing of it is, we can't call oursel that and it stands. You might call yourself that, but only he can give you that name. When he gives you that name, there ain't enough devils in hell to take it away from you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we worship you tonight, Lord Jesus. We love that blessed name. We cast out devils in it. We're baptized in it. It's the loveliest name that we know. But we love it not just because it's your name, but because it's our name. Amen. It's the family, the earthly family name of redemption. Hallelujah. And we know the family name will be updated. Hallelujah. When you will get your new name, the family name will be updated. But until that hour arrives, we are perfectly content with the family name of redemption. Then in that day we will have the family name of the redeemed. Then we will be called by our true word name. So my name won't be Donnie. Harry's name won't be Harry. Carol won't be Carol. It will be that word name that you spoke our name into existence. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you tonight, Father. Oh, how we love you, Lord God. We want to bring forth the praises of your glory, Father, in our lives. Not just with our hands, not just with our mouths, but by virtue, by thoughts, by the way, by the way treat one another. Oh God, we're praising you when we turn the other cheek. We're giving praise and honor to the work that you've manifested in our life. Whenever people run us down, and we could run them bound, maybe we know some bad things about them, but that would bring us down to their level. So instead of going down to their level, we'll go higher to your level. And we'll bring praise to your name. And instead of telling what we know about them, we'll pray for them. We'll pray for them that you'll change them. We'll pray for them that you'll forgive them. We'll pray for them, Lord, that you'll help them. Lord, instead of getting back at people and getting on Facebook and this and that and the other and tattling, we'll take the higher road. We'll just keep silent. A soft answer turneth away wrath. And love hides a multitude of sins. The prophet tells us that the reason that we don't feel that way about you and even about our brothers is because we've never come into that depth or that degree of love. Oh Jesus, help me to love you more. Yes. And I know if I start loving you more, I'll love the human race more. I'll love my brothers, my sisters more. My enemies, if I have any, I'll love them more. Oh, make me more like you, Jesus. Any How many will say that with me tonight just by raising your hands? Lord, help me to love you more. Help me to love you more, Lord Jesus. If I do, then I can love the way you love. For it's not your will that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. Oh Lord God, that's the way we want to feel about people. No matter how they dress, how they act, how they live, whatever more, Lord, we want to love them, Father, the way you love them, Lord. Oh Jesus, we worship you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we just love him a little bit before we go? Oh, thank God. I really enjoy these Wednesday nights when school ain't going on. So, we can stay just a little bit longer. I know you got your little young ones and you have to get them home. So, let's enjoy this next month or so, whatever it is before we have to go. If you need to go, sure, go on. But for those of you that want to stay, let's just stay here and worship him a little bit. Praise the Lord. Let's just enter into his praise, into his gates with thanksgiving, with a heart that's been redeemed. Thanking where you'd be tonight by your choice, by your great determination to do this or that. You might have been sitting in a Baptist church tonight or a Presbyterian or even worse, sitting in a bar stool somewhere drinking yourself unconscious. But the grace of God moved upon your heart. Thank you, Lord. And pulled you toward him. He called you. He chose you. He ordained you. chose you out of humanity. He chose you out of the rest of Christendom. Not to leave you just in a church, but he calls you to himself. Praise the Lord. Lead us here. Praise the Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Yet he loves. Oh, thank you Jesus. Yes, Lord God. He glory whose glory made the heavens shout. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh, worthy [Music] of such mercy. When he was on the road, I was on his side. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm not on the ego trip. I'm just on my own. I make mistakes. How many does often swim just common flesh and bones? But he'll prove some just what I see. I'm of a special kind. When he was on the cross, you and I [Music] everybody now with all your heart thank God. [Music] He loves me. His glory made the heaven shine. Hallelujah. Oh, what were I such mercy when he was on I was Oh, listen this verse, too. I love it. Hallelujah. The look of love was on his face. The source upon his head. The blood or gar on that scarlet gold stain was primar. [Music] [Music] Jesus looked ahead in time when he was on the cross. [Music] You and I were all he [Music] loved me. His glory made the heaven shine. [Music] I was so unworthy [Music] of such mercy [Applause] [Music] when he was on the cross. Oh, I was on his mind [Applause] for he [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] the heaven. I was so [Music] sat. [Music] I will call his. [Music] Praise the Lord Jesus. Would you mind doing a favor? Do me a favor tonight. I wonder how many might be in the building that's sick or got a need or request on your heart. Can we just lay our hands on one another and pray right now? Believer to believer. Remember, this is not just for preachers now. But Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Brother Bram did this so many times. Brother Daryl has told me in the last six months or so that he's been doing this in different meetings where he's been instead of having prayer lines all the time. He' been praying and asking the Lord to give him direction. It's been absolutely unbelievable the amount of miracles. People have been healed with so many tremendous things that God has done for them just by believers laying hands on one another. Now, you're not praying for yourself, but you're praying for them. Lord Jesus, my brothers and sisters, have their hands one upon the other. We believe your word tonight, Father. This is part of who we are. We don't understand how it works, but all we know is it does. Father, they're not praying for their own needs, but they're praying for that sheep, that brother, that sister that may be so low and so despondent. Dear God, a trial that's so heavy. Maybe it's a son, a daughter, a wewarded person that they're concerned about right now. But Lord, you know what it is. And I pray in the name of Jesus, may the spirit of God bring healing, bring deliverance. Hallelujah. Lord, right here, as brother Matt was talking the other night about his situation with his ear, Lord, as I got a text just this just just this week of one of the brothers in our church that was dealing with a situation in his own ear, he was not even here. Couldn't make the service. But as he streamed the service and heard brother Matt talk about that situation, the spirit of God come to him and brought healing to his body. Father, in the name of Jesus, may sickness leave this people. May depression and sadness, may it leave them. Whatever they're bound with, Lord God, in the name of Jesus, may it leave them. Some of them wanting a greater a closer walk with you. Lord, may tonight be the beginning of that extended pass of the grace of God. Help them, Lord, in the name of Jesus. We give you praise for it, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, we worship you tonight, Lord God. Thank you, Father. Well, it's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Oh, it's me. It's me, Lord. Send it in the prayer. It's me. It's me, Lord. standing in the need of prayer. Not my brother, not my sister, but it's me. Oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not my brother, not my sister, but it's me, my standing in the prayer. It's me. It's me, Lord. See, [Music] it's me. It's me, oh Lord. Oh, it's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not my brother, not my sister, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not my brother, not my sister, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Oh, it's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not the preacher, not the deacon, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Not the preacher, not the deacon, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me, oh Lord. standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music]
