################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - The Bride's Bill of Rights Pt.70 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   The Bride's Bill of Rights Pt.70
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSfT9XI9Yro
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I got it. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] strong for the Lord thy God is with thee. Do not be afraid. Do not be dismayed for walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. For the Lord, thy God is with thee. Be bold. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. The Lord thy God is with thee. Do not be afraid. Do not be disrayed. We're walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory, we're walking in faith and victory. for the Lord. My God is with thee. Run into the camp. Tell everybody get ready. Get ready. Run into the camp. Tell everybody get ready. Get ready. Are you ready to take the land? Are you ready to take a stand? Are you ready to take your last church? Thy God is with. Oh, be bold. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. The Lord thy God is with thee. Do not be afraid. Do not be dismayed. We're walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory for the Lord. Hallelujah. Thy God. You see, he is [Applause] with Hallelujah. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Ain't it good to be in the house of the Lord today? How many of you enjoyed service your Wednesday night? Wasn't the word of the Lord precious? Amen. Today's a different day and we're needing a touch from him again this morning. Right. Look at your neighbor and tell him you're glad to see him in the house of the Lord this morning. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to be in the house of God. If we have any visitors with us today, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you here. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless all of those folks as well. Give all of these folks a good hand if you would this morning. Praise the Lord. We want to look at our prayer request this morning. Just a car, a note of thanks. The Britain family want to thank uh our youth so much for sending several cards that were signed by the youth. It meant so much uh in the loss of their son. Thanks for uh to Sister Carolyn Ivy and all the youth. We have the best uh youth in the country and I'll say amen to that. Won't you? Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to pray for sister Emma Parker been sick for several days. So we'll remember her as we pray today. Brother Glenn Tamlinson sends his prayer request in for a uh Ron Ogle. He's in the hospital in Phoenix, Arizona, critical condition. Has been has had a number of many strokes. Has been diagnosed with brain cancer. He has been on a ventilator for about two weeks with much fluid in his lungs. He's developed a serious infection now as well. This is a life and death situation. He needs a touch from the Lord. He is a Christian. So, thank God for that. So, want to commit that need unto the Lord this morning. Sister Barbara Grley says, "From Wednesday night on, I've been able to sleep uh laying down. Thank you for your prayers." She has an echo uh tomorrow. So, they're asking that we would continue to remember her. Sister Ruth Louise Jax wants to remember Jamie for ruptured appendix. Megan, cancer has reoccurred. Thank you for your prayers. They're the daughters of a friend of mine. So, we want to remember those requests this morning. Kelly McMillan from Edmonton was just diagnosed with throat cancer. Needs a miracle. So, uh want to remember that prayer request as we pray today that God would be mindful. Also, a very happy birthday to Lucas Hixon who turns 13 today. Love Grammy and Grampy. So, praise the Lord. Just commit that need unto the Lord this morning. Brother Charles Garvin, on behalf of the entire Garvin family, would like to thank everyone during the passing of their mother, Judy Garvin. Thanks for the prayers, the phone calls, the cards, and the flowers. So, we appreciate the Garvin family very much, don't we? Amen. Sister Sherry Hayden says, "My sister Mity wanted to thank the church for praying for her. She's doing really good. Praise God. And may God bless all of you that took her on your heart. So God's good, isn't he? Amen. How many unspoken prayer requests do we have in the room today? Could we stand together? Let's sing that. Brother Harry, run into the camp one more time for us. Let's sing that just a little bit more. And then we'll go to the Lord in prayer. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Somebody say, "I'm glad to be here." Amen. Somebody say, "I'm glad you're here." Amen. God bless you. Give the Lord another good hand clap of praise this morning. Say it, buddy. Run to the camp. Tell everybody get ready. Get ready. Run into the camp. Tell everybody get ready. Oh yes. Get ready. Are you ready? [Music] Are you ready to take a stand? Oh yes. Are you ready to take your land for the Lord? My God is with thee. Oh, be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Be bold. Be strong. Be strong. Oh, the Lord thy God is with thee. Hallelujah. Do not be afraid. Do not be dis. We're walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. Walking in faith and victory. For the Lord, the Lord, thy God, thy God is with thee. Somebody say, "Amen." Brother John, come this morning if you would. Take us to the Lord in prayer. We just commit all these things unto our Lord. Want to continue to remember brother Alan Butcher as we pray today that God would just comfort his heart. had his wife's service yesterday and and got some phone calls last night about the quality of the service and just how wonderful brother Donnie conducted that service. And I thank God that God's placed great gifts among us and we get to be part of that. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Pray. We kind of like this old guy right here a little bit, don't we? You're Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Let's go to him. Heavenly Father, we love you so much, Lord Jesus. Our hearts, Lord, are so full with your mercy and your grace, Lord. And it's so good to know, Father, that no matter what we go through, Lord, Lord, we're we're beyond the the the understanding that if we had money, we could fix it. If we had more friends, we could fix it, Lord Jesus. You're all that we need, Lord. And we're so thankful, Father, that you've given us that revelation, Lord. Lord, we're not depending on anything but you, Lord. There were so many requests, Lord. I was sitting back there thinking, there's so many desperate needs, Father. But Lord Jesus, we're not wavering in our belief. We're strong in the faith knowing, Father, that all things are possible with you, Lord. And each one of these requests, Father, we bring before your throne, Lord, like we're singing boldly, Lord, able to come before your throne and just lay them at your feet, knowing, Lord Jesus, that you're mindful. And not only are you mindful, Lord, but you care, Father. We love you. We thank you so much for it, Lord Jesus. And we're we're so looking forward to hearing the testimonies and the and the and the reports back of how you worked, Lord, in a miraculous way, Father. Lord Jesus, we haven't forgotten, Lord, that it's a miracle, Lord, for you even saving us, Lord. So, you're not a God that's beyond miracles, Father. We pray that you just move in each and every one, Lord. And and Lord, not only in in in health condition do we depend on you, Lord, but there's many needs here today, Lord, spiritually, Father, there's many that need you, Lord. There's many that need a deeper walk, a better relationship with you, Lord. Myself included, Father, and you're here to answer those calls, Father. We bring them before you, Lord. We we love you and we thank you, Father. May we give you all the praise and the glory and the honor, Lord. May we be participants, Lord. Not ones that just be hearers of the words, but doers, Lord. And we know that you said to praise you and lift you up, Father. We're going to be doers today, Father. We love you. We thank you for it, Lord. We're just so looking forward to your word. We thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother John. God bless you. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering, you give us unto the Lord. Once again, have any visitors with us? We want to say God bless you. Glad you could be here. All you home folks, you're looking good this morning, too. God bless all of you. Let's sing the song this morning. We'll fall down. We'll lay our crown at the feet of Jesus. Amen. Let's sing it if you will. Started. We fall down. We lay our crown at the feet. of [Music] Jesus. The greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. We cry holy. Sing it to him. We cry, holy, holy, holy Christ. Holy, holy is the lamb. Let's sing it to him now, church. Oh, now we fall down. We lay our ground at the feet of [Music] Jesus. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. We cry. Holy, holy, holy, holy cry, holy, holy, holy, yes we cry, holy, holy, thank you, Lord, holy Jesus. I want you to say it again with all your heart. We'll fall down. Oh, now we fall down. We lay our crown at the feet of Jesus. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love. At the feet of Jesus, we cry. Oh, you are holy. We cry holy, holy, brother Justin, brother Jacob. We cry holy, holy, holy, holy. Oh yes. Now we fall down. We'll lay our crown at the feet of Jesus. Jesus the grace of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus we cry. Holy, holy, holy Christ. Holy, holy, holy cry. Holy, holy, holy is the lamb. [Applause] Oh, he is a lamb. [Music] Give the Lord a good hand clap this morning. You can be seated. Got a couple of real good songs for you today. By special request, Brother Justin's going to and sing his song. And Brother Caleb, I think's got something he's going to say about his song this morning. And just before we sing, we want to be sure to to dedicate this brother Alan Butcher and not only him, but all of our shutins. You know, they have a special place in my heart. My par my grandparents, they're unable to come. And I think about them a lot. They're pillars not only of this church, but of the bride of Christ. Although they're weak and and frail and not able to get to church, they they still are mighty prayer warriors for this message. And I I'm thankful for them. And we know the best is yet to [Music] come. Sometimes I fall. to my knees and pray. Come Jesus, [Music] come. Let today be the day. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break. [Music] But I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. Come Jesus, [Laughter] come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and ride every road. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. [Music] And deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus, come. Come Jesus, come. There'll be no war and there'll be no change. When Jesus comes, let the day be the day. You'll come for the [Applause] weak, the strong just the [Music] same. and all that [Music] believe in the power of his name. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and ride every [Music] road. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus, [Laughter] come. Come Jesus, [Music] come. One day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. Come and lay it all down. Cuz it might be [Music] today. The time is right now. There's no need to wait. For your past will be watched. A rivers of [Music] grace come Jesus come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and ride every road. Oh, we need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus, come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Feels so good when you can feel him close to you. Friends, I don't know what you have on your in your minds, in your hearts, but his hands are open to take whatever it is that burdens you today. I asked the brothers to put the course on the on the screen. So, if y'all would sing it with me, we'll sing that same song we saw Wednesday night. The dawn is breaking and I can hear your whisper on the breeze. The world is waking and I am here to meet you on my knees. When I'm with you, my soul finds rest cuz I can leave it in your hands. The day keeps coming and it's pulling me a million different ways. I'm always running but never seem to catch the things I chase. When I'm with you, my soul finds rest cuz I can leave it in your hands. Every sorrow, I'll leave it in your hands. Every sickness, I'll leave it in your hands. And all my failures, I leave them in your hands. Amen. I can leave it in your [Music] hands. So I am laying the weight of all these burdens at your feet. There's no more waiting cuz you've already won my victory. peace and in Jesus my soul finds rest cuz I can leave it in your hands. Every promise I'll leave it in your hands. Every healing I'll leave it in your hands. and my future. I leave it in your hands. Amen. I can leave it in your [Music] hands. Your hands have power for [Music] mountains. Your hands set boundaries for the seas. [Music] And in your hands you hold tomorrow. The same hands that took the nails for me. Every sorrow I leave it in your hands. Every sickness I leave it in your hands. And all my failures, I leave them in your hands. Amen. I can leave it in your hands. And every promise I leave it in your hands. And every healing I leave it in your hands. And all my f you, Lord. I can leave it in your hands. Amen. I can leave it in your hands, Lord. I can leave it in your hands. [Applause] Stand together. Only the Lord knows today what every one of you have on your heart. Amen. what needs you have, what petitions, what questions, what misunderstandings that you have. It would probably overwhelm us as mortals if we would try to share it with each other and try to help people find the answers for the questions of life. But I'm so glad today that when we are overwhelmed by what life can produce, that we can trust him. Aren't you? Amen. I don't always understand. And to be honest with you, I don't ask to understand. What I ask for is the ability to trust what I don't understand. And what he wants me to understand, I believe that he'll give it to me. And if he doesn't, then I know there's a reason for it. And I believe if we approach it that way, then God will always help us. Amen. Let's uh read today if you would from second Peter chapter 1 verse 2. We certainly count it a privilege to be gathered together again here today in the house of the Lord. And um we're going to read the scripture here and then we'll pray. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge. Wow. Well, Peter sure mentioned this word knowledge, didn't he? He must have felt like that the knowledge of God was a very important thing to our walk with God. through the knowledge of him that has called us unto glory and virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust, and beside this, giving all diligence add to your faith's virtue. And as we've been looking at the meaning of this word, it's ministered nourishment to supply, furnish, ministered unto or assisted. So assist each of these virtues in your life. You can't produce them, but you can assist them to where they will grow. Add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. How many like to be remembered today as we pray? Certainly like for you to remember brother Allan Butcher and his family. Carol and I was down yesterday in Murphreey'sboro for the funeral service there and u certainly good to see our brother and his different family members. Also got to see couple of brother Dan and Sister Judy Dyer's daughters and it u brought back memories. I don't mind telling you. I said during the funeral home and Brother Dan's daughter was telling me that Brother Dan had been seeing Sister Judy. She said, "Daddy, what color is her hair?" Brother Dan, he's he's in his mind a little bit, you know, not quite like he was. And of course, the last time he saw her, her hair was silver gray, but he said jet black. She said, "There's no worries." I said, "No, ma'am." I started crying. She said, "Patt me on the shoulder. You okay?" I said, "Yeah." I said, "But every sheep that I lose, it goes across on the other side. It seems to take out a part of my heart. And I'm getting more and more over there than what we have left here. But I'm just so grateful that God's made a way for us to get there, aren't you? So, I know brother Allan would appreciate our prayers that God would just be with them and the family and all of those of you that have a need and a request today. We also want to pray over prayer cloth for Sister Evelyn Wiggins today. She's uh since she had CO, she's had pneumonia several times and several rounds of antibiotics and they can't seem to knock that devil. But we want to remember our sister today that God would just be be mindful of her. Let's pray together if you would. Our gracious father, we love you so much today. I'm so happy Lord to know that death is not the end of it all. how miserable and how sad this life would be if we just lived 50, 60, 70 years old. Sister Carol, lived to be 90. But yet, how short of a span of time that that would be if we just lived to be 90 years old and then at the end of it, we die like an animal. Our body goes back to the dust. Our spirit breaks up when we die. And that's all that there is left. We're so grateful that when you were here, you said, "Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me, for in my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go away to prepare a place for you. And if I go away, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you may be also. Lord Jesus, we're gathered here today, not that we could see one another, though that's good. We're gathered here, Father, not just to visit with one another, and that's nice, too. Well, we've come that we might receive something from you, our shepherd. something that would help us, Lord, in our journey that we could be ready whether death would come to us by a disease or an automobile accident or a heart attack or whatever more. We want to be ready to face man's greatest fear, death. we can be able to look it in the face and say, "You are not my master, but I am yours." And all it can do is take us across on the other side. Father, we pray for brother Allan and his family that you'd help them, Lord, and strengthen them during this time, Father. Dear God, we pray for our sister Evelyn Wig Wiggins with this prayer cloth. Lord, you see that after this CO struck her body and this after COVID thing has been there for persistent, but Lord, we believe faith is stronger than pneumonia and COVID. So, would you move forward? Lord, the hands of the people raised today is signifying needs and we're asking that you'd help them. No doubt I'm the most needy one that there is here today. For it's come my lot again to stand before your people, to try to speak words to them that'll help them, encourage them, give them guidance. Help me, Jesus. Shut my mouths to anything that would displease you. May I be anointed with your presence, Father, to bring something that will help them today. We pray in Jesus name. And the saints said, "Amen." Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I've stood in different churches, synagogues, temples, been in Hindu temples, churches that were built in the second, third, and fourth century. in Jerusalem, Europe, different parts of the world that people have built and dedicated a building to their God. Whether it was idol worshippers or Christians, I've stood in different places that were hallowed. Few years ago, Carolyn and I were able to go to the Vatican and stand there and look at the different things that were built. breathtaking as far as architecture. See the paintings in the cyine chapel did by Michelangelo himself laying on his back and a scaffold and laying there for months and painting the great hand of God. There the image of Adam go from one place to another, temples, places of worship. I've stood in little small buildings. The church I started down in Kentucky in 1982, it was an old post office which my aunt used to be the postmaster there. And it was about the size of oh half of this section right here maybe. Oh, it was pretty rustic and pretty rough. But yet we gathered there. I was a Pentecostal preacher and started this Pentecostal church. Little did I know that in less than a year, the Lord would have moved me into a not just a new place, but into a new sphere of his word and a new place of understanding. I sat several years ago on the platform which was a piece of plywood which was raised up in a city in Africa and there was somehow a mischuling that we were supposed to have a school place but they had crossed their wires somehow and uh they had another church group there which had about 30 people maybe something like that so they would not forfeit this massive room which they didn't need for 800 to a,000 people believing the word. So we gathered on the outside and they made a makeshift platform, set a few blocks up where I would be above the people a little bit the people could see me. And under this great tree there in Kenya, we had church. All the different places where I've been around the world in tents as I was in Nairobi, Kenya several years ago and uh 5,000 people the estimated gathering there in those meetings. And what I've took notice is that no matter where God's people are gathered together, he shows up. It don't have to be nice carpet on the floor and really nice chairs for you to sit in and a beautiful building, a nice structure, really nice music, a nice sound system where everybody can be able to hear heating or air conditioning, whichever we need. But he said, "Wherether there are two or three gathered together in my name, there will I be in their midst." And I always marvel at that seeing that no matter where we are, as I stood several years ago in India and several thousand people gathered there in in the building where we were, I had an interpreter to my left, one to my right, and about 15 to 20 out in the congregation, four to 5,000 people there. And I would say something, if you can imagine me preaching with two interpreters. So I would say something, the guy on the left would say it in his language, the guy on the right would say it in his language, and then I would try to remember where I stopped the last time and he would pick it up and all those other people that were out there in their own language. But you know what? I I found there was Jesus. Amen. And then gather in little bitty old places in a little small place called Elderat and gathered there was just a little small group of people gathered here and there around the world. And what I noticed is that no matter if the building is beautiful or pitiful, if it's awesome or humble, that if we are gathered for the right reason and the right purpose, that he shows up to meet the needs of his people. And when I think then that God does not just want it to be great altars overlaid in gold and royal diadems and silver and amethyst and pearls and so on and so on, which the way that a lot of people think that God wants it. But if it can be so humble and so small and yet the presence of God will always show up, then it helps me to be able to relate why that God would want to live in my body and why God would want to live in your body. Now, I've still got a picture of that little post office building where the Lord put it on my heart to start that church down there in Kentucky years and years ago. And then in the spring of 82, 83 rather, we we finished up the church that is there now where brother Luther Dishman is the pastor. And it was so much nicer and you know, really nice air and heating and so on. And yet whenever we moved there, the presence of God was no greater there than it was in that little post office. And as I mentioned it a few weeks ago, March the 27th in 1983 when the Lord introduced to us and had me to stand there and speak about it that God had sent a prophet in the last days with a message. That was March 27, 1983. Then in May of 1983, I I went to to the bank, borrowed some money, went to Jeffersonville, bought books, tapes, pictures, all the things that pertain to the message that I could afford to buy at that time. And within that length of time, from March to May, I didn't go out to preach nowhere else. My Pentecostal friends didn't want me back. I didn't know any message people. So I just stayed at home and buried myself in the word of the hour. So from March to May, Brother Charlie Cox, the first time he come to visit our church, I preached on the coming of the son of man. And we saw that we were probably the last ones that were to come into this message. Now, I'm glad I was born under that urgency because I wonder today if I would have been able to look forward and see myself in Johnson City, Tennessee, and I would have seen myself preaching before this this size of a congregation, which I would have probably thought it was a nightmare. But if I would have seen that and I would have seen somehow the year and the date, I wonder would I have got into it with the urgency that I did when we did back there, Harry, all those years ago. But God knows exactly how to burst each one of us in under the amount of urgency. And when we look at these virtues here, I want to point out to you today by the help of the Lord that every one of us may have a different boundary or perimeter of these virtues. And probably one of the worst things that we can do after believing that they're real and they're for us is to measure our own degree by somebody else. Well, I want the face of this brother or I want the virtue of that one. Now, this is the reason I lay this out about the synagogues and the temples and the churches and so on and so on is to show you that God does not measure us by each other. Now, whenever we gather together, of course, in that day, it'll be a phenomenal day, a great day of worship. But yet when John was carried away into the eighth day and John said, "I saw no temple, I saw no temple." Which was amazing to John because John felt like that heaven would be a place of worship, but it would not be confined to one particular place. Now in the millennium of course Ezekiel 44 through48 shows to us the millennium temple which will be the seventh dispensation of time and it'll be the the sacrificial time in memory only. But when we come to the eighth day there will be no temple there will be no blood. There will be no sacrifices. It will be a perfect time of worship. Now remember, when our souls enter into the eighth day already here in time by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, that's why we don't have to wait to be in church for God to hear our prayers. As a matter of fact, I do a whole lot more praying out of church than I do in church. Don't you? I pray every day of my life, multiple times during the day. Don't you? So I pray more out of church than I do in church. So whenever we come to church actually it's not for prayer and emphasis on prayer alone. Now to the Old Testament people much of what it was was that. But in the to us of what God has done we don't spend all of our time in prayer. Now if we're going to have a prayer meeting of course we would. But church service is more than about prayer. It's about singing. It's about worship. It's about prayer requests. It's about responding to the word. Right? You understand what he's doing? He's getting us ready for that great heavenly time when we're not going to spend hours and hours and hours in prayer. Think of it. You will not be praying in heaven any longer. You will not spend countless of hours alone with God in your mansion in your prayer closet praying. There will be no need for prayer. There will be I'm going to shock you. No need for the blood to stand between you and father god. You understand that part of these things that are our deepest treasures in time are only for time in heaven. We will not need faith. We will not need healing. We will not need miracles. Come on, somebody. We will not need many of the things that we need now because our father has given them to us for this great need that we're in right now. But when we get there, faith will actually become sight. You'll no longer need faith. Oh God, I'm trusting you. I'm trusting you. There won't be no need for trust once you get there. There will be no need for prayer lines. There'll be no need for preachers. There'll be no need for Sunday school. There'll be no need for many of the things that we have now. But God gives them to us now for our benefit and for our help to bring us along until the more perfect day comes. So Isaiah said that before they even call, I will answer. So before you could even ask for it, it'll already be yours. But now until that time arrives, our father has given us so many things that he knew were expedient and necessary for us. So when we look then at the virtues that Peter sold by the spirit of God described to us and then when the prophet picked it up in the stature of a perfect man and we've read it several times and I'll highlight it again for you today if you don't mind. When we put the blood of Jesus Christ in, that brings the faith of Jesus Christ, the virtue of Jesus Christ, the knowledge of Jesus Christ, the temperance of Jesus Christ, the patience of Jesus Christ. Now think that these virtues that God is working on now in our temples. So think of it this way that of of the great places around the world by which saints of God have gathered. They've gathered all over India. They've already done that because they're ahead of us in the time zone. They've already gathered. There's little churches here and there and there Zimbabwe and in Kenya. And many of them, oh my, they would be so humble. Yet the presence of God met them. And the anointed servants of God, they gathered there and they preached and brought to the saints of that area what they needed to hear. And what they needed to hear might be somewhat different than what we need here today in Johnson City. Is that right? Brother Tim Puit no doubt is is there with his saints and they've gathered together an hour behind us in their time and he he's already getting ready and prepared to to bring what God has placed on his heart. All the brothers around the world and yet their needs might be different and so will it be in their measure by which God will bring them in their walk with God. Now, will I need more faith than many of you will in my walk with God? I will. Will I need more virtue? No doubt I will. But if the Lord carries and lets me live long enough and I will get old enough to where I can no longer preach, no longer have prayer lines, and no longer have those sort of things. No doubt the measure of the things that I'm required now. I will no longer need that same measure because God brought me to my heights. And then the need of those things will taper off because I will no longer need them in my walk with God. You understand? So each of you will have that place by which God sets the standard for your life. And you may think, Lord, what what will when will I ever get there? When will I ever achieve that place and accomplish that place? Well, I believe that God knows how to progress each of us. So, is it necessary that all the brothers around the world this morning in the message are preaching all the virtues? No, it isn't. But apparently, it's necessary for us at Word of Life Church. Now, maybe others around the world have gone through a lot of sickness in the church and and God's anointing their brothers there to preach on faith and on healing and on miracles because that's where they are. And then in other churches around the world, they're going through different types of things. Maybe it's an external persecution or it's something that's happening maybe in the community and they're going through a lot of persecution. So God will anoint the servants of God to bring what is absolutely necessary for that body. I'm glad he's so mindful of us. And we know then that he alone has the capability of being able to move a body around the world. It would blow our minds if I can say it that way today to think of Almighty God being able to bring every congregation around the world and there are thousands of them facing all different types of obstacles and things in life and the Lord God able to bring all of them together at the peak time before the rapture and bringing every one of them that are alive and remaining to the spot where they need to be. You know what? it would overwhelm us to think about doing it and all we can do is commit all of that outworking to the presence of God. Aren't you glad? But whenever I look at it, this is what I want to be here this morning for you and I as the people of God that the Lord will help us arrive at our position of where we need to be for us. Now, are we going to be a little bit different? Maybe brother Ron Spencer up the road a few hours, brother Tim Puit up the road or down the road rather, brothers over this way, brother Wilson down the road and different churches that are around. We want to be what God wants us to be to meet in that stature of what God places us to be. Do I want to be like brother Tim? My goodness, no. I mean, that guy's a preacher. I'll never be able to preach like that. I tease him sometimes. to say, "When I grow up, I hope I'm a good preacher like you, but in reality, I don't want to be like him because I want to be what God made me." Can you all say amen? So, it should be the goal of every child of God here today. If I was a preacher that God only ordained me to preach a dozen times a year, I'd rather be in the will of God and preach those dozen times a year than to be out there trying to get in this church. and trying to get in that church and trying to open doors for myself so people would be able to know what a great preacher I am. I'd rather preach 12 times a year and be in the will of God than preach 512 times a year and have a reputation that I'm trying to push and promote myself. And the church said, "So it ought to be with you the same way." Maybe some of you led to here today, you can never say one time you've ever laid your hands on anybody with cancer and watched God perform a miracle. Maybe you can never say you've ever laid your hands on somebody with cross eyes and watch God straighten them out. Maybe you can never say that you've laid your hands on somebody in the middle of a heart attack and watch God stop it. Well, that don't mean you're not a Christian. That don't mean that your faith is not exactly at the level that the Lord God wants it to be for you. And you may look at somebody like brother Daryl or other brothers that have such a great faith and a great walk with God and you say, "I'm nothing compared to them. You're not even supposed to compare yourself to him." Now, it's the same when it comes to our faith, our virtue, our knowledge, our temperance, our patience, our godliness, our brotherly kindness. Now I want you to notice that when the prophet goes on with this he says in page 28 now when they begin to say well we don't have to accept that today you do have to it must be the scriptures cannot lie there are no private interpretation the Bible said you just believe it the way it's written there and you've got to have these things and the only way you'll ever be able to have them is to have heavenborn knowledge. So then heaven-born knowledge is not going to school. You'll never get it by going to ETSU. You'll never get it by going to Harvard. You'll never get it going by by Bob Jones. You'll never get heavenborn knowledge by going to some school. But it exactly as the prophet described it, heaven. Heaven. I realize there's an element of people in our ranks and they almost despise knowledge. We should not despise godly knowledge. Now the thing is that we never wanted to be just human knowledge disguised as the twin of heavenly born knowledge. Now what's God wants to give to us this measure of knowledge? Will yours be equivalent to that maybe of a minister? Maybe not. Will mine ever be equivalent to that of the prophet? Never will. And I don't want it to be. But I do want it to be up to what God wants me to be because I'm going to face him as an individual. I've shared it with you before that when I go on hunting trips with some of the brothers here at the church and and brother Daryl and I and brother Daniel Ball was at a place a few years ago in Illinois and brother Daryl come up to check on me in the room where I was staying. So he come in and there I'm sitting. I've got a laptop in my lap. I've got an iPad sitting here and I've got another iPad sitting down here and I'm on vacation. Y'all see me when I ain't now. I'm on vacation and I've got the laptop. No, you know what I was doing? I studying three different things at one time and then you all understand why I'm confused sometimes. So, I was looking at three different things and brother Daryl just come in and kind of laughed and chuckled. You know, Brother Daryl's sense of humor and said, "Brother Donnie, if I studied as much as you do, it would drive me crazy." But if I didn't study as much as I do, it would drive me crazy. So you understand, Brother Daryl does not feel intimidated because he don't study as much as I. Nor do I think, well, I'm a nut, then I'm crazy. What in the world is the matter with me that I have to study so much. But I've got to do what God puts upon my heart in order to get me out of the way. I learned it years and years ago. I want to fill my spirit with the word. fill my spirit with a message so when I get up then the spirit of God's all got all this ammo to use. Amen. Now, so each one of us, one of the worst things that we can do then is compare ourselves to each other. Now look at this heavenborn knowledge. Again, he says, "Now there be another thing on this knowledge that we might speak of, godly knowledge. Has the Bible in the last day lost its meaning?" Now what we of course know that that's what many people are preaching today. Has the Bible lost its meaning? See a lot of people tell you that that the Bible doesn't exactly mean that. If God watches over me, I love this analogy and corrects me in my sin. And if I'm a son of God, he does that. He does you that way. Sons and daughters of God, when you do anything wrong, he corrects you. Then if God is so particular about you that he watches over you and corrects you, how much more has he his word? How many knows he does that to you? Now if God watches over you and will not let you get by with something then that can give us confidence that God has watched over his ruler, his ruler, his image spoken word that we would be able to follow his word and would be able to say absolutely I can put my confidence and my trust in that word. God would not give this word to me if it was not something that we could believe in. And the church said, so the continuation of that is still ongoing today that God corrects us when we are wrong. Now he said, I believe in genuine Holy Ghost knowledge. He repeats himself. Holy Ghost knowledge will always punctuate the word with amen. So Holy Ghost knowledge will always punctuate the word with an amen. But what's amazing is, you know, out traveling about and going here and there and preaching that you can stand up and quote the scripture and you can also quote the message and there will be people that will sit there and look at you and they will not say amen. Not because, you know, they're trying to be reverent or don't want to miss it, but simply because they don't believe what you just told them. Now, you say, are we in that late of an hour that people will not punctuate the word? And God don't want us just to punctuate it, of course, with a verbal amen, but he wants there to be a lived amen out of our lives. Now, watch. The Holy Ghostborn knowledge will always punctuate the word with an amen. So, it will never come back and say, "Well, that don't apply in our day." That was for another day. That was in the 60s when the prophet was here. And that was in maybe maybe up to the early part of the 70s, but it's no longer needed in this day. That's not Holy Ghostbornne knowledge. Now notice when you get these things that seem to contradict themselves in the Bible, you sit down and study it and prayerfully like that and the first thing you know the Holy Spirit begins to move in and after a while you see it ties together. There you got it. That's knowledge. And the church said, Amen. How many wants that kind of knowledge? I don't want the kind of knowledge that it will say, "Well, now I I I I don't believe that's true. I don't believe that that's applicable to our day. I I I believe that was for another day." I don't want that kind of knowledge. I want the kind of knowledge that'll say, "If God said it, that settles it." If God said it, that settles it. Knowledge not worldly. It reasons. any kind of worldly knowledge reasons. You see, but faith has no reason. God reveals to you a certain certain thing going to happen. Every scientist in the world could say it's contrary. It could not happen. You believe it anyhow. All right. Now, knowledge, not worldly knowledge. It's it's amazing that he keeps emphasizing this. Now, remember, he's not preaching this to the denomination. He's not preaching it to the world churches, but he's preaching it to his own tabernacle. Wonder why? Wonder why. You ever wonder why that there in 1965 when he said that there was two spirits and he said one of them is worshiping by science, education, and knowledge. And the other one is worshiping by revelation of the word of God. 1965, last year of his life. And he says both of them are in this tabernacle this morning. So they had already started reathering to the new fountain of God's truth. So both spirits was now gathering and there were men sitting right there in that tabernacle that that morning that years later would become the man-made leaders that would start trying to guide the message people. this way and that way and that way. Come on, somebody. Oh yeah. The spirit of God knew what he was talking about. Now watch. He said, "But it's heavenly knowledge and heavenly knowledge." When God is the fountain of all knowledge, God is his word. Then if you've got heavenly knowledge, you believe the word and you reason anything by the word. Now that's the kind of knowledge that we want to add on top of our foundation of faith and virtue. Now godly knowledge not only gives us response say when we are questioned about why do we believe this and this and this which is where a lot of us always go well I'm I want to know more. I want to know more so I can be able to answer because the Bible tells me to answer. That's really good. But that's not just what we're always talking about. But you see, there is a knowledge that appertains to the will of God for your life, which is probably where most of us struggle the most. It's not about there's a heaven, there's a hell, there's election, there's predestination, there's fornowledge. You know, we believe in this and this and oh yes, I I know all that. I know all that. But that's not what I'm talking about this morning. You see, when you ask God for something and you don't get it and God says no and your life doesn't turn out in the way you thought it would, you see there is where we need an element of the knowledge of God for our life about the will of God for our life. Now listen, knowledge and understanding isn't the same thing. So when God drops a little portion of his knowledge for your life, it doesn't mean you understand it, but it means you know he's in control. So when you ask for God to do this or do that and God says absolutely not, no, I will not do it. Notice in Isaiah chapter 55 about God's way versus our ways. Isaiah 55:84, "My thoughts are not your thoughts." Ain't you glad, man? If God's thoughts was no more than mine, we'd be serving a puny God. For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the Lord. So then how can we understand everything that God does pertaining to our life? Whenever his ways are so much higher, his thoughts so much greater. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts higher are my thoughts than your thoughts. So his ways are so far beyond our ways. his thoughts greater than our thoughts. So, here we are in time and we're trying to understand when things happen around us and about our life and our loved ones or our church or whatever it is and we're trying to comprehend it and we just we we can't put it together. We look at it from where? Our thoughts, our ways, our understanding, our capability, our perception of what we think the will of God is. And God's looking way beyond that and said, "No, but you're missing this and that and the other." And what does God give us sometimes by his mercy? A little bit of knowledge. You see, I myself have had a little bit of that recently. Notice in Jeremiah 29:11, "For I know the thoughts that I think towards you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end." Do we believe that? Even when things go different than what we think, Is this scripture still true? But now you see what we will need whenever things will go contrary to what Jeremiah 29:11 what we think it means. What do we need to help us? Well, actually we need faith. But faith ain't enough. And virtue that would be very helpful. But we need a little bit of divine knowledge of God. Yes. Divine knowledge to help us to understand this scripture is still true even when he says no. Let's read if you would in Colossians chapter 1 verse 9. Now, I'm going to go here in a few moments with Paul and his thorn in the flesh. And how Paul needed not just faith, not miracles, but he needed knowledge. Knowledge. And this is what God shared with him about his situation. Colossians 1:9 For this cause we also since the day we heard of it do not cease to pray for you and to desire that you may be filled with the knowledge of his will. Okay. So not just be filled with the knowledge of his word. not be filled with the knowledge of Greek words and Aramaic words and Hebrew words and Webster and all of that, but the knowledge of his will. Now, we know that our our messenger that we want to look at, Paul, the great apostle, he had many many great visitations from God. Angels of the Lord would talk to him and appear to him. And then he said, "I knew a man about 14 years ago, whether in the flesh or out of the flesh, I cannot tell. But such and one was carried up into the third heavens." And he saw and heard things which was not lawful for a man to utter. It must have been beyond anything he had ever experienced in his life. Now, let me shock all you. That experience would absolutely ruin his earthly ministry if God and his infinite wisdom did not give him a thorn. I was down by on my knees at the end of the house the other day pulling out some weeds and I reached down laying there on the ground. There was a weed. Now there was a barberry bush there and I knew better than to get my hand into that thing. But the wind had blowed a little piece of that dead barberry bush that I did not see and it was entangled in that live weed. So, no. So, when I reached down to grab a hold to that weed to pull it up out of the landscaping there in the end of our house, I got the barberry bush at the same time. Now, I'm still carrying that little thorn right there in my son. I told Carol driving down to to the funeral of Sister Carol and I said in a very very small small way I know what Paul was dealing with was a thorn in the flesh. Now it's amazing because those thorns I don't know if you're familiar with them or not. Your landscape brothers do of course. They are so tiny and they're so small. They're smaller than a than a blackberry thorn. They're so much smaller than a a thorn on a rose. They are so tiny and they are so sharp and they can go inside of you and break off just like that. And oh my, you talking about a pain. I'm going to have to tackle this thing when I go back home this evening because as I'm rubbing my other thumb over the top of this thumb, I'm feeling that thorn. You see, I'm feeling it. So, I took a blade and I tried to scrape over it. And uh eventually I'm just going to have to face the music and get a really sharp needle and dig down in there. But what happens is I will have to make the hole three to four times bigger than the hole actually was when the thorn went in. So there's something about a thorn that God allows to attach to our flesh. It can go in so easy and be so hard to get out. And it can be so painful when you're there and you'll forget about it. As a matter of fact, I'd forgotten about it yesterday. I was under the pressure preaching a funeral and I always get tore up when I'm under that. So I I'd basically forgotten about it until this morning whenever I got up and I was going to wash my face and all that sort of thing and picked up a washcloth and what I did. Ah, you got it. I rad it across that thumb and it reminded me of its presence. Yes, sir. Now, can you imagine God allowing a thorn in Paul's flesh because God knew this heavenly visitation would ruin his earthly ministry without a thorn. Yeah. You see, God alone knows how to share the supernatural realm with his children. He knows how much to give us. He knows how much to let us step from the natural into the supernatural and merge into that supernatural. And it's no problem while we're there. It's just when we come out and how will we view ourselves when we come out and what will that do to us? It's evident it's destroyed many people. Many people would have been better off had they never had a very deep indulgence into the supernatural realm because it's destroyed them. But if we seek the face of God according to his wisdom. Now remember the prophet tells us in harvest time that Satan can hand out these supernatural gifts by the handfuls. And angels, Satan's demons can appear as angels of light because Satan himself can dress the same way. Satan is the king of costumes. Yeah. Now watch. Paul said, "Lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations." Wow. That was given to me a thorn in the flesh. I don't know if you remembered or not, but I preached a sermon to you years and years ago. Thorns and Revelations. Well, that don't seem to go together, does it? But it does if you're a son. If you're a son. Now, why would God ever allow a man to go into such a sphere, such a realm, knowing it would cost him the rest of his life, he would never be the same Paul seeing what he saw. I can't imagine, the prophet said, if he went to the first heaven and Paul was carried up to the third, he couldn't even imagine what he saw. Can you imagine a man going into that realm and being there in the presence of God? Yet when he come out of that realm, God said, "Paul, I hate to do this to you, but even though you're a man filled with the Holy Ghost, you are still living in a human temple that can be contaminated with pride and arrogance." cuz not another man in the entire New Testament ever saw what Paul saw. Now I want you to listen what he says. There was given unto me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure. You mean all of this was brought? Now remember, Paul hadn't done anything. It wasn't that he had told, you know, told a lie. It wasn't that he was stealing people's money. It wasn't that he was after somebody's wife. None of that. This happened because of what God gave him. God showed him this great abundance of things and he will pay for the rest of his life. Oh my. So God gave him the messenger of Satan or allowed the messenger of Satan to come and buffet me. Buffet. So it would it would hit him and knock him down and then he'd struggle and have to get up over the top of it and then he'd have victory over it for a while and then it would buff it. You know what the word buffet means? Don't it's to hit, to smack, to hit. So this demon demon a messenger from Satan. My for this thing I besought the Lord thrice three times that it might depart from me. draw away, to remove, to go away, to depart from anyone, to desert, withdraw from one. And he said unto me, "My grace is sufficient." So Paul asked for deliverance and got grace. Yes sir. Now remember the prophet tells us it was his eyes after seeing the pillar fired. Then his eyes were never quite the same again. So he would have to write sometimes using great big old letters. So if you would have got him and said, "My goodness, look at the size of them letters." You know, they probably look about like that screen right there. And it's because Paul couldn't see. So he's trying to write them and he have to race it out and try to and he said you see by my own hand have I written this large letter. So he was talking about it was a big book but it was a big old gigantic letter. So his eyes would become real runny and pus coming out of his eyes and him trying to sit there and write. Now you imagine the man who wrote the most of the whole New Testament and fighting with his eyes. Wouldn't it seem to you and I that it would have been better that God would have afflicted some other part? God knows how to let these things happen to us. Now, I want you to notice now Paul is praying three times. God, let this thing leave me in the name of Jesus. Go away from me, you evil thing. You're out of the pits of hell. So God says, "I'm not going to deliver you. I'm going to give you grace." Now, what is God sharing with Paul? Divine knowledge about the will of God for his life. He hasn't given him virtue. He hasn't given him more godliness. He hasn't given him brotherly kindness. I mean, this this has nothing to do with brotherly kindness. It has to do with him. Him. God, I could serve you so much better. I could write better. The brothers could read it better. If you just heal my God, please deliver me of this thing. Now, let me ask you, would it hindered your faith this morning if Paul would have walked out here to preach and one of our deacon brothers or me? I would I would have to go over to the door and take him by the hand and now be careful here, brother Paul. Be careful that brother. Watch that. Watch that chair. And I'd lead him over here and he'd come up here and say, "Brother Donnie, kind of help me here. How's this pullpit made?" Well, it's sort of a half a circle. Brother Paul, you just get right there in the middle of it and you'll be good either way. You got two feet or so on the other side, both sides of you. You can walk out. It's about 18 inches wide, something like that, maybe a little less, and you'll be really good. And there's a rail out in front of you. It's okay, brother Dian. I'm really having a hard time seeing the people this morning. And some of you alls was sick and you heard that God used this man to lay hands on the sick and they recovered. Would you have enough faith to be able to say, "Brother Paul, would you pray for me or would you look at him and say, "How in the world can a man who's supposed to have so much faith can't even see and you come up here for prayer and I have to take brother Paul's hands and no, here, brother Paul, it's it No, it's not that person, brother Paul. Oh, I I I I I can't see him real good, brother. Which one is it? It's this brother here. Okay. Would that shake your faith? Would that hinder your faith of a man that could speak to a woman that was possessed of a demon, of a spirit of witchcraft and idolatry, and cast that devil out of her and he himself have to be let out. Sometimes friends, we need divine knowledge of the will of God for our lives. And he said unto me, my grace is sufficient for thee. To me, this is one of the most awesome scriptures in the New Testament after salvation, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. For my strength is made perfect in weakness. Now, I want you to listen to his response. God, I can't believe you're doing this to me. Are you kidding me? I've been shipwrecked for you 14 days in in the deep without what I see on the side. I'm going through all this and another and this is your response. I simply ask you to give just a little bit of your power that I've seen you do all these marvelous things and you say no. I ask for healing and you say no. I'm giving you grace. You see grace don't just apply when you're a sinner. As a matter of fact, you'll need a whole bunch more of it every day of your life to help you go through your trials of life. You understand what gets you through the things of life? Grace. Oh, come on now. Grace. Oh my. Now listen is his response. Most gladly. Therefore, I will I rather glory in my infirmities that the power of Christ may rest upon me. So, he ain't going to belly ache. He ain't going to cry. He ain't going to blame God. He ain't going to go questioning God all the time. And he said, "Fine. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus." Amen. Listen friend, that was not virtue. That was not brotherly kindness. What was it? God gave him a portion of his own knowledge about what he's going through and it helped him to face it. Did he understand it, Lance? Maybe not. He don't say anything about understanding it. But God departed to his son an element of divine knowledge about the will of God. You imagine, brother John, when God shows him this, if I take this away from you, you'll become exalted above Peter, James, John, Bartholomew, Matthew, Thaddius, all these brethren because Paul, I'm telling you, they ain't nobody ain't nobody in the New Testament or ever going to walk where you walked by seventh angels going to come on the earth. And I'll let him see the first heaven, but I've reserved this special visit for you only. Not another mortal will ever see it. But God, I got the Holy Ghost. But God, I'm a son. I'm a church age messenger. But Paul, you're still a human being. And you'll fight pride and arrogance and feeling like you're more gifted than your brothers. Your ministry is greater, more profound. Oh my goodness. Well, welcome to the Thorn Church. Let me be honest with you today. If God if God would answer my prayer and remove the thorns out of my life and he would see down the road somewhere, I would become arrogant and proud. I pray to God he never pulls a one of them. And I'm going to go and say it for you because some of you are too big of a chicken to say it. I pray never takes the thorns out of your life neither. Sometimes thorns is your boss. Sometimes thorns might be your young ones. Sometimes thorns might be this or that or the other. But the Lord God knows exactly which is worse worth the most to you to be thornree or have thorns in your life and it be the divine wisdom and knowledge of God. That's right. Oh my. So Paul asked, "Let this leave me. Depart from my body, Satan, in the name of Jesus. Get out of here." And God said, "No, but instead of deliverance, here's grace." God, I don't want grace. I'm a sign preacher. I'm a miracle preacher. I'm a healing preacher. I want to be an example. How can I be an example of a of a gifted preacher when I can't even see who I'm preaching to sometimes? Well, actually, Paul, you're a greater example. My grace. So the Lord answered his prayer not by removing the thorn but by giving grace to bear it the assurance. I know about it, Paul. I'm with you. But trust me, okay? Trust me. If I pull this thorn, you'll be exalted. But Jesus, I love you. Of course you love me, Paul. That's your soul saying that. But your body cannot be trusted. Amen. I hope somebody's hearing me today. Now, humanly, we tell, well, it be better for the calamity to be gone, for all that to be taken away from him. But our father knows best. And the church said, "Amen." Now, I want you to notice as Paul goes on in this and he he reaches this spot and he says, "The Lord says, "My my grace is sufficient." And Paul in his mind, it it releases something to him. And he says, "Okay, well, I'll glory." Now you understand what he's writing here is an excerpt from a word of knowledge from God about his life. So weakness is strength if Jesus is in it. Weakness is strength if Jesus is in it. Remember Gideon and his 300 and their pitchers and and remember David's sling and Moses rod and on and on and on we go. Now, let me read it read to you again. Paul's experience in heaven could have ruined his ministry on earth. Now, you may think it's foolish, and you may think it sounds very simple, but I honestly don't think that preachers should try to just travel overseas and go here and go there and do this and open doors because they think they should do it. I know of a man in this message that went to a certain country several years ago and after the visit to that country, he changed that man. He has never been the same. Not in a good way. It changed him. It changed him. Oh, you mean God God would do that? You see, our capacity, our walk with God is ordained in a certain spot. Remember brother Brandham having to go to brother Neville and he said the Lord spoke to him early one morning. I don't remember now for 2 or 3:00 something like that in the morning and the Lord said go to brother Neville. Now this is question answers where the prophet is dealing with the gifts. Now, Brother Neville was speaking in tongues or interpreting or prophesying over people. And he said that the Lord told brother Random to go to him and tell him. He said, "Because the people will pull you into a spot and having you say things that is not right." Oh, why? Because people want to hear it that way. And you know what they do? They will pull preachers into a spot. Well, I feel this and and I see that and I I I think this and and and and the Lord says this and the Lord says that. Now, come on. Don't get any quieter on me than you already are. Amen. But you know what it'll do? It'll pull preachers then into the flesh and they'll go to saying things that the Lord don't say. And you remember this. God does not lie. Amen. And if God says something's going to come to pass, it's going to come to pass. And Word of Life Church said, "Amen." Now, you see what happens when men and I I I've seen it so many times myself through the years when men may start out with a good impression, you know, and and then hit then a miss and a hit and then a miss and they with a good desire to be able to help the people of God to build their faith and then it's wrong here and then it's wrong there. Then you get a life here devastated by discernment so-called that wasn't even true. Things that were said that were not even true. Oh, believe me, I'm still dealing with some of the effects that's going on around the message right now of people who have been told certain things. As a matter of fact, one young lady that was told a certain thing and a prayer line about drove a poor thing nuts. Her mother and father had to wind up taking her to an insane asylum because a message preacher told her something that was not right. You mean God does that? Come on, somebody. God don't lie. But you see what it does? It causes men and they pull toward a certain way because why? People want it. They wanted it from the prophet whenever he would do the discernment. Then he said, "Now I'm going to rest myself for a while." And the people would come across the platform and you can notice their expectation. It would stop dropping down and their faith would drop down. Said, "No, wait a minute. Wait a minute. He's still here. He's still here. Hey, look at this woman here. She's got so and so and so." And then he'd do a couple three of them and boy, their faith would go through the roof again. The angel of the Lord had to rebuke him. Now, come on now. Get quiet on me. The angel of the Lord hadn't appeared to him in 6 months. And whenever he did appear to him in 1947, he tells us about it. And he said the angel got on him, in our words, rebuked him because he was spending too much time on miracles. How in the world can you spend too much time on miracles? But apparently you can. I love miracles, but we're not going to take the rapture by miracles. We're going to take the rapture by the word. Come on, somebody. Over and over again, the prophet as with Moses 1960, listen to it yourself. And he said that he had pointed the people toward the sign instead of the city itself. And it's the same thing in the day and hour that we're living in. And if we're not careful, all we're going to produce is a bunch of sign seekers. And if they can't tell me my name or or tell me what dentist I go to, I know what dentist I go to still. Thankfully, in 10 years, check with me. You might have to let me know and help me. But as of this morning, I know my dentist's name, my doctor's name, my savior's name, my church name, my name, my wife's name, and luckily most of you all. I still know your name. But tell me something that'll get me closer to Jesus. Don't try to pull on my flesh, but give me something that'll make me more like [Applause] him. So what did God do? God dropped this element of knowledge. I I I find this to be so amazing to me because this man had wrote things that no other man had written in the New Testament by the time he writes this 2 Corinthians. So it wasn't Godhead. It wasn't water baptism. It wasn't the deity of God. It wasn't about any of those things. But one of the greatest excerpts of knowledge that he ever received was about himself. About himself. And we wouldn't think it was good news, but he's acting like he won the lottery. I mean, he was acting, "Oh my goodness, this is wonderful. This is glorious." And they probably thought, "He's crazy. Poor guy drove him. It's drove him over. Do you understand why God did this? He would have become so proud and so arrogant. This must have been an extreme situation. Watch this in question answers. Satan was the original archangel of God. He once dwelt in the heaven. He was once the greatest person in the heavens outside of God. So your enemy at one time was the next person to God. He was God's right-hand man to fellowship. So if God wanted to fellowship with anybody, he fellowship with Lucifer. Lightbringer. That's what the word means before his fall. So he was God's right-hand man to fellowship, day star, lightbringer, the one who stopped the approach. Isaiah in charge of the music department in heaven. Thy tablets and thy harps were formed in thee the day that thou hast created and thy pipes thouast been in the garden of God. Every precious stone was thy covering. The sardis, the topaz, the carbuncle. You'll notice the stones of his coverings are the foundations of the cities that you're going to. Heavenly colors and stones. Notice he was God's right-hand man to fellowship and he got puffed up in his heart. And isn't that just the way that people get today? To me, this is one of the saddest quotes and question answers. Let God just bless a fella and put a little confidence in him and he gets to be a knowit-all. He's got to start an organization or he's got to do something that's different. And then the prophet quotes this scripture, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer?" Listen, this church, it breaks my heart every time I read this. God has a hard time. Can you imagine God having a hard time with anything? But when it comes to us, Yes, sir. When it comes to preachers, God has a hard time trying to get somebody he can deal with that'll stay humble. Not start off humble, but stay humble and meek and stay in the place until God calls him to do something. Do you believe that? Amen. A man that God can bless and he'll still keep himself a man and not be an angel or a God. Don't you see? Since Satan whispered that to Eve that day, you shall be as God's. That's exactly what he's done. He's done it in our ranks. How many have we seen this rise and fall around us? Why? They can't stay humble. They want to be an angel or a god. So, their ministry has to be above everybody else. Have to have this and that and the other. Nobody has what we have in our church. You better watch that whispering devil. Don't you never allow that evil thing to come in this church. Come on, somebody. Amen. And if we're the only church that's got the move of God, there's something bad wrong somewhere. If I'm the only man that's preaching the truth, there's something bad wrong somewhere. There is a bride of Christ around this world. Don't never let that thing get a hold of us. Oh Lord God, as soon as man gets blessed and he has a little something given to him, he wants to become a god. He wants to become an angel. He wants to become some great person. Now this is the way we notice when they're becoming a great person in their own eyes. what I do. Me and me and mine. That's the wrong attitude. God's hunting for somebody. I never read this quote, Brother Dave, that I don't think about, Brother Johnson, when we was over with the church and y'all been the church for for a few years. Now, I read this at the closing of a sermon and everybody was standing up and from those of you that remember Brother Johnson, he couldn't see, so he had his hands on the back of the pew in front of him. And I read this quote and he said, "God's hunting for somebody that he could bless and pour out his blessings. And the more he's blessed, the littleer the man will become." And I can still see it in my mind today. Every time I read this quote, I see it. So, Brother Johnson is standing here with his hands on the pew and whenever I said Lillard, he hunched down. Hunch down. Hunch down. But you see, it's not in this to operate that way. It's in this to operate this way. Higher, higher, bigger, bigger. greater greater then man starts stepping up on chairs then chairs ain't high enough so he'll step up on the organ and he'll step up on the Lesley then he'll get a 6ft ladder an 8ft ladder a 12ft ladder and he keeps getting higher higher higher till he gets to a spot that he can look down on everybody around God's hunting for somebody who he can bless and pour out the blessings. And the more he bless, the littleer the man will become. This is phenomenal. You'll never get more of God until you become nothing. You've got to belittle. This is the key. You've got to belittle yourself. Keep yourself small in your own eyes. If anybody's going to toot the horn, let it be other people tooting your horn. Yeah. But with some folks, they don't give anybody else an opportunity to toot their horn because they're tooting it so much theirel. So he that tootethth his own horn toot in an abundant measure so that his horn may be toot us. Donnie 32 and3. So we've got a lot of folks that are tooting their horn or blowing their horn how great they are, how great the church is, how great our ministry is. We're greater than everybody else. Do you understand what we're doing? Don't do preach yourself that way. Please don't do it. You've got to belittle yourself. He that will exalt himself, God will obey. He that will humble himself, God will exalt. You've got to get little before you can get big. Listen to this. And you'll never be big in your own self. And you'll only be as big as God will be big in you. Let's stand. Or maybe I should say kneel. Most gladly. Therefore, Hallelujah. Will I rather glory in my infirmities? Count it a privilege to be afflicted if my trials may testify the grace of God. Anybody here beside me say, "Lord, I need help." How many of y'all glory in trials? How many of y'all have your greatest Holy Ghost fit? I mean, just shouting and dancing, glory to God. Hallelujah. When you're going through something, most of us ain't even got a hala, much less a hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Now, notice his infirmities are not his corruptions. His infirmities are not personal sins, besetting sins, but it's things that God is allowing him to go through to keep him humble. Isn't it amazing that God shared with this man this word of knowledge that was so profound? It changed his life for the rest of his life. Oh my. What about you today? Let me just read some of this to you quickly. I'll pick it up again, Lord willing, when I get back from from Switzerland. But who knows? It might be my last sermon I ever get to preach to you again anyway. So, I'm going to give it my all. Therefore, I take pleasure and infirmities. Pleasure. Be well pleased, think good, to do willingly, to be ready, to be favorably inclined towards. Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities. infirmities, weakness, disease, sickness, one of strength to bear trials and troubles, in persecutions, in distresses. Oh my, in reproaches. Reproaches is hurt, harm, holiness, a wrong springing from insolence, injury inflicted by the violence of a temptist. What in the world happened to this man? Knowledge. Does it make sense? Yeah. Does it make sense? Yes. Don't just get in your mind. Oh, guess what quoting scriptures is quoting the message boy? No. Sometimes it's just a little bit of knowledge. I told you that I'd received a little bit of this. I have. It pertains to Erica. I've received some knowledge from the Lord, not understanding, but knowledge that our God makes no mistakes. Yeah. He knew the pain that would be brought. He knew the sadness in our hearts. He knew what we would feel. But his ways are higher than the heavens above the earth than our ways. Yeah. and his thoughts. Do you know what that's done for me? It's released to me a strength to help me to deal with it. Does it dry my tears? No. No. Actually, yesterday when I preached Sister Carolyn's funeral, I started crying again. And I told him, I I don't know who all has met Sister Carolyn yet, but I kind of have an idea. A little lady about that tall, long blonde hair, already couldn't run and screaming to her, her precious sister cuz she loved her so much. Did I rejoice and say, "Glory, hallelujah, to God." No. I choked up and couldn't hardly talk. Tears running down my eyes. Embarrassing, humiliating. A preacher ain't supposed to preach a funeral act like that. I don't care. If it bothers me the rest of my life, let me share you the knowledge that I've shared with it. People's lives have been changed by Erica's life been taken from us. I've heard from people all over the world who've been helped, preachers telling me, "Brother Donnie, you'll never know what it's done to see you stand there behind the pullpit and be strong." That's right. Because I understand it. No. because I've got a word of knowledge that I think she's going to be well. I did. The Lord never told me that. Ain't nothing you can ever say I ever said he did. You can ask my family. The Lord never one time ever told me he's going to hit her. I just believed he would. And I prayed more than three times. Paul three prayed three times and got an answer of grace. We prayed hundreds and hundreds of times for Erica. We also got an answer of grace. He took her from this life and ended her suffering and placed her in that word formed body that I'm waiting every day to see step in my house. Do I understand? No. Cuz the way I look at it, her baby girls need her now more than they've ever needed her. Her husband needs her now more than ever. Her mama, her sister, her sister-in-law, her in-laws, her mother-in-law, her father-in-law, many of you saints. And least and last, her daddy. Karen, I was walking into a store the other day and here come this little bitty old tiny girl. One of the cutest of those things you ever seen. and she had on had this umbrella and it was sitting right on top of her head like this and it was raining and she was packing that little umbrella and her and her mama. Immediately I went back to my little girl at that size. But you know what? Not one time if I got mad at God and said, "God, why? Why?" That would be beneath me to do that. cuz I trust him. Amen. And we'll understand it better. Sister Linda, it'll make more sense after a while. Sister Linda Nunley, it'll make more sense. Many of you standing here today, it'll make more sense after a while. But we lay upon our foundation of virtue, knowledge of God, about the will of God for our lives. I don't mind telling you, I don't like the position God places me in sometimes. I wish I could be the the kind of preacher around the message that everybody liked. Some preachers are that way. Everybody loves them. Nobody says anything against them. I'm the guy that packed guns for them. In reality, they pack guns looking for the opportunity to shoot me. I don't like that feeling. I'm hated, rejected, been talked about like a dog. Say, I blasphemed the Holy Ghost. But you know what? God dropped some knowledge in my heart a few years ago. It's part of who I am. So, you know what I'm going to do? Keep right on going. And I'm going to pray for them who want to kill me. I'm going to pray for them that despitefully use me. Now what about you as a son or daughter of God? What if God's chosen you to maybe suffer more than somebody else? Not have more miracles in your life, but more affliction. What if God's chosen you to be laughed at? Maybe more so than than other people. Will we take that as part of his will? How many needs knowledge today about your life? Let's bow our heads if you would. Praise the Lord, Lord Jesus. No doubt some of them here today and they're wondering in their mind, why do I have to go through this and why do I go through that and why do I have to deal with this? And maybe some whose loved ones have been taken while others have been spared. I've seen you heal people that weren't even really full word believers. And yet, I've seen you take others. And I realize by you sharing part of this knowledge with us that you could never use that person whose faith is weak to prove your greatness to say no to them because it would destroy them. Paul found such favor in your sight that he could hear and see things that was unlawful for a man to utter. Unlawful where? Unlawful on the earth. And yet you would allow the messenger of the devil to buffet him for the rest of his life. But you shared with him something that helped change his life. and he started gloring in infirmities. Now Lord, I'm sure some people believe here today trying to ponder in their mind, okay, so what I'm going through, is that God allowing it to happen or is it a trick of the devil? And truly, each of us need to find that for ourselves. I don't want to pray anything away from what I'm dealing with if you're allowing it to be there. But neither do I want to accept anything from the devil if he tries to mimic it. and say it's you. So it takes your will in our lives again. And when you drop it down there in our hearts and you give us grace, if you give us grace for the trial, then it will be your grace that sees us through. But if you anoint our knowledge by our faith and somehow we just believe this is not you trying us, it's the devil trying to rob us. then that affliction, that disease, that sickness, whatever more can leave right here today in this service. Amen. So, Father, what we want is your will. And I know when we pray it that way with sincerity, we know there's an element of the will of God that is frightening for us as mortals. Amen. Probably not a Christian here today that hasn't been saved very long that has dealt with the frightening will of God at times. Oh, there's times the will of God can be so joyful and so wonderful. But there's also an element of the will of God that can be fearful and frightful and we don't see it and don't understand it. So today, like Paul, we pray for grace. If you and your wisdom have allowed us to go through certain things, Lord, and you're not going to remove it, but you're going to give us grace, then I pray for myself. I pray for these people today. Oh God, give us that grace that we need to bear. Lord, help us that we we're not Christian grumblers and Christian complainers and we're just constantly fussing and just arguing against the will of God and complain over this and that and the other. We need help today, Lord, to that place that Paul did where he could glory in his infirmities. But we see why he could do it. You gave to him a knowledge of the will of God. His eyes still festered up. Who knows what? He used the modern remedies of the day. And no doubt everybody in the brother had a cure for him. They'd bring this oil and this herb and eat this three times a day and shake this and twist that and do this and that and the other. Paul no doubt would be courteous to him. but he'd already received a word from you. My grace is sufficient, oh Jesus. I know this sermon today has not been deep and profound and marvelous and all that sort of thing, but I believe if we can get it, it will change our lives from this day forward. And we will never be the same people as we were prior to today. We worship you, Father. Come, Lord Jesus. No doubt there sons and daughters that's praying today about your will, about this, and about that. Help us, Father. Give us your will, Lord Jesus. If it be thy will, Lord, for me to go across the sea, help me to be willing to say yes, Lord. You know, the older I get, I don't want to go nowhere. I certainly don't want to fly across the ocean. I'd rather just stay here and preach to my church and enjoy my my children, my grandchildren, enjoy my church people. But Father, help me to be willing to do what you want me to do. Help every young man, every young woman when they're picking their vocation in life and trying to find your will. Help them to be willing to say yes. Every man, woman, boy, or girl that's here, those that are streaming the service, help us, Lord Jesus. Can we raise our hands together? How many is that what you want today with all of your heart? Maybe some of your parents, some of your grandparents, no matter your age, but still the will of God for the rest of your life is such an important thing. Sing it for us, Harry. Let's just open our hearts now to the Lord. Lord, I need knowledge of your will today. Should I go here? Should I go there? Should I do this? Should I do that? Help me, Lord, to be willing to say yes. Oh Jesus, use me. Oh Lord, don't refuse me. For surely there's a work that I can do. Hallelujah. And even though it's humble, master, help my will to crumble. Oh, the cost be great at our world. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. I'll stand for thee, Jesus. I'll stand for thee, dear Jesus. Oh, death may come my way. I'll spread the gospel to the fallen [Music] here. And if it be thy will, Lord, to go across the sea. Lord, help me to be willing to say yes. Oh Jesus, use me. And oh, don't refuse me. Surely there's a work that I can do. Oh, and even though it's humble, Lord, help my will to [Music] crumble. Though the cost be great, I work for [Music] you. Oh Jesus, use me. And oh, don't refuse me. For surely there's a work that I can do. Oh, and even though it's humble, Lord, help my will to crumble. Although the cost be great, I'll work for you. I'll stand for you, dear Jesus. [Music] Though death may come my way, I will spread the gospel to the fallen here. And if it be thy will, Lord, go across all the sea. Lord, help me to be willing to say it. Oh Jesus, use me. And oh Lord, don't refuse me. Oh, surely there's a world that I [Music] can and even though it's humble, Lord help my will to crumble. [Music] Oh, though the cost degrade our work for [Music] you. And where he leads me, I will follow. Lord, where you lead me, I will follow. Where you lead me, I will [Laughter] follow. I go with him. With him. [Music] all the way. I can hear my [Music] Savior calling. [Music] I can hear my savior calling. Lord, thank you Lord God. I can hear my savior calling. [Music] Take thy cross and follow. Follow [Music] me. And I want what you want for me, dear Lord. [Music] Whatever, wherever it may [Music] lead. Cuz I know that you know what's best, my love. And I want what you want for me. Hallelujah. Oh, I want what you want for me. [Music] The course may lead through storm weather or the place is near and far. Oh, when the times may bring me sun days on close or distance [Music] shore, but I want what you want for me. Hallelujah. Dear Lord, whatever, wherever it may be. Cuz I know that you know what's best, my Lord. And I want what you want for me. Oh, I want what you want for me. His strength is perfect when our strength is gone. Oh, let's sing this together now. He will carry carry us where we can carry on. Yes, Lord. Praise him. Praise in his power. Further [Music] away he becomes strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is [Music] perfect. Look at it. Oh, think about the words now. I can do. I can do all things. Yes, Lord Jesus. Through Christ. Through Christ who gives me strength. But sometimes I wonder what he can do through me. Lord Jesus. Yes. No great success to show, no glory of my own. Yet in my wings, he is there to let me. I know. I know. His strength is perfect when our strength is gone. Hallelujah. He will carry us when we can carry on. raised in his power. The weak may become so strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. [Music] Hallelujah. Would you do me a favor? Would you just lay your hand over on the person standing by you and we're going to offer a word of prayer. Those of you that are streaming, would you do likewise in your homeless? Lord Jesus, we have a feeling for our brothers and sisters here today. No telling what they're going through, what they're dealing with, Lord Jesus. And we don't want to leave this place today without doing everything that we can to try to minister one to the other. So Lord, we believe that is as believers that we have the presence of God living in us. So now we have our hands one upon the other. We pray for that brother, that sister, that child, that elder that we have our hand on. If they need healing, bring it, Lord. if they need encouragement, strength, maybe they need a little bit of that divine Holy Ghost knowledge from the will of God about their life. Maybe some have great questions in their life and it's stumbling them right now and they don't know what to do. May you reveal to them your will, Lord. And if you say deliverance, we'll say amen. If you say grace, we'll still say amen because you know what's best, Lord. Would you minister to your children now, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ? And the saints said, "Amen." Praise be to God. Oh, can we give the Lord Jesus a great hand clap for praise? We worship you, Lord. We bless your name. Hallelujah. We've got a little brother that's been asking his mother and father about being baptized and going to ask if they'll bring him up now. We'll go up and bapt baptize him. And uh Lord willing, Carol and I'll be leaving Tuesday around noon or so, something like that. Uh flying to Switzerland. The meetings will start there on Friday. uh be Friday evening, two on Saturday, two on Sunday, one on Monday, and then u we'll be coming back Lord running on Tuesday. So, brother Tom Ray will be there ministering, brother Wayne Lawson and myself. So, we certainly desire your prayers. It's kind of a unique situation there because there'd be people there from Europe and Africa and all different places. So, you have an interpreter on the platform, then you have about five or six in a little room kind of off to the side back there with headphones on. So pray for them as well cuz it's live streaming and they're recording it. Uh brother David told me the other day wanted to talk to me that uh for the first time since they've been having these meetings they'll have an Arabic interpreter because the message is reaching u different previous Muslims. [Applause] So between you and I, they come from following a false prophet to following a true one. That's right. So pray for us, would you? Don't ever forget this. I love you all my heart. Yes, sir. Love you. Pray for us. We'll see you, Lord, whenever whenever we get back. Amen. Thank you. [Music] I'm nothing without you. Is that deep? Well, take these hands and build them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. See, I have nothing. I have nothing without [Music] you. And take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. For I have nothing. I have nothing without you. [Music] And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world see that I have nothing without you. [Music] and take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see and I have [Music] nothing without you. Turn right around. There you go. See him right there. You okay? What a great privilege it is. This has been going on for over 2,000 years. People stepping into water, ponds, lakes, baptistries, water, and all different conditions and all different colors to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It always does my heart good whenever I see our children, something dealing with them. I love it when something deals with them. Don't you? the presence of God. Heavenly Father's my little brother. Been talking to his mom and dad. Wanted to be baptized. It's a big step for a little 11year-old boy. I remember, Lord, I wasn't much bigger than this whenever I gave my heart to you. Sad to say, I was baptized in titles. It was many years later before he ever revealed to me the truth of your name. What a privilege my little brother has today to be able to be baptized the same way they were in the book of Acts. Lord, I can baptize him in water, but only you can fill his soul with the Holy Ghost. This is the commandment of your word, the prescription that was given to us. I pray, heavenly father, as I baptize him, may you take him into your great being and envelop him in your presence. Father, fill every fiber of his being with the Holy Ghost. keep him faithful and true. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. My little brother, in obedience to God's word and your profession of faith, I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's just sing this as we go this morning. will take my time here on earth. Let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. [Music] And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. Peace. So all the world see that I am nothing without you. Take my time here on earth and let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I have nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. to all the world. See that I have nothing without you and all my [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
