################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - My Burden Is Light - Bro. Darrell Ward - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   My Burden Is Light - Bro. Darrell Ward
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YWBiEnEXEE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] or die. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now. His face I'll see. Sing it now. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see each time I stop and take the time to look around me. I see the signs of his appearing everywhere. The things he said would come to pass are now before. Oh, that's the truth. Amen. And I feel a strange exc. [Music] Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now, his face I'll see. Heavy, if you believe that tonight, just any day now, our Lord is coming. Give him a good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Hallelujah. Amen. Ain't it good to be in the house of the Lord on Wednesday night? Amen. We had a time here Sunday, didn't we? How many of you enjoyed Brother Michael Ray? Didn't he do a good job? Amen. Just the word of the Lord was so good. Just so glad that God visits us with his presence because if he didn't, I wouldn't want to be here myself. Would you? But I'm so glad that he comes down and moves in a special way. Gives us word when we need it. gives us correction when we need it. Whatever we have need of, he's an ontime God, isn't he? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him in the house of the Lord tonight. What a privilege that it is. Amen. Got several prayer requests that we want to let you know about tonight. Let's sing that chorus one more time if you will. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. I believe we're closer now than we have ever been in our entire life. Don't you? Yeah, certainly we are. We can see the handwriting on the wall. Brother Brennham talked about when he was here, scientists were saying then 3 minutes till midnight. Where are we now? We're right on the verge of God taking his children home. Heaven's a beautiful place. I want to go, don't you? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Well, give him another good hand clap of praise tonight if you love him. Amen. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see. Say that second verse. There's a longing in my heart. Hallelujah. Is appearing. I'll gladly leave behind these trials. Here will leave them all here below. For this journey has so [Music] we somehow I feel oh we're closer home closer. Say it to him. church. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Well, it's good to be in the house of God. If you're visiting with us tonight, we want to welcome you. Glad you're here. all those that would be streaming locally and around the world. We want to say God bless all of those folks as well. Could we give all those folks a good hand tonight if you would? Brother Jim Hughes wants to offer this testimony. Wants to thank the Lord for keeping his daughter and her friend from being injured in an automobile accident on Sunday night. He just wants to say praise the Lord for that. Chase Buck, 14-year-old, is at Vanderbilt Hospital. Brother Jim Hughes sends that in, Chase Buck. So, we want to certainly want to pray that God would be mindful of that situation. The Lord knows what it is. Sister Brandy Anthony is asking for prayer for her sister, April Weisner, healing in her body. The Lord knows all about her needs. We'll commit that unto the Lord. Uh, please pray for me. Both of my arms and wrists hurt. Sister Katherine Girtzen wants to be remembered in prayer tonight as we pray. Want to pray for brother Smith Ward home not feeling well. Thank you and may God bless. So let's remember brother Smith tonight as we pray. Sister Sherry Typton and urgent unspoken prayer request for Derek Hesley. God knows the need. We'll just commit that need unto the Lord tonight. Sister Linda Loris offers this testimony. uh trash truck with went up the hill by her apartment, was not in park, so it came back down the hill, crushed my porch, and total my car. But praise God, no one was injured. Thank God for his mercy. So, praise the Lord for that. Amen. God's good, isn't he. Amen. Another testimony. Brother Jim Hughes from Virginia called to thank everyone for their prayers concerning his recent CT scan. Other than a few gallstones, there were no signs of a hernia or any other type of stomach issues. He loves and appreciates everyone very much, but we appreciate him too. We really do. Prayer request. Brother Jim asks that we keep his brother Greg Hughes in our prayers concerning his health and the decisions that he needs to make. We just commit that need unto the Lord. Sister Donna Susong offers this request. Please keep my family in your prayers. We have many needs especially for sister Ruby and brother Homer. God bless you all. Sister Donna sends that in. So want to commit her to the Lord and and brother uh Homer and Sister Ruby just precious, wonderful people and we love them, don't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. This announcement due to construction and preparation for vacation Bible school, the fellowship hall is now closed and will be until after Bible school. The cleanup is complete. Thank you for your understanding. So remember that the fellowship hall is closed until after the Bible school cleanup has been completed. Uh you can you can do without it for just a little while. I'm sure all the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's tremendous needs in our group tonight. Certainly want to pray for those in our assembly that is sick and afflicted. God knows their needs. We just commit them all unto the Lord. Going to have a good time here at the house of the Lord tonight. Brother Daryl's going to be speaking for us. got some good singing. Uh just a lot to look forward to. Let's enjoy this little time together. How about that? Are you ready to enjoy it? Look at your neighbor and tell him you're ready. Praise the Lord. Let's stand to our feet tonight if you will. Brother Rob's going to come and lead us to the Lord in prayer. He's got a few announcements he's going to make concerning vacation Bible school. So, Brother Rob, you just take your time and let us know what we need to know. Buddy love this guy right here, don't we? Amen. Appreciate you, brother. God bless you. Just a couple things. You put me on the spot. That's good. Uh looking forward to vacation Bible school. That's always a great time of fellowship. And it's like a condensed package of fellowship. So, you know that I love that. And uh and so I asked Brother Louie tonight. He's the he's Friday night. So, I want to tell you on my heart last year was to give some testimonies of people maybe the kids didn't know. And when I say the the kids, I'm talking about 13 and up is my group and of course, Brother Joe's group. and we combine them both really is the upper roomies and that's uh the married some young marrieds and things so they're a little bit older. So, I want to invite both groups for our vacation Bible school that we're not doing little crafts, although I'm sure we will do some. Uh there's some things that I had in my heart to go ahead and connect the church a little. uh Monday night uh we're going to have um so each night I want the offices of the church to present what they do for the church that these things and the church doesn't go on without effort from many many people and what they do and how they got into that office and what you know what they bring to the to you know bringing their talents to what they do. So, Monday night, uh, we have we're going to actually have the kids tour the So, this is a little commercial for vacation Bible school. We have the kids tour upstairs for those them that haven't seen it. What happens with uh, you know, as we broadcast, we do the internet, they do the cameras, we do the sound, also the library, the gentlemen in the library, how they take care of phone calls and what they do for people around that follow the ministry. So, uh, and brother Michael and brother Jackie are going to take care of that and we'll be asking questions back and forth. how did they get into the the job? How did they how long have they done that? And uh it'll be nice to hear that. Tuesday night, uh brother JD and the deacons are invited. So, also know if you are in these groups, please come. Uh at 6:00, I believe it starts each night. Tuesday night is the deacons and they're going to talk about what they do and how they came in to serve the Lord. When Wednesday, we're having a service, of course. Uh so that is uh the service is Wednesday night. Thursday's brother Daryl is going to come in and and discuss with the kids a little bit about being an evangelist and what that means going on the road as we all kind of have an idea but he can bring it to pass and and bring it you know real to the kids and uh as well as the trustees what is their responsibilities how do they operate and what do they you know we have some older brothers that have helped in that degree and we want to know more about that uh and then Friday's the big guy we got Friday I just asked him that's why he asked me to bring this uh and how it is that brother Louie got into serving the Lord and leading songs and and the musicians. I want all of them to come as well so that we can talk back and forth uh about trying to get a little closer knit so the older people and the younger people kind of know what it takes to run the church and that they are the future if time should terry these young kids need to know what's involved. So to tie us together, that's my prayer and uh thank you for letting me share that. Let's pray for these requests. Um there's so many needs that I have and there are people more and more as I'm getting older I'm noticing there are more and more people that are desperate and need need prayer. Okay. And uh and there's a few people on my heart right now very very serious needs. Let's pray. Dear Lord, thank you for your grace to us. I thank you so much for this opportunity for us to come together that we have a place that we can come and pray that we can move Lord your heart Lord according to the to your divine will. And that's what we want. We want you to go ahead and be so so we want to be fearless as we ask boldly before the throne of grace asking for you to come upon the scene Lord but make sure Lord for we don't know what we ask you could be working behind the scenes and we want to pray according to your will you allow these things happen to bring people closer to you and we pray Lord if that be the case then then we trust you we may not understand but we trust what it is that you have in these matters and I pray Lord that your perfect will be done we don't want your permissive will we've come too far for that. We want your perfect will be done that we can look at the end of the day and recognize that that we've come with faith believing Lord that we are we are praying according to the desire of the kingdom. I pray Lord come according to your will not ours Lord. What do we know anyway? Lord, help us to go ahead and submit ourselves to your perfect will. We also want your presence tonight in a great and powerful way. We've come so accustomed to you come and visiting us in and in and so such a glorious way here behind this pulpit. I thank you Lord for your grace. I thank you for your presence. I thank you for your your will concerning these matters. And let these prayer requests be mighty testimonies for the kingdom of heaven in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, we'll receive the evening offer. You give us unto the Lord. Let's sing a Let's sing a song tonight. Who's on the Lord's side among you? Who's on the Lord's side among you? I think every one of us are on the Lord's side. We're hoping and praying, aren't we? Amen. Let's sing that old song tonight. Who is on the Lord's side among you? Play a little bit of it, Brother Harry. If you do, play a little bit. [Music] Thank you, [Music] Lord. I want you to sing with all your heart. Oh yes. Now, who is on the Lord's side among [Music] you? Who will help us join in the fight? Who is on the Lord's side among you? Amen. Oh yes. Now, who is on the side of the rise? Say that chorus again. Oh, tell me who is on the Lord's side among you. Who will help us join in the fight? Who is on the Lord's side among? Thank you, Lord. Oh, tell me who is on the side of the ride. Now to God be granted all the praise and glory for he gave his son on Calvary to die. Oh and that same son gave his life. Oh yes he did. Oh God, don't you appreciate that tonight? So tell me who is on the Lord side tonight. Hallelujah. Yes. Now who is on the Lord's side among you? And who will help us join in the fight? Who is on the Lord's side among you? Oh, tell me who is on the side of the ride. Well, to God be granted all the praise and glory. [Music] Oh, for he gave his son on Calvary to die. Oh, and that same son gave. Hallelujah. On God, God's love. Thank you, Lord. So, tell me who is Lord. Let us be on your side. Every one of us tonight. Tonight. Oh, tell me who is on the Lord's side among [Music] you. Who will help us join in the fight? Who is on the Lord side among you? So tell me who is on the side of the ride. So tell me who is on the Lord's side tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to stand with him here so I can stand with him there. How about you tonight? Is that your desire? Let's sing a little chorus tonight as brother Tyler, if you'll come on to the platform, be getting ready to sing. Sister Harmony, if you want to come on to the platform, be getting ready to sing. I'm working on a building. I'm being worked on. How about you? Are you still being worked on? Are you still under construction? Every one of us are. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of that old song tonight. I'm working on a building. I'm working on a building. I'm working on a building for my Lord. For my Lord, it's a Holy Ghost building. It's a Holy Ghost building. It's a Holy Ghost building for my Lord. For my Lord. Well, if I were a sinner. Oh, yes. I tell you what I would do, I would quit my sin. Amen. I'm working on a building. I'm working on a building. I'm working on a building. I'm working on a building for my Lord. For my Lord. It's a Holy Ghost filing. It's a Holy Ghost building. It's a Holy Ghost filing for my Lord. For my Lord. God bless. You can be seated. Give our singers a nice hand tonight. [Music] Through so many dangers and toils of this life, I have already on. But he keeps on giving the grace and the strength to just keep pressing on. [Applause] He's given a promise and I'm going to stand on every word his holy word to say and holding his hand. I'll never fear for whatever lies ahead. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. [Music] And I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good and he walks beside me and heaven is in my you. Oh, I'm going to make it [Music] through. Tired of the good intentions I've had. Sometimes my strength can fail. Though I have tried the very best that I could, my weaknesses [Music] prevail. Then I remember the promise he made that in my weakness he is strong. And that's when I know whatever may come is steady hand me and I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. And I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. And he walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it [Music] through. I'm going to make it. He's already said that I would. And I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my [Applause] [Music] good. And he walks beside me. And heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make you through. And he walks beside me. And heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make you [Music] through. [Applause] [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that called my heart awake. The veil was torn. The truth came down. No more. The road of fake. From tapes only. I walk away. God opened up my eyes. The word alive. It began to blaze and broke deceptions ties. My chains are gone. I've been set free. The Lord himself revealed to [Music] me. That truth still preached alive and pure in Jesus Christ. I'm safe and sure in Jeff first sunville I once had stayed but question stirred inside I prayed oh Lord please show the way he never did not die. My chains are gone. I've been set free. The Lord himself revealed to me. That truth still preached alive and pure in Jesus Christ. [Music] I'm safe and [Music] sure to John sinc city I was led the message strong and pure where the path preaches what profit said and Christ alone A home draws near. No man is placed above that voice. I'm thankful for this holy stand where the truth and freedom it still is. And Christ alone, he draws so near. My chains are gone. I've been set free. The Lord himself revealed to me. Now I rejoice in word and light. I found his will. I walk in this light. I found his will. I walk in the light. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Uh, brother, if you can pull up peace of God, a sister uh request that we sing this sometimes. Brother Tyler told us before that was his testimony. Ain't you glad you've seen the light? Help me sing this as brother Daryl comes. See peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover [Music] me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me. [Music] through the [Music] storm [Music] cover. Only in you I am safe. Only in you I'm [Music] secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I'm going through the storm. Cover me when I am hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand cover me. [Music] Peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. Only you I am saved. Yes, Lord Jesus. Only you are secure in you. I find peace. So cover me. Cover this morning. Hallelujah. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the stor. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. That the peace that passes all I understand. Cover [Applause] me. Thank you Lord Jesus. Cover. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Where would we be without him? I'm so glad in such a troublesome time that we have peace and we can rest on the word of God knowing that emotions will fail us, sensations will fail us, nations, governments, politicians, but the word of God will never fail us. Amen. You know, as we've said it many, many times, the prophet said it many, many times. Jesus never ever said, "Did you feel it?" But he did say, "Did you believe it?" "If thou can believe." Amen. It's the theme of the bride. Amen. It's all he ever asked us to do was to believe him. Amen. So, we're grateful for that tonight. If you have your Bible, turn with us to the book of Matthew. Want to read from Matthew chapter 28 starting at verse one. We certainly appreciate the song service and the presence of the Lord that we feel among us this evening. and we just trust the Lord will get us out of the way that he can speak to your heart tonight. It's just a simple little thought, but it's really the only kind that I can bring, but we trust it'll be a a blessing to you. But we want to read from Matthew chapter chapter 28 starting at verse one. Amen. Certainly uh heard some good reports of the over the weekend. We hated to to miss it. It's one of the bad things about being an evangelist. you don't get to stay home too often and you miss a lot of things. And I I remember one time at at Happy Valley, I I went into the bathroom after service and there's a brother there and he said, "Where do you go to church?" I said, "I go here." He said, "Well, who are you?" I said, I thought I need to stay home more often. He said, "Oh, I'm sorry, brother Daryl." He said, "I stream and I I didn't recognize you, but just so comical." We said, "Where do you go to church?" I thought, "I've been here since I was a little boy." Amen. May the Lord bless you. Matthew 28, starting at verse one. Do you love him tonight? The Bible says this, "In the end of the Sabbath, as it began to dawn towards the first day of the week, came Mary Magdalene and the other Mary to see the tomb. And behold, there was a great earthquake, for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door and sat upon it. and his countenance was like lightning and his remnant white as snow. And for fear of him the keepers did shake and became as dead men. And the angel answered and said unto the women, "Fear not, for I know that ye seek Jesus which was crucified. He is not here, for he is risen as he said. Come see the place where the Lord laid, and go quickly, and tell his disciples that he has risen from the dead. And behold, he goeth before you into the Galilean, there shall you see him, for lo, I have told you. And they departed quickly from the tomb with fear and great joy, and did run to bring his disciples word. And as they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, All hell. And they came and held him by the feet and worshiped him. Then said Jesus unto them, "Be not afraid, go tell my brethren." Glory. Go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee, and there shall they see me. May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. We want to speak to you for a few minutes this evening on my burden is light. And we take a little thought out of that of barriers of light. The bearers of light. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are so grateful to be living in this hour as we see, Lord, the things that your prophet has told us coming to pass right before our very eyes, Lord, of a pope coming out of the United States. today, Lord. Uh, Brother Donnie sent me that little text, Lord, of the car that they were saying now that you can purchase for so many thousands of dollars and it'll drive you down the road and you'll be able to to to sleep or watch a movie or play a game. And oh, God, how we're so grateful, Lord, to be living in the hour that the very prophecies are being fulfilled before our very eyes. And Lord, we see the condition of the world. And you said, "When these things begin to come to pass, you told us, Lord, to lift up our eyes, for our redemption drawth nigh." And Lord, it stirs our hearts to know if that part of the prophecy is true, then the rest of it's true also, Lord. For you said, "In this hour there shall be light in the evening time." And Lord, may the revelation strike our hearts tonight just what that light is, Lord. And we pray, dear God, for the needs of your people. For Lord, we believe that you are our healer and the sustainer of our lives, Lord. for those that are afflicted and able to be here tonight and sick and body. I pray in the name of Jesus by the same anointing that raised my Lord from the grave, may it move, dear God, upon their lives and restore their health. For you said in your word, I will restore saith the Lord. Y bless your people tonight, Lord. We pray as we commit this service into your hands for your glory in Jesus name. And the saints said, "Amen." God bless you. You may be seated. Now, in our scripture reading this evening, we find that Mary and Martha is making her way down to the tomb of Jesus. And as they were making their way down to the tomb, there was a great earthquake. And an angel, oh my, descended from heaven, and rolled away the stone, and sat upon the stone. And the keepers of the grave, they did shake, and became as dead men. And the angel said unto Mary and Martha, "Fear not, for I know that you seek Jesus, but he is not here. He has risen as he has said. And go quickly and tell his disciples that he has risen from the dead. And behold, he goeth before you into Galilee, and there shall ye see him. For lo, I have told you. Now Jesus said before his crucifixion in John 21:19, he said these words unto them, "Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up again." Now we see the fulfillment of this that the angel is now coming forth after 3 days of a dead cold dark tomb comes a message from God through the lips of an angel messenger that he is alive. So we see that as Mary and Martha was making their way to the tomb to see the body of Jesus they are met by an angel and this angel has come to the church because remember now a woman types the church. Is that what the prophet of God said? So we see now that these women are typing the church and the angel comes to the church with a fresh urgent message. Go tell his disciples he is alive. Now notice this message did not come to the world for he said a little while the world will see me no more but ye shall see me for I'll be with you even in you. So the message didn't come to the world but he said go tell my disciples. Amen. In a little while the world see me no more but ye shall see me. The message came to his disciples. So here comes the women, the church. See, and the angel that has brought the message. Now he places this burden upon these sisters who is a type of the church to bring the gospel light to the disciples who are still in the cold darkness of despair because Jesus had been taken from them and the burden was placed upon them to go tell them I am alive. Now this message that's going to be brought it will not be a secondhand religion. It won't say, "Well, you know, we don't know, but that's what the angel said, but we don't really know." But it will not be just a secondhand experience, but it'll actually be a firsthand experience. For as Mary and Martha were making their way back, Jesus himself appeared before them and said, "Oh, hell," which means, "Oh, joy." And they came and held him by the feet and worshiped him. Now, after the appearing of the Lord, now they're running with not only with the message of he is risen, but now they're running with the message of where he is. Not only are they running with the message that he's living, but they're running with the message he's here. Amen. And Mary and Martha ran with this message with the proof of life. Now, a lot of times when someone is kidnapped and and they're helped for ransom, people who are holding up for for ransom, they'll ask for for a payment. So the people that's paying the money, they want what they call the proof of life. And they want something that will let them know that the person is still living. Like a phrase that only they would know or or a song or something, some kind of proof of life to show before they pay the money that the person is still actually alive. Now remember when Jesus walked on the road to the two to to Emmas and they got into the little room, the Bible said that he took and he broke the bread. And when he broke the bread, he done it just the way he did before the crucifixion. And their eyes were open and they knew that it was Jesus that he was alive. Now Mary and Martha is running with this message and a proof of life that not only said, "I've seen him and I've touched him. He's alive. He's well and he's here." Now the burden of bringing that message of light was given to the church. The burden was placed on the church. You go tell them I'm alive. Now Mary and Martha, the message was more than just words. Amen. They had actually experienced what they were saying. And the burden was placed upon them to go tell my brethren not only is he alive but I am here. Amen. Now we see in the scripture that Paul in Thessalonians 15, he said, "For our gospel came unto you not in word only but also in power and in the Holy Ghost and in much asuranc as you know what manner of men we were among you for your sake." Paul said, "We didn't come with just quotes. We didn't come with just a few tracks, but we come with power and authority with the word of God and the Holy Ghost to back it up. We come with the assurance that Jesus is with us. Not only is he risen, but he is here. And Paul knew that burden to bring the gospel was placed upon him. For Paul knew it was. He said he found out that he was harnessed to something like you put a horse in a harness to it to pull something. And Paul knew after this experience and three and a half years of typing the experience that he had with the Bible, he realized that God had chosen him and harnessed him by the Holy Spirit to pull the gospel life into the present of the Gentiles. The spirit itself harnessed him. He was yolked to the gospel, but not just word only, not just pass out some tracks, but he come in the power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit that the life that was in Christ was now being represented in his church. Amen. Amen. Jesus said in Matthew 11:30, he said, "For my yoke is easy and my burden is light." Now the prophet told us scripture has a compound meaning and I believe that Jesus was saying come all ye that are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me and I will give you rest for my yoke is easy and my burden is light. Now we know Jesus was talking about that. But I want to take this saying my burden is light. And I want to look at that phrase for just a few minutes if you allow me to. My yoke is easy. My burden is light. Now, burden according to Webster means exactly what you're thinking. It means right now. It means what most of us think about it. A burden that is it's a load or something oppressive or something that's worrisome. But according to Webster, there's another definition of burden. And it also means a duty or a responsibility. Glory. Jesus said, "My duty, my responsibility is light." And at a very early age, Jesus knew what his purpose was for when he was but 12 year old. His mother, you know, they lost him and they traveled back three days. And where did they find him? They found him in the temple. And Mary said, "Your father and I have sought you with tears." And Jesus being the word corrected the error. Yes. He said, "Know ye not. I must be about my father's business." Now, Joseph was a carpenter, but Jesus wasn't in there getting contracts. So, the father he was speaking of was not Joseph. Hallelujah. But he was in the temple expounding on the word. His duty, his responsibility was to do the father's business. Amen. Amen. Look, when you place a grain of sea uh seed in the ground and it comes up, there are carriers, there are shucks that carries the grain. They carry the seed to maturity to bring it back to grain again. And you harvest it. You harvest it when it reaches the ability to reproduce itself again. If you harvest it before it reaches maturity, it can never reproduce itself. So, you plant it and there's all kinds of shucks and carriers that bring the seed up. But when it comes back to the original seed, when it comes back to maturity, then you can harvest it because you can have another crop. Amen. And brother Ben speaking of this and the seed is not air was shook. He said, "Now notice there will be no more carriers, mother churches, denominations. After this carrier shook because after the shuck, there's no more. There's nothing left but them and just the grain." Is that right? It's got to be grain. It's got to be the same kind that went into the ground. Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever. And a spirit come upon the bride to do the same thing he did. What's it doing? It's reproducing again the grain. Amen. What is that spirit that comes up on the church? It is the Holy Ghost. The life that he lived. Can you say amen to that? And that comes back upon the bride. What for? Not to make an organization. Not to make a denomination. Not to be a man follower. No sir. But what for? To reproduce Jesus Christ again. making him the same yesterday, today, and forever. That we don't have to go back to 65 and find the God of history. That God of 65 is the God of 2025 doing the same thing now in his bride. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Notice Jesus. The word yet young. Well, when I get old, I'll do something. He was 12 years old. The word yet young spake for itself. No, you not. I must be about my father's business. And the prophet said, "There's the secret of the message." Now, just exactly the father's business. What is the father's business? Could you think of what the father's business was to him? What was the father? I must be about what is the business? To fulfill what Isaiah said. His business was to fulfill the words of the prophets. Amen. To fulfill what Isaiah said, "A virgin shall conceive." To fulfill what Isaiah said again, "The lame shall leap like a heart, and all these things that would take place like Moses said, the Lord your God shall raise up a prophet like it unto me." It was the father's business to fulfill the words of the prophet. Oh, hallelujah. Well, if it come down through them stalks of them natural women, what about these stalks of these spiritual churches women? Women means churches. See, is that right? Then what is it now? We must be about the father's business. The wheat would cry back. The grain, the wheat would cry back. Then what does that tell us? The bride is not immune. She has a voice. For she'll have thus saith the Lord or keep still. Amen. She'll not be a freak bride. She'll not have a finger missing or a leg missing or an eye missing. And she can talk but can't hear and hear but can't talk. No sir. A perfect bride for a perfect bridegroom. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We must be about the father's business. The wheat would cry back. Yes, sir. The grain. We have a duty. We have a burden. Not just to set on a pew, not a creed, not a denomination. What must we do? We must vindicate Malachi 4, vindicate Luke 17:30, vindicate Hebrews 13:8, vindicate St. John 14:12, vindicate all of his word. Who was Christ? He was the fullness of the word. Who is the bride? The fullness of the word. Amen. Oh, God. I see it, but I want to see it more. Amen. Do you believe him, friends? Amen. To vindicate all of his word, vindicate Revelations 10th chapter, the opener of the seven seals and the mystery of God, even the serpent seed, and all would be manifested, marriage and divorce, and all these other mysteries that's been hidden under the pillars from these years from theologians and so forth. But it's now the hour that the father's business, Amen. That's the father's business. It's now the hour for what? To vindicate. to vindicate this message. Not by a website. Not by a website. No sir. How will we vindicate this message? Because the message will become flesh. Vindicated. How? By manifesting it in our lives. Amen. Not a quote, not a tape player, but a life lived by the word. Is the word expressed? [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. Do you see it, friends? Do you see who you are? It's Noel someday. No, no, it's now. We are now sons and daughters of God. I didn't come to mix up a doctrine. I come to straighten one out, to get away from this fear and scare that you don't know who you are. You're not going to be, but you are now sons and daughters of God. You always were sons and daughters of God. He wrote my name. He wrote your name with Jesus. He wrote your name with Jesus in the lamb's book of life. Before the foundation of the world, before there was a star, before there was air. Come on, somebody. He wrote your name. The mayor of Johnson City don't know me. The governor of Tennessee, he don't know me. Donald Trump, he don't know me. But the God who created the heavens and the earth, he knows my name. be about the father's business to what? To vindicate these things. Vindicated how? By manifesting it in our lives. Re said, "You think they'll receive it?" They don't want it. Said, "Our denomination don't teach us that." Well, the Baptists don't teach that. That's why I'm not there. Presbyterians don't teach that. That's why I'm not there. The Bible teaches it. That's why I'm here. Thank you, Lord. I think they'll receive it. They want to be dignified. Says, "Our denomination don't teach us that, but the Bible does, and God vindicates it to be true." Thank you, Lord. Amen. Jesus burden, his burden, his duty, his responsibility was to bring that gospel light, the light of the father, the logos to bring it before the people to fulfill the promised word. My burden is light. My responsibility is light. He said in John 12:46, I am come a light into the world that whosoever should believeth on me shall not abide in darkness. Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world. He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life. John 12:27. And now my soul is troubled. And what shall I say? Father, save me for this hour, for this cause came I into this hour. What was he saying? I am here fulfilling what the word said I would do. What the word said I will be. What the word says I am. Jesus had perfect faith because he knew who he was in the word. You will have perfect faith when you realize the word is speaking of you. Hallelujah. From this hour for this cause I came into this hour. Pilate therefore said unto him, "Art thou a king?" Jesus answered, "Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world that I should bear witness of the truth. And everyone that is of truth heareth my voice. Have you heard his voice? Amen. Think of it. Think of this. The logos of God came down, picked up some dust, blowed into it, and stepped into this dust. The logos of God picked up some dust, stepped into it, and talked to Abraham and told our father Abraham, "I will give you a son." And that same God came in the flesh of Jesus. He was yolked to the father in so much he said, "I only do what I see him do. Let not your hearts be troubled. If you believe in God, believe also in me. For I and my father are one. The same God that picked up dust, blew in it, stepped in it, and spoke to our father Abraham, that same God became flesh in Jesus Christ. What is it? The prophet said, the same pillar of fire that followed the children of Israel. It's the same thing here today. The same Christ, any Bible student knows that pillar of fire that led the children of Israel through the wilderness was the angel of the covenant. Christ the logos that went out of God in the beginning and when it was made flesh and dwelt in a human body here on the earth named Jesus. Look what it did then. Look what it did when it come down in some flesh and talked to Abraham. Look what it did when it was here on the earth and talked in Galilee. The same God who picked up dust and spoke to Abraham is the same God who picked up the body of Jesus and walked the shores of Galilee. Do you believe that? If you believe that, you've got to believe the rest of it. Well, here it is. Here it is. Back again tonight, dwelling in all of us. The same God that picked up dust and spoke to Abraham is the same God who walked in the body of Jesus on the shores of Galilee. is the same God that is in his church tonight. Amen. It's here back again tonight. It's here back again tonight. It's here back again tonight. Dwelling in all of us. The universal church doing the same thing. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now the prophet, he picked up on the people when he was preaching it. He felt him pull back and he said, "Now to clear your minds," he said, "I feel it. I feel it." To clear your minds, you're saying, "Christ is not a light." The prophet picked up on it because some of the people when he was expressing this, some of the people were saying, "But Christ is not a light." And brother Brandham said, "Now to clear your mind because I feel it. Christ is not a light, but Christ is a light. Christ is a light. Amen. Well, I'll admit it. Y'all just sit there. That's not my words. That's the prophet. You say you believe. That's what the prophet is telling you tonight. People say, "Well, Christ is not a light." He said, "I feel that Christ is a light." His burden, his duty, his responsibility, his burden, his duty, his responsibility was to bear that light before the people. God laid that burden on him. Go and declare to Israel after 400 years without a prophet, I am alive and that I am here. God said, "Go tell him I'm here." Paul met that same light. Did he not meet it on the road to Damascus and a light struck him down? What did the light say? What did it say? I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. Yes, sir. A light, a voice spoke out of the light said, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? Who are you, Lord? I am Jesus. Whom thou persecutest?" Paul met that same light on the road to Damascus, and a light struck him down, and a voice spoke and said, "I'm Jesus. Go tell them, Paul. Go tell them I'm alive and that I'm here in my church." Paul said, "I've not failed to declare unto you the full counsel of God." Paul was yolked to that light and the burden was placed upon Paul to go and tell them I am alive and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Amen. And now the word is made flesh in his church dwelling among us. Amen. Oh, if I could only see Jesus, brother Daryl, he's sitting right beside you. Oh my. It's where he said he would be in this hour. A little while the world will see me no more, but you shall see me. Word of life, church. You shall see me. How? For I'll be with you, even in you. The word made flesh in his church, dwelling among us. His angel is in his hand. Ministers, God is depending upon his church. God is relying on us of this age to bring the gospel light to a dying heathenbound traditional world. God is laying the burden on me. God is laying the burden on you. And woe unto us if the heathen dies without knowing it. He has placed the burden to bear the light to a dying demon bound world. God is laying the burden on me. Woe unto us that the heathen dies without knowing it. Oh, they carry reading and writing in rivick and a few religious pamphlets and they've made no more than a bunch of proelites. I mean the gospel the gospel is not word only. Paul said so. Paul said, "The gospel didn't come to us through word only, but the word was made manifest." And when the word by the Holy Ghost, the word is planted into the heart that's got the Holy Ghost, it produces what the word said it would. Amen. And the word can discern the thoughts of the heart. That's why you can talk about something coming to church and the preacher can get up and say it word for word because God is in his people. The gospel out has been yolked again today. God placed the burden upon us. Go and declare he's alive and that he's here. You said, "Brother D, I'm just not a good speaker. I can't stand on the corner and pass out a track. I can't stand on a corner and testify. But you see, my brother, my sister, it's not so much what we say with our mouth. It's what we live with our lives. I'd rather somebody live me a sermon, then preach me one. Amen. The burden upon us to go and declare he's alive, that he's here. You can't declare that unless you've been yolked, harnessed, and the burden has been placed upon you. Bring the gospel light. The burden is upon us. Not to bring a creed, not to bring a quote, but the gospel with power and demonstration with the proof of life. The bride must declare that Jesus is alive today. Amen. Proof of life. He's alive. How? Not by passing out a track. How? By the life he lived. Is alive by doing what he did when he was here. And those that believe will vindicate that by doing the works that he did according to St. John 14:12. Mother walked in the light she had. But the day has come when the gospel light is shining. The theology of Christian churches is dying. It's failed. Denominations have failed. That's why the prophet said, "Come out of hermen, my people." God's taking you now. God has taken you now to reveal himself again through his church, the resurrected body of the Lord Jesus Christ. He's taken me. He's taken you to reveal himself again. Resurrected out of his churchity. Resurrected our co-formal churches. Resurrected out of fanaticism. God's bringing forth a bunch of bones and putting skin on it in the power of the Holy Ghost that'll bring the gospel in the last days with signs and wonders to the end of the world. They'll teach the Bible. They'll stand by it. They'll live by it. They'll not compromise right or left. That's right. They'll stand right on that word and move on. And God will be with them daily confirming the word with signs and wonders following. All you stars, all you morning stars, arise and shine. Thy light has come. Hallelujah. Proof of his life. Proof of his life. Amen. Our burden is light. Our responsibility, our duty, our burden is to bring that light. We are light bears. Then spake Jesus again saying, "I'm the light of the world. He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life. As long as I'm in the world, I am the light of the world. And then he said in Matthew 5:14, "Ye are the light of the world." Amen. Jesus said, "I'm the light of the world." Then he said, "You're the light of the world." So who's the light of the world? Jesus or you? He said he was. Then he said you was. How could that be? Because now he's in you. Amen. Oh God, you're the light of the world. A city that's set on a hill that cannot be hid. Prophet said, "Almighty God, we thank thee tonight from the very depths of our heart for the love of Christ that's been shed abroad in our heart in these last days by the Holy Spirit. We thank thee because we have the privilege of assembling ourselves together and worshiping me thee and having this blessed assurance that someday you're coming for your church. We thank thee to be the lightbearers of this age. What is a lightbearer? It's someone who carries the light. We thank thee. We thank thee to be the lightbearers of this age. To be here ready to manifest the promised word for the age that we are now living in. Not Luther's day, not Wesley's day, not Pentecost with the restoration of the gifts, but our day, our hour, our message, our word, our light, the evening light to manifest the promised word for the age we're living in now. Knowing that beginning you allotted out of your word, knowing the end from the beginning. Each age you allotted your word to that age. Somehow we don't know how it ever happened but in each of those ages as we look back thy word and we see there there was an anointing that come on that age to fulfill that word then what comes upon us an anointing from God to do what? To fulfill the word for our hour and in the days that we're now living in there's aotted word promise for this age. We believe the Holy Spirit is here on the earth now trying to find hearts to manifest and to bring to pass by vindicating the word that's now prophesied for this day and this hour. Think of it. Think of this before we close. What was Jesus manifested for? To show God. Amen. Philip said, "Show us the father. It'll satisfy us." He said, "Have I been with you all this time? When you see me, you see the father." What was he manifested for? To show God. And the same word that speaks for the groom speaks also for the bride. Then what is this bride manifested for? To show God. Yes, sir. Thank you. Not an organization, not a denomination. Amen. Amen. But the word manifested in flesh. He sent back the life he lived by to the church. How? By the Holy Spirit. God purposed. We find here in sending the Holy Spirit was for one purpose. He sent the Holy Spirit for one purpose. that God himself might dwell in his church and continue his plans through the church. God was in Christ continuing to pass through Christ out of Christ into the church continuing his work through the church. He that was, he that is, and he that's to be in this day the same yesterday, today, and forever. He was manifested for that purpose. And through that purpose, he would achieve the church that he, the fullness of God, might bring to pass every promised word of God in these last days when he can get the preeminence, the preeminence in the church. You see, God don't need my education. God don't need my ability. He just needs my skin. It's not how much I can know. Come on, somebody. It's how much we can yield. It's how much we can yield to that life. What did brother Brandham say the gift was? The gift was getting William Brandham out of the way. He said the greatest enemy I got is William Brandham. The gift is getting myself out of the way. It's relaxing and getting out of the way that he can speak. He wants the preeminence in you and the young people and mom and daddy, brother, sister. He wants that preeminence in our life. Amen. Why? That he can show himself alive. Amen. Is this all right? The position, the preeminence in his place in the church. Jesus said, "He that believeth on me, the works I do shall he also. Even more than this shall he do, for I go to my father." That was his purpose. There was the manifestation. And now today, he wants to get somebody that can so see it that they can let the word manifest through them. Amen. Somebody who can so see the message of the hour that they can manifest that message through them. Oh God, help me Lord Jesus. He wants to get somebody. I said, "God, let it be me." He wants to get somebody that can so see it that they can let the word manifest through them. Hallelujah. Jesus so seated, so perfectly born for the day until God expressed every move that he made. He was God's revelation. He was God revealed. Then this ransom church of the last day purposed by God to be here. What is she? Not a creed, not a dogma, not a cult. She's God's revelation. God revealed in flesh. Once again, not God above us, not God with us, but God in us. He took some dust, blew on it, stepped in it, spoke to Abraham, took a body, walked on the shores of Galilee. Now he's taking another body. The same God above us, with us, now in us. Christ, the mystery of God revealed. What did he tell us? All God was, he poured into Christ. And all Christ is, he has poured into his church. And Christ was the mystery of God revealed. But the bride is the revelation of where he is today. There would come a time that would come forth. He could express himself in the fullness of his God. and deity through his church to have the preeminence in this church. Oh my, the anointed man. Now the anointed man. Who was the anointed man? Jesus Christ. But who is the anointed people? His bride. Oh my. The anointed man. Now the anointed people. Oh my. To bring back the anointed bride and the bridegroom. Cuz you see, the prophet said, "If you want to see what a man really is, look at what he marries." Then what must Christ take as a union to himself? It must be someone just like him. That's right. Got the same genetics. Oh, God. That's why he's not ashamed. Go tell my brethren. Hallelujah. Amen. He's not ashamed to call us brethren. Oh, help us, Lord Jesus. Amen. Do you love him tonight? Amen. There would come a time come forth when he'd express himself in the fullness of his godhead deity through his church and have the premise in his church, the anointed man now, the anointed people on my to bring back the anointed bride and the bridegroom anointed. Why? By accepting what Eve turned down and Adam coming back with the anointing of the word because he said my word is spirit anointed with the word. What Eve turned down he comes back and we accept. Notice secondly, the manifested Christ in you, the hope of glory. That great manifested God in Christ. That great manifested God in Christ. And now Christ manifested in you. You said, "Bel, you're sure reading a lot because I want you to know these are not my words. I'm only rehearsing in your ears what the prophet has already told you." Yes. Amen. Look, what was once God's great secret, great mysterious secret that was in his mind, God had this great mysterious secret in his mind. But who could get into God's mind to get this secret? Moses could not even get into the mind of God. He could only go back to the beginning. That's how he wrote in the beginning that as far as he could go back and nobody had access to the mind of God. And God held this great mysterious secret in his mind. Even the angels who had never sinned yet they could not partake of this great secret that was in God's mind. For who had access to God's mind? What was once God's great secret that was in his mind before the foundation of the world is now made manifest. Where where where is this great? It was once in God's mind but it's not there now. Where is it at? Where is this great mysterious secret that was once in God's mind before the foundation of the world? Here's what the prophet said. Look, what was once God's great secret, great mysterious secret that was in his mind is now put in the hearts of the believers. Where is this great secret? Where is this great? It's in your heart. It was once in God's mind, but it's now been placed in the heart of the believers. That his body of Christ, what was once God's great secret in his mind before the foundation of the world is now made manifest where? In you. Think of it. Because God promised it and he keeps his promises. He cannot fail. His promises are always true. Yeah. Paul says, "Anybody ever seen that picture of light, the angel of the Lord, the pillar of fire? They've got it. Science has it. Washington has it. Yeah. Right. And I know the doubters and the liars, you know, that try to condemn this message say it's not there. But I want them to know they're a liar. It is there. Me and my wife went to the Library of Congress. Me and Sher and Jessica went there a few year ago. We went up there on the second floor up there to the the Library of Congress. We walked in. They looked at Sher. They told us exactly where it was at. We pulled it out. We took pictures of it. It's there. It's there. It's there. You ever seen that picture of light, the angel of the Lord, the pillar of fire? They've got it. Science has it. Washington has it. Now the church has got it in reality. They've got it in a picture, but you've got it in reality. You've got it in reality. That same pillar of fire that led the children of old is leading us in this Exodus. Hallelujah. You've got it in reality. It's here with us. It's leading us just as it led Israel. It's still leading the church. There's not a wind strong enough that will stop this bride that will stop you. There's not a sickness. There's not a trial that'll keep us from achieving God's great purpose for our lives. There's something burning in us, a fire, a light that's burning, a light that's been lit by God. A breeze can't blow it out. There's no cold spell in the church can blow it out. There's no indifference among the people. No persecution of the world that can blow this flame of God out. For God purposed that this torch light of freedom will burn until the coming of the Lord. And no power, nobody on the internet, nobody that can write a book, nobody will stop this message. All they do will damn their souls down. If you don't believe it, you better keep your mouth shut because you will condemn. Out of your own mouth, you will be justified. Out of your own mouth, you will be condemned. That's thus sayith the spirit of God. Hallelujah. We're not playing church anymore, friends. It's here. This is who we are. This is what the purpose of the message was to come. Was to bring a body on the earth who had God had the preeminence in that he could express himself through. And no persecution of the world can blow that flame out. It'll burn to the coming of the Lord. No powers. It will only make it burn brighter. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Hallelujah. Anybody ever been on fire? I have. I was burning some leaves one time. Had a little pair of raggedy jeans on. I was out there burning them leaves and I sitting on that hole, you know, watching it burn just thinking about things and kicking leaves up in there. All of a sudden, I thought, man, my legs awful warm. And I looked down, fire was coming up my leg. I threw that hole. I screamed like a woman. I said, you crickets I'm on. I was one second away from ripping my britches off. Why? I was on fire. [Music] Don't tell me we're on fire. Can you imagine? Come on. If you you expect somebody to do that when you expect somebody to throw a hole and scream like a woman when they're on fire. What if I said oh my Well, look. I'm on fire. My goodness. It's already to my knee. You'd say he's crazy. I'm on fire. Oh, saints of God. We're on fire. Listen to me. We are not muted. We have a voice. I say it's time to bring this light to a dying world and let them know who we are. We are the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. And he has manifested himself through us with signs and wonders. Blinded eyes come open. The lame walk. The dead are raised. That's what God said he would do. We're now living. God has come on the scene to vindicate and prove his promises. It's the light of the hour so we can rise and shine. The light shines upon us again today. The word is being made manifest. It's the light. That's what that's what. Then what was he? What was he? He was God's light. He was God's light. He said, "I am the light of the world." And then he said, "You're the light of the world." So if he was the light of the world and he was God's light and you're the light of the world, then who are you? You are God's light. That's right. Amen. Bearers of the light. My burden, my duty, my responsibility is not to make a creed, not to make a dogma, not to make an organization, not to make a kingdom for myself, but my duty, my responsibility is to bear this light. That's true. Not only did he say I'm the light of the world, but he said you're the light of the world. If his word is in you bearing record of itself, then you're the light of the world. We find the light of each age made manifested just the same. Jesus was the light of his hour because he was the promised word of the hour. And the word of God made manifest is always the light of the hour. Listen to me as we close. The evening light here come the evening light. The evening light is not a sign. It's not just a church sign. It's not just the name of a church that's in the message. Evening light tabernacle. Evening light church. Send the light. It's more than that. The evening light is not a name on the church. It's not even a song. The evening light is you. Amen. In the evening time, it shall be light. Oh, lightbears. Lightbears, rise to your God-given purpose. Hallelujah. Yield your will to his purpose, not my will, Lord. Let thy will be done. Isaiah said, "Arise and shine, for thy light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For behold, darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness, but the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee, and the Gentiles shall come to thy light." Amen. and the kings to the brightness of the horizon. Oh God, it's my desire. Brother Harry, I want my wife. I want my children. I want my grandchildren. I want my friends [Music] to see Jesus. to see that light. That's what I want to see. God, help me to yield to that. Amen. God, help us to yield to that. That's a story just come to my mind. Oh my. Hey, some men. They lived in New Jersey. They worked in New York. And every Friday they would catch a puddle jumper flight from New York over to to New from New York over to New Jersey and eat supper with their wives. They was businessmen. They worked in New York City through the week and then on the weekend they would fly back on Friday and eat supper with their wives. And so business last a little bit longer. When they got to the airport, they were running late. And when you're running late at the airport, there's only one way to get to the gate. That's run. I've done it a time. And they come around the corner and they saw this girl, but it was too late. They knocked her down. Knocked her apple cart over. Knocked her apples everywhere. But they kept running. But when they got down to the gate, one of them got to feeling bad, Brother Larry. And told his buddies, he said, "You all go on. I'm going to go back and check on her." They said, "You better come on. Your wife's expecting you." Said, "Tell my wife what happened. She'll understand. Tell her I'll catch the later flight. I'll see her after a while." And he goes back and when he goes back to where the little girl is, she's in the floor and she's crying. He's saying, "Jesus, would you help me? Jesus, please help me." Anybody been in New York City? Too friendly. People walked right by her and never paid no attention to her. And he said, "I'll help you." And he set up the chair. He set her up. He gave her handkerchief. Here, wipe your tears. I'll I'll take care of. He set up the apple cart. He picked up all the apples that was bruised. He set them off to a side so she wouldn't sell a bruised apple. He took his right and cleaned out all the apples. He cleaned them up. He stacked them all up. He reached in his pocket. He pulled out $20. He said, "Now here, this is enough to cover every apple that was bruised, and we're so sorry that we've done this. We didn't mean to. We was running late. We didn't see you, and I'm sorry." He said, "Now, you're back in business." He said, "I've got to go see about my flight." And as he turned to leave, this little girl spoke for the first time. He realized she was blind. And he she spoke for the first time and she said, "Mister, are you Jesus?" He said, "No." Wh Why would you say that? She said, "Well, I was just asking Jesus to help me and I heard you say, "I'll help you." And I thought maybe he was him. He said, "No, no, I follow him. And all the way that night looking out the window of an airplane, he thought about those words, "Mister, are you Jesus?" And I wonder, friends, if my neighbor was blind, they couldn't see the eagle that's on our house. They couldn't see the Malachi 4 license plate that's on our car. They couldn't see our wives with their dresses and their long hair. Do we live such a life that if our neighbor was blind, they could still see Jesus? Amen. What does it take a surrendered life? someone if he could just find someone, he said, who would so yield herself that he could manifest himself through. And I say tonight, I don't know about you friends, but when I was looking at this, studying this, I said, "Oh God, let it be me. Let it be me that someone, Brother Jack, can see Jesus in me. Is that your desire tonight? Amen. My duty, my responsibility, we was born for a purpose and that's to be a lightbearer to this dying generation. Amen. And all he needs us to do is to yield ourselves to him. Are we willing to do that tonight as we bow our heads? Oh God, thank you Lord Jesus. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places. Thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. You are all I've ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Hallelujah. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. [Music] Find my dry and broken places thirsty for your [Music] love. Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. [Music] You are all I ever need. Come and make me. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. [Music] Oh friends, is that your desire tonight more than just a song? Even though it's such a beautiful song, but does the word speak to your heart tonight to say, "Lord, I want to take this yoke. I want to my burden, my responsibility. Lord, I've drifted. I've got caught up in this or that, but oh God, I want to turn back tonight. I want to put that yoke back on me. I want to be yolked to you, yolked to your word, yolked to your spirit, yoke to your life, that I may be a light bearer, that my friends and my neighbors and my family and my co-workers could see Jesus. You see, you may never take a a a Bible and preach a sermon, but you could live your sermon every day of your life. And if this song is more than just a song to you, but it's actually a prayer, I wonder tonight if you would just slip up to your feet and slip up your hand and say, "Lord, that's me tonight. God, pour your spirit out on me. Lord, I need you, Lord. I want to be that bearer of light. I want that re light to be manifested through me. I want to yield to what your word says I'm to be in this hour. I don't care what the world thinks. I don't care what the internet says. I see the word being manifested. Amen. Oh Lord, I was thinking that Isaiah spoke a virgin shall conceive in 800 years before that prophecy was fulfilled. And a prophet of God stood in our generation in 1954 and said, "There will come a pope out of the United States." And nine months later, the man was born. Oh God, we're living in the very hour that the words of the prophets. God, we're not just reading the quotes. We're living them. Lord, this is who we are. This is the hour. Oh God, as these things that you said it would take place, the car and the things you spoke through your prophet, the world council of churches and the mark of the beast, all these things that are coming to pass, Lord Jesus, earthquakes and diverse places, pestilence, famines, wars, rumors of wars, threats of nuclear holocaust, all these things, oh sea, raging, signs of the end time. But you said when these things begin to come to pass, then lift up your head, oh God. And we know that you'll catch this bride away when we reproduce you again on the earth. So Lord, we stand here tonight with our hearts to you, Lord. We say, "Father, I yield myself to you, Lord. I give myself away. I surrender to you tonight." Is that your prayer? Then in your own way, would you just say it in your own prayer to your own way to your Lord tonight to say, "Lord Jesus, I desire this tonight, Lord, more than anything in my life, dear God, I want to be a yielded vessel. I want to be surrendered to the purpose for being upon the earth. I want to be yolked to the gospel that I may bring forth that light. Lord Jesus, I give myself to you tonight. I surrender myself to you, Lord. Forgive me of my sins. Forgive me of my shortcomings. Forgive me of my weaknesses. Lord God, mold me into that image that you're pleased to dwell in that you can reflect yourself through. Hear our cry tonight, Lord. Hear our prayer tonight. We pray. God, may signs and wonders be wrought at our hands. Our sick will be healed. Our lost will be found. the weak will be made strong. Grant it tonight, oh God, as you promised in these last days, you would pour out your spirit, Lord Jesus. Grant it today, Lord. I lift my heart. I lift my hands to you. And I say, oh God, let me be that surrendered vessel. Let me be that surrendered life, Lord, that others may see Jesus. Grant it tonight, Lord, we pray. Grant it tonight, Lord, we pray in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places thirsty for your [Music] love. Lord, forgive me if I've wandered far away from you. [Music] You are all I ever needed. Come and make me [Music] new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like rain. [Music] My thirsty sore and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. [Music] And I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry in broken places. Thirst for your [Applause] love. Lord forgive me. I have wondered far away from you. [Music] You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new for your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you [Music] now. I need you now. for your [Music] spirit. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. [Music] Come and [Applause] quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of [Applause] heaven, feed me tear. I want know. Here's my cup. Feel it up and make me [Music] whole. Here's my cup of Lord. I lift it up. Lord, come and [Applause] quench this thirsting of my soul. [Music] of heaven. Feed me tears. I want here's my cup. Fill it up and make me [Music] whole. Feel my cup. [Music] I lift it up. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. of heaven. I want more. Here's my cup. Build it up and make me whole. [Music] Give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Give myself away. So you can use here I am. Here I stand. All my life is in your hands. Oh to see [Music] you. Give myself away. [Music] Give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use. Take my heart. in my life as a [Music] living. I place them in your hand. I give myself away so you can use. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can My life is not my own to you. I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own. To you I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is not my own to you. I belong but I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can [Applause] I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. [Music] There's a voice calling me from an old rugged tree. And it whispers draw closer to me. Leave this world far [Music] behind. There are new heights to climb. [Music] You will [Music] find whatever it takes to draw to you. That's what I'll be willing to [Music] do. And whatever it takes to be more like you. That's what I'll be willing to [Music] do. Take the new things. God bless you saints. May the Lord bless you richly. [Music] be closer to thee. Let the appointments come only days without the sun through sorrow. like you I become for whatever it takes to draw closer to [Music] you. That's what I'll be willing to do. [Music] And whatever it takes for my will to break. That's what I'll be willing to do. [Music] and whatever it takes to be more like you. Oh, that's what I'll be to. Amen. Did we enjoy the word of the Lord this evening? Amen. Let's sing a song as we go. Hoping the day star will shine upon us throughout the rest of the week and have service on Sunday morning. Amen. Liy of the valley, let your sweet fill my [Music] life. Those who share show me how to grow in beauty in God [Music] [Applause] [Music] sight of 10,000 make a reflection of your Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, let your words speak to me. Show me what I've never seen [Music] before. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. [Music] Shine on me. Let your love shine on me in the light. I see a world that's dying, wounded by the master of the sea. Roing in the darkness, haunted by the years of past defeat. [Music] And I see standing near me, Lord, shining with compassion in your [Music] eyes. Oh, star shine on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Applause] Give me I'll follow anywhere you open the door. Let your words speak to me. Show me what I've never seen. me. Lord, I want to be your witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. Oh, I pray all shine on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, leave me Lord, I'll follow. Anywhere you open, I'm the door. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
