################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-23 - Getting In The Spirit Pt179 - 07/23/2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-23
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt179 - 07/23/2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89IJ0OdvvJo
========================================

Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Blue. Happy holiday. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. to your desire. May this offering stretch across the sky, these halleluj be multiplied. Oh God of mercy, sweet love of mine, I have surrender to your desire. May this offering stretch across the sky. These hallelujah be multiplied. Oh God of mercy, sweet love of mine, I have surrendered to your desire. May this offerings stretch across the sky. These hallelujah will be bold to mine. Oh God of mercy, sweet love and mine. I have surrender to your desire. May this offering stretch across the skies, this halleluj. Oh, let's sing it to him one more time tonight. Oh, thank God of mercy. God of mercy, sweet love of mine, I have surrender to your design. May this offering stretch across the sky. Hallelujah. Be multiplied. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. How many's happy to be in his house this evening? Amen. Once again, the opportunity we have to praise and worship our Lord tonight. Amen. And there's quite a few um uh announcements and things tonight. So I want to read you a little card here um from Sister Ruth Anne Carter. It says uh word to Word of Life Church. I want to thank you all. I want to thank all the people who called sent cards, checks, money in lie of flowers, visited at the funeral home, also sent flowers to the funeral home. My heart was touched by all the people from church who came all that way. I don't think Mack would have believed he was loved so much. I will never uh forget your kind words about Mac and the outpouring of love. May God richly bless all of you. Love and prayers, Sister Ruth Anne. So, I know we certainly want to continue to remember her in prayer. I was talking to her out there Sunday. I tell you, I don't know if I ever had sang a song that brother M didn't come up to me after church and like I you know he he was just one sweet man telling you how much he appreciated you. So he'll certainly be missed among us. Amen. I know she certainly misses him. So we certainly want to just continue to lift her up before the Lord. Um the family of Sister Ruth Ward want to wish her a 94th happy birthday tomorrow. Amen. So, happy birthday to Sister Ruth tomorrow. One more announcement. Uh, there will be a career day. There will be a career day event on August the 1st at 700 p.m. in the fellowship hall. All ages, young and old, will be invited to invited and encouraged to attend. Then we have 100 volunteers from the assembly who are devoted uh to showcasing their vocations. Updates are on the bulletins in the vestibule. Food trucks will be available for guests to purchase food and drinks. Uh there'll be a meeting this Sunday, July the 27th, right after service. Please attend for all the details. And there'll be also be a signup sheet in the library for all the guests who will be attending. Amen. So keep that in mind. The career day coming up on uh Friday, August the 1st at 700 p.m. Um some testimonies turned in tonight. Uh, Sister Sandy Bagot said, "Last Wednesday at 1:30 in the morning, Jim went into respiratory arrest. It was a terrifying experience, but God, rich in mercy, came on the scene and all is well tonight." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I guess it's testimony service tonight, so bear with me. Sister Carolyn McKenna uh wants to thank the Lord for completely taking her off of her arthritis medication. She is painfree after 35 years. Also is down to one blood pressure pill a day from three. And the doctor himself is calling it a miracle. God is so good. Amen. Amen. Another testimony tonight. Uh Sister Phoebe Torres. It says, "God is so good to us." Some of you know that my brother is dealing with colurectal cancer after having 30 rounds of chemotherapy and radiation. He had a couple of scans showing that he had a very large lymph node, probably infected with cancer, and they needed to biopsy. It uh today he was scheduled for the biopsy. Says she had went up for prayer for him in the prayer line. Also went back and asked brother Donnie to pray for a prayer cloth. Uh she took the prayer cloth to her brother. He placed it in the area. It said her brother was very thankful for it. After he placed it on the area, uh didn't think anything about it. today when he went to have the biopsy they they couldn't do the biopsy because the large lymph node was not showing on the scans just being a regular lymph node. So now the doctors want to proceed with the surgery. God has performed another miracle tonight. So amen. Praise the Lord for those testimonies tonight. Amen. This time we just want to read the prayer request this evening. One member, brother Gregor Robbins having a lot of pain in his lower back tonight. Uh, Sister Barbara Gravely has a lot of pain in her head and heart. Brother Bert's back and hip started to hurt him again. He'd be going back to the doctor for that. Also want to remember brother Carter Lawson's niece Karen. Uh, she has a serious infection, a lot of pain, needs a touch from the Lord tonight. Please remember brother Von Goo and Sister Angela traveling to Memphis tonight. Her grandfather passed away. So, we certainly remember that need tonight. uh Sister Brandy Anon dealing with some health issues in her body. Appreciate your prayers, trusting God to move on her behalf. I want to please remember tonight uh brother David Longoria. This brother Homer's son battling cancer is really needing a touch from the Lord. So we certainly want to lift him up before the Lord tonight in our prayers. Also, Brother Brian Chapman emailed a a request just requesting prayer for himself. not feeling well, uh won't won't be able to be in the service tonight. So, we certainly want to remember our brother this evening. Amen. In our prayers, how many has a need tonight? Amen. Your personal need be you to hold your hand up before the Lord this evening. Amen. Brother, will you come take the request before the Lord? I ain't going to tell you. I forgot your name. I know. Well, I tell you, I'm a new grandpa. I don't know if y'all all knew that or not, but I was I was threatened not to announce that they're here this evening, but it's my grandbaby, and you got to see her. So, just don't turn around now. But my new little grandbaby's here tonight. Praise the Lord. Thankful for a safe birth. And mama's doing well. Daddy's surviving. Grandpa's doing great. So, thank the Lord for that. Amen, brother Keith. Thank you, buddy. Let's just stand tonight. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; We are going to have a wonderful service tonight. &gt;&gt; See, I got upsetting news before I came from work, but I began to rejoice and praise the Lord because I know that's the devil's tactic. &gt;&gt; He trying to turn me around. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But we're going to have a good service, aren't we? Let's everybody pull and pray together. Heavenly Father, we love you so much and we thank you so much for all you're doing for us. things that we cannot see, things that we do see. But Father, many of the afflictions of the righteous in the bodies, in the minds, in the spirit, but you take care of us, Father. We're your children. We can trust in you. We can rest in you, knowing that you have the answer that we need. If we'll just ask and apply faith and patience, we'll get there. Father, speak to us from your word. Meet the needs of your people, Father. And maybe Lord, it's people that just have heard about how you heal or you've put it on the hearts of your people to pray for somebody else. But Lord, as Peter and them did, they freely receive. They freely give back. So we commit this service into your hands and give glory to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing this course tonight as the brothers come receive the evening offering at this time. leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, what a fellowship. What a joy to find. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I with my Lord so near leaning on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning leaning safe and secure from all alarms. Yes, I'm leaning leading leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way. Leading on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning. Leading safe and secure from all alarms. Yes, I'm leading leading leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, what a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessedness. What a peace is my leaning on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning leaning. I'm safe and secure from all alarms. Yes, I'm leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting. Sing that first verse. What have I to dread? What have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms, I have blessed peace with my Lord so near. Leading on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leading leading. I'm safe and secure from all the alarms. Yes, I'm leaning leading leaning on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning leaning. I'm safe and secure from all alarms. Yes, I'm leaning leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms. In his arms. I feel protected in his arms. Never disconnected. No, in his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather rather be. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms. In his arms. I feel protected. In his arms. Never disconnected. No. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather rather be. Oh, let's sing that to him one more time tonight. Oh, in his arms I feel protected, brother Josiah. Oh, in his arms I'm never disconnected. No, in his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather rather be. Oh, falling in love. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. Amen. How many can say amen tonight? Is that the best thing you've ever done? Falling in love with him tonight. Amen. Josiah, brother Harry's going to sing for us tonight. Give our singers a nice hand as you're seated this evening. This is my worship. And this is my offering. In every moment, I withhold nothing. I'm learning to trust you. Even when I can't see it. And even in suffering, I have to believe it. And if you say it's wrong, then I'll say no. If you say release, I'm letting go. If you're in it with me, I'll begin. When you say to jump, I'm diving in. If you say be still, then I will wait. If you say to trust, I will oy. I don't want to follow my own ways. I'm done chasing feelings. Spirit lead me. I felt like a burden, but once I could grasp it. You took me further, further than I was asking. And simply to see you, it's worth it all. My life is an altar. Let your fire fall. If you say it's wrong, then I'll say no. If you say release, I'm letting go. If you're in it with me, I'll begin. When you say to jump, I'm diving in. If you say be still, then I will wait. If you say to trust, I will oy. Teach me how to follow in your ways. I'm done chasing feelings. Spirit lead me. Spirit lead me. When all hope is gone and your word is all I've got, I have to believe you still bring water from the rock to satisfy my thirst. You love me at my worst. And even when I don't remember, you remind me of my worth. I don't trust my ways. I'm trading in my thoughts. I'm making everything cuz you're all that I want. I've landed on my knees. This is a cup you have for me. And even when it don't make sense, I'm going to let your spirit leave. I'm going to let your spirit leave. I'm going to let your spirit lead. I'm going to let your spirit lead. So spiritally lead me. Spirit lead me. Spiritally lead me. Holy Spirit lead me. And if you say it's wrong, then I'll say no. If you say release, I'm letting go. If you're in it with me, I'll begin. And when you say to jump, I'm diving in. If you say be still, then I will wait. If you say to trust, I will oy. You're the only truth the way untaste and feed the days. So spirit lead me. Spirit lead me. Holy Spirit lead me G. This an old song we've sung a lot. You help me if you will. Some morning when I stand in God's wonderful city, where the light of heaven's glory will never grow dim. And I shake hands with the Savior who gave me life eternal. I'd like to talk it over with him. I'd like to kneel down and talk it all over with him. I'd like to say it, Lord. How could you love me when my path was so dim? I can not repay him. Oh, when I meet him in that city above, but I'd like to talk it over and thank him for his Wonderful love. We'll be singing hallelujah forever and ever. For we're told the cup of gladness he'll feel to the brim. But I know that I have brought him some deep tears of sorrow. I'd like to talk it over with you. I'd like to kneel down and talk it all over with him. I'd like to say, Lord, my Lord, how could you love me when my path was so dear? I can not repay him. Oh, when I meet him in that city above, but I'd like to talk it over and thank him for his Wonderful love. I like to kneel down and talking all over with you. I like to say Lord, thank you Lord for loving me when my path was so deep. I can not repay him. When I meet him in that city, what I've lost, to talk it over and thank him for his Wonderful love. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, it may not be quite like we sing. Most of these songwriters and even working on inspiration. its inspiration through glass. It's only partially lit up and they write of their perspective looking at it from now. Once we get there, we may not have a lot of questions really. When the prophet went beyond the curtain of time, it was not those people there asking him questions because of lack of understanding. It was him asking them. And the reason was because he had not actually went through the sleep of death because in that word formed body they had the answers. He asked this, they answered. He asked this, they answered. He asked this. They answered. But we do know, Lord, when we get there that day, that our time with you will be so sacred and so precious to us. Each of us, no doubt, think about what it'll be like when it's our time when we get to see you face to face. But Lord, there's one thing we know for sure. You've made a way for us that we can get there. that is settled what all will happen the way it'll come about. You chose not to make that so clear to us and it must be for a reason. Well, we know that you made the vital things, the required things, you made them clear to us and that's the way to get there. So once we get there, then all these other things no doubt will just be unfolded. And we know that your being is so great and so awesome that through eternity, you will still be revealing yourself. So we have so much to look forward to. Lord, I hold in my hand tonight three prayer calls and you know the needs of all these individuals. I'm asking you for your mercy tonight, Father, healing, deliverance. Jesus, would you move by your power? We thank you for the opportunity that we could be gathered together as we come to pull our feet as it were under your table. Once again, before we eat this meal, we want to bow our heads and say, "Thank you &gt;&gt; for the supper that you provided for us tonight. It will not be bread and wine, but it'll be the unfailing body word of the son of man as we will feed upon it to nourish us and strengthen us Lord for the battles of life. Be with us we pray tonight father in Jesus name we ask and the church said &gt;&gt; amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? I just was kind of curious if anybody had been tried with their patience since Sunday. &gt;&gt; I told Carol, "I ain't never preaching on patience in my life again." &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; But of course, I was only teaching. Carol and Lis and I left here Sunday going to Kentucky and got on the other side of Knoxville and I picked up a piece of metal and our front tire on our car. Cut the sidewall. Couldn't be rep re patched and replaced. Had to be replaced. I called AAA of which I have been a proud member since 1986. &gt;&gt; Wow. and they told me my membership had it expired in November of 24. &gt;&gt; So, would you like to share with me your trial of patience? Anybody need to know anything about the aisles in Walmart? Because Carol and Lis and I walked up and down them aisles and up and down them aisles for over two hours waiting for them to replace a tire for us. at Walmart. I hate Walmart on a good day. &gt;&gt; Now, I wanted to share this with y'all tonight just in case some of you all had the office Monday that ever was to realize you wasn't by yourself. &gt;&gt; But ain't God good? &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. &gt;&gt; So, we're walking through Walmart and Carol said, "Well, think about it. The Lord may have spared us from a terrible accident." I said, "Did it take three hours before you have need of patience?" &gt;&gt; And I said, "Amen, Lord." So, everybody can quit sweating. I'm not preaching on patience tonight. We're going back to Eleaser. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Thank God." Genesis chapter 24 verse 53. Praise the Lord. So if you're wondering about my AAA, they reinstated it, but they also charged me an extra $60 because I had to wait, you know, cuz I need service that day. So we sat there and wait, wait and wait, and the guy shows up about 45 minutes later, puts the Spirit on and then tells me you can only drive 50 m hour. can only drive this car for 50 mi. I said, "What am I going to do?" He said, "That's up to you." So, we went up to one, exit 122, North 75, went into Walmart, and thank God they had a tire. I don't care if it's made in China. &gt;&gt; I don't care if it's made in Timbuktu. I did not want to drive 50 miles an hour. Praise the Lord. That's life, ain't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. But ain't God good? Yes. &gt;&gt; I said, "Ain't God good?" &gt;&gt; Genesis 24:53. Now, there's one thing we know for sure. Rebecca's fixing to take off on that camel train, and she was not going to have a flat &gt;&gt; cuz camels don't have tires. But no doubt, she had a lot of questions. I wonder all the emotions. I made a note of it this evening that she must have experienced on this 450 mile or so journey on the back of a camel. I wonder the worry, the anxiety mixed with happiness and excitement and all that together. Sort of like our journey. Genesis 24:53. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver and jewels of gold and rayment and gave them to Rebecca. Now remember this is her personal gift from her bridegroom. And he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. and they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tried all night. Then rose up in the morning, and he said, "Send me away unto my master." Now, everything had gone really good until he preaches to them a message of separating from those who are not bride. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Then they start having some issues. So he rose up early in the morning and he said, "Send me away unto my master." So now remember, they just met this man the day before. He's asking them to release their 16-year-old daughter to go with him on a 450 mile plus journey. Now notice, and her brother and her mother said, "Let the damsel abide with us a few days, at least 10." After that, she shall go. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. There's something about a higher call that always demands separation from unbelief. Now, by that I don't mean that we don't speak to people and we're not nice to people and try to do everything we can to express the Lord Jesus and his mercy that he's given to us to others. But as far as agreeing, being nice doesn't mean we harmonize our doctrinal beliefs with people that don't believe what you believe. But we're nice. We're Christians. We have a good attitude toward them. But in this case, it was going to require total separation from her brother and from her mother's house, never to return again. There's no scriptural record or no historical record that I've been able to find that after she leaves their house, she ever even makes one visit back to see her family. Are you talking about a sacrifice for this young lady? No wonder it took an angelic visitation to make it so profound and supernatural to her that it would help calm her doubts and her fears. Now remember, don't make these characters in the Bible so supernatural and so phenomenal that they did not have some of the same battles that you and I have. No doubt they did or they could never be used as our examples. So it has went well thus far. She's responded at the well. She responded by her works, her actions, and her verbiage, her word. So he said something, she responded the right way. He said something, she acted the right way. So actions plus word is being read in to this image that is being formed in this messenger's mind. Now he knows his master Abraham and his master's son. He must size up as we would say this young woman. Will she be a perfect fit for Isaac? As I've said before, most of us would not want this responsibility to take this girl back and say, "Okay, she's the one." Isaac didn't second guessess him. Abraham didn't second guessess him. He took her straight back, met him in the middle of the field to she jumped off the camel, took her to his mother's tent, and he knew her as his wife. So much for greet and meet. So much for getting to know her. You talking about trusting this servant. They don't even have a formal meet and greet. How are you? My name is Isaac. My name is Rebecca. But he sees him out in the field. They see him. He sees her. She lights off the camel. He takes her straight to his mother's tent and goes into her and knows her as his wife. What could have happened in this journey that made this woman so want to surrender everything she was to this man? And this man so trusted his messenger that he believed this messenger would serve him faithfully. Oh my. And it would happen in such a rapid pace. Unbelievable. &gt;&gt; Unless of course it's supernatural. Now watch. The servant brought forth jewels of silver and jewels of gold and raignment and gave them to Rebecca. No jewels of gold, no jewels of silver, no raignment to Laban and her mother. They are not dressed for the wedding. &gt;&gt; You know why? They won't be there. &gt;&gt; But now watch, he does give them things. They are benefited by his appearing. They hear the bride call, but it's not personal to them. &gt;&gt; Now, they're in the process of a bride being called out. They see the interaction going on between the bride and the messenger and the men's servants. But it's not exactly for them. How strange. But yet, I wonder if it's not went on exactly the same way and every age since then. &gt;&gt; And believe it or not, it's going on tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; So there's something between God's messengers and the recipients of the message that is totally different than the people who associate with those who receive the bride call. They may be part of them, part of their family, love them, have respect for them, even have a good word to say about the messenger, &gt;&gt; but somehow they connect to it in a different way. It's at a distance for them. And to be honest, they feel quite at home with that distance. but not the bride. Rebecca did not refuse the gold, nor the silver, nor the raignment. Now, we know Laban well enough to know the way he loved money, he would not have rejected the gold nor the silver either, but he could not receive it because of the type that it was being set up. This was the bride's gift from the groom and Laban definitely was not bride. &gt;&gt; Now I want you to notice that in the parallel of what God has done in our day. Excuse me. Again, God sent another messenger. Now, he sent Paul. And Paul likened himself of course to being the friend of the bridegroom as John the Baptist did. And Paul, even though we have no scripture written saying that Paul had that authority, but it was revealed to Paul that he did. Yet Peter never said that he espoused them to Christ. &gt;&gt; Nor did James, nor did John. &gt;&gt; Is that true? Yet Paul said he did. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; So here Paul had a special affinity bringing the message of the day. And and to be honest with you, of all the apostles, he still has an special affinity with the bride of this day. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Where would we be if we did not have the Pauline epistles as they are so called? So think now that God makes a special affinity between men that are of this caliber that are different even than the other men who are their helpers. Now I believe that God has men today that are called to take this message and preach it as the prophet told us that they would. But will the bride ever have that same affinity with their pastor or their favorite evangelist or teacher that she does with that prophet messenger of the age? No, she won't. Now, you have a special love for your pastor. You should anyway. And that love for your pastor is different than a love for your your evangelist that you really like or a teacher that you really like. But there's something about that prophet messenger that even carried beyond the curtain of time that whenever he went there, here come all these millions of people in that sixth dimension and they were screaming our precious brother, our precious brother. Now, if I go by the way of the grave and I'm carried up into that sixth dimension, there might be 25 or 30 or 40, maybe 100, I don't know. There might be a handful of people that will come up running up to me and saying, "Our precious brother." People that I've helped along the way, but I will never have the place in the economy of God that the prophet messenger will have. Brother Donnie, don't that bother you? Not one bit. &gt;&gt; It don't bother me at all. Remember, it was not promised to me and brother Daryl and the other brother ministers here in our church that a huge portion of heaven awaited me. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. But it is to certain ones and the church said, &gt;&gt; "So, it's the same with Eleazar. Now, he has a great reward, but he has a great responsibility." Now these other men that are with him, he could not do this by himself. He had to have them along with him. And they were helpers in bearing the message and also bearing the bride back to Isaac. I want you to get this in your mind. Elizer did not go by himself, pack all this stuff by himself, did not load up all the camels by himself. He did not bring her back by himself, but he had men that were with him. And word of life said, &gt;&gt; that's right. So now think here. I want you to notice now that brother Brandham whenever he was sent in this age that it was not just the bride alone that would be benefited by his ministry. As a matter of fact, by the one commission from the angel of God, millions of people became Christians. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; By the commission to that one man. &gt;&gt; Millions &gt;&gt; of Christians. probably some of your parents or grandparents or or people in your family that got saved actually attributed from one generation down to another to another. And it came because of the results of that one commission to that one little insignificant the way the world would look at it Kentucky Hillbilly. Now I want you to listen to this as he describes as I was with Moses a few years ago when I started. There was none of that going on. He's talking about the supernatural and the great miracles and things that that happened. And he said there was none of that going on. The only thing that this has done and this supernatural has wakened ministers out of the sensebound sensebound realm. Listen. Listen what Pentecost had become. Listen what Isuza Street had turned into. A sensebound realm. &gt;&gt; Listen friend. sense bound. What are you talking about, brother Donnie? Feelings, emotions, great estatic this and ecstatic that, jumping, running. We believe in all that, do we not? &gt;&gt; But believe me, I run and jumped and I seen it done. Oh yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Great things that could happen. And whenever the music all stopped, what happened to the victory then? Come on. &gt;&gt; Then it become it was in this realm that he so well identified sense bound. Now I mentioned it to you Sunday about watering plants that if you water those plants shallow and you water you shallow water those plants then the roots instead of going deeper in the ground will reach up to the top of the ground and they will grow right around the top of the ground. And when we get these 92 and 93 degree days is going to happen in the next five or six days, you know what's going to happen to them if you don't want them? They're going to die because an inch and a half to 2 in deep. And that sun is going to dry that ground out and it's going to crack and bust open and them roots laying right under the surface will die. And that plant will dry up and die. And that's the way sensebound Christians are. They're strong and they're great in faith as long as they're having dreams and visions and sensation and emotions, but let if God lets them go through a dry spell for about a month or two or three, then they think God's forsook them. They don't know what in the world's going on. You know why? Sensebound realm. &gt;&gt; But real faith can say amen when you're shouting. Real faith can say praise God when you're shouting. And real faith can say praise God when you ain't shouted in 6 months. &gt;&gt; If it's so dry, you know, it seemed like it's like out on the desert somewhere. Real faith can say I believe him. The Lord give and the Lord took away blessed be the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now notice what that developed into that great move which started in 1906. Notice this year in 1951. And he he's re rehearsing now what God did by the commission from the angel of God to where now notice what that God wanted to do to bring them from the sensebound realm into a place to where they see God is present. That's an awesome thing to see that God is present whether you feel him or whether you don't. I hope everybody here tonight sees that and believes that. How many's ever been through them dry spots in your life and it felt like God was a million miles away and you'd give anything if you just knew he even knew your address? And yet whenever you realize that this is what the message is to bring to us that his omnipotence is omnipresence is always with us and in us whether we feel it or not. Now notice this is what he's supposed to do then to bring them where they see God is present to that that they take his word and start a healing campaign and God heals the sick. Now that's exactly see search it through anywhere you want to and see if there's any more supernatural than that. That's right. But wonderful what God is doing. He started a universal revival of the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Now, we're very thankful for that. And where did it come from? By the Eleer Anatite sent to call a bride. But with that commission, it was going to start revival fires and the Assembly of God and the Church of God and the Baptist and the Cleveland Assembly and the Northern Assembly and the Methodist and the this and that and the other. They was going to have such outpourings of the spirit of God and great revivals was going to be on every fire. Revival fires he called it lit on every hill. And where did it come from? that one commission to his Eleer servant. &gt;&gt; Now, they would rejoice in his original commission and they would go to his meetings for healing and he would preach some really phenomenal things and start letting things out even in the 50s about the Serpent Sea. And there was some guys that was with him that whatever he preached on the serpent sea and they let them tapes out in the early years. And brother Brandham makes an apology and he said, "Now I I know some of you all got that tape." And he said, "I'm real sorry. You know, them boys that did that, they're not with me anymore. I I I'm real sorry that it got out among them." Now, why is he apologizing for the truth? He's not apologizing for the truth. He's apologizing because it was not the season for it quite to be let out yet. You see, the bride was still mauling around in Pentecost and Baptist and the organization and it could absolutely hinder some of them if they got the season mixed up. &gt;&gt; So then of course he apologized, you know, I'm very sorry that that happened. But as it moved on after the opening of the seals and then he said people said, "I've got to withdraw my tapes." He said, "I ain't withdrawing them. I'm making more." Now notice what happened. The son of man had now moved into the stage of his ministry. And it was not what people thought all of these years that it was going to be the phenario, which is the visible return of the son of man. But it was going to be the spiritual return of the son of man that would be when he is revealed revealed apocalyppsis that the cover would be took off of the son of man. So it was not that it was going to be a corpal return. Now remember Jesus was the one that quoted these in Luke 21:36, Matthew 24:24 and and all these other places and said the son of man, the son of man, the son of man. And he was the one that altered it. And what have theologians done? They took the same terminology and applied every one of them to the same appearing of the son of man. That ain't what Jesus even said in the first place. He used two and three different Greek words at times whenever he would say his appearing or his coming. So one of them is simply a manifestation of his person when the cover is took off to where some people will be allowed to see him as he is. And it won't be just in that corporal return at that time. And we're looking for that, are we not? But when we're talking about the manifestation of the son of man that has already been here in the last days, that is not the corporal return, but it is the apocalypsis that the cover has been took off of him. And we see oh my oh that that's him. That's his person. That's the way he's revealing himself. How do we know him? By the way he breaks the bread. And then the prophet there in 1960 would say, "I'm not here to tell you that he's coming, but I'm here to tell you he is here." &gt;&gt; Well, my goodness, that was before 63. That was before the angels appeared down there. What was it? It's a manifestation of fan of real also. So, the cover is being taken off. But will everybody see that? They won't. Will they believe it? Oh, some of them if they hear me preaching about it tonight, they'll make fun of me and there'll be another YouTube video made about me, don't doubt within a week or two, you know, talking about what an idiot I am and how stupid I am. Well, if you're going to tell us something, tell us something we don't already know. We already know that. So, you know, but I have the ability, I'm unlike the folks that have left the message. I'll have the ability to listen to the tapes and hear the human side. But I don't just hear the voice of a Kuckan, but I also hear the voice behind the voice. And that's the one that's calling me. You see, the human side does not make me stumble. If I would have lived in the days of Noah and I found out that Mo that Mo had got drunk, I wouldn't go back and destroy everything that that man ever said and said, "That man was a false prophet. That man building that ark." Well, he's off the word. That man got drunk. According to your Bible, Moses, if id have lived in his day and I found out that Moses didn't even circumcise his own son, come on, somebody, let's have church tonight. Would we have put up a YouTube video and said, "Why I no longer follow the cult." Moses leader, that man was a cult. He was out there telling all the rest of us to circumcise our kids. And now we've got the news. Flash news. Moses didn't even have his own boy circumcised and God met him down at the end and God was going to kill him. &gt;&gt; And that's your prophet. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You lived in that day and you said, "Are you going to follow that man called Moses?" Why God? He must have been so low down and so rotten that God was going to kill him. And you know who saved his life? His wife did. and his wife circumcised her son and took the foreskin and throwed it at his feet and said, "You're a bloody husband to me." Remember the prophet said that Moses had a real bad temper and he said Zapora had a real bad temper. He said, "I can imagine they had some pretty rough times out there in the desert." &gt;&gt; So what if you'd have lived in that age and you'd walk by Moses and Zapora's tent and you heard them fussing and growling like two badgers. And boy, she said, "You say that to me, Mosy, and I'll pick up this frying pan and hit you on the side of the head." He said, "Zipper, you better zip that lip because I'll tell you one thing. I'm a prophet of God. You want me to call fire down out of heaven? You better zip your lip, woman." And sis, I'm getting tired of you, Mosy. Here I come with this number nine frying pan. And you walked by and you went to your home and said, "Dear God, have mercy. You won't believe what I just heard. I heard our prophet messenger and his wife in the office argument that you can imagine. I've always wondered them bruises on his face. I I just thought he, you know, I never really realized she smacked him &gt;&gt; and I never realized, you know, now it's it's finally come out. We've got the truth exposed that Moses was so busy in his ministry that he didn't even circumcise his own son. &gt;&gt; Brother, &gt;&gt; come on. &gt;&gt; You see, I have the ability to look at prophets and I don't have to make them God. &gt;&gt; They can be men. They can fall short of the glory of God. They can make mistakes cuz every prophet of God did that lived on the earth except for the God prophet and that was Jesus Christ. Paul made them. Come on somebody. John made them. Jeremiah made them. Ezekiel made them. They all make them. So if you're going to stop following prophets because they made mistakes. Guess what? You might as well destroy the most of your Bible because it was written by God's prophets. But I thank God that God used men that are full of flaws. I can follow men that make mistakes. I can't follow a man that never admits when he's wrong. I can't follow a man that'll never tell you I fell short of the glory of God. There's something wrong with that hypocrite. Come on, somebody. Oh, hallelujah. that I can get right in line behind a man that'll say, "Pray for me that I'll regain that love I lost during that complex." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Amen. Notice this. And seeds on air of the shop. When the message first started out, it was of course everybody was praying for the sick. great signs, wonders, and miracles that started especially in the Pentecostal people. A universal revival of healing campaigns that swept the world. &gt;&gt; For 15 solid years, there's been revivals on every hill there is. I suppose revival fires burning. Literally millions have accepted Christ as their savior by that one commission. So Laban and Rebecca's mother benefited greatly. The Assembly of God, the Church of God, the Baptist, the Methodist, the Presbyterian. They ain't no telling how many of them they've got because God's prophet back in the 50s prayed for a grandfather that fathered a son and then they had another one and now they may be your cousin or may even be you and he prayed for them. One of the main enemies against this message right now that's trying to promote his books and all that bunch of nonsense. Had it not been for a prayer from the prophet of God, this man wouldn't even be alive today. &gt;&gt; Because when his relative was at the age of nine or 10, whatever it was, with leukemia and was given up to die, not live, and God's prophet prayed for him. Had he not live, this man would have never been alive himself. But instead of following the word, he's become one of the worst enemies that there is of it. God. And one day when they stand before Almighty God, you imagine when they walk up before the throne and the judgment of God's going to look them in the eye, what will be their answer then? I'll tell you one thing, friend. I don't plan on walking before the judgment throne of God. Do you? I believe with all of my heart, I have something in me. I believe you have something in you to respond to this message. I don't just want precious things. I want gold. I want silver. I want raignment. Oh, hallelujah. They got conversions. They got churches. They got this or that. I want the bridegroom. Don't just give me gifts from the bridegroom. I want the bridegroom himself. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Think of the thousands of people that were healed and saved. &gt;&gt; That's right. under or Robert's ministry &gt;&gt; and where did he get a lot of his influence from Eluser &gt;&gt; T Oburn traveled all over the world all you got to do is a little casual church search rather on YouTube and you'll find assembly of God Pentecostals you'll find different ones of them making videos and I personally think God allows them people to do it to be a voice against those others unbelievers that's doing what they're doing and no doubt they'll stand right there and condemn them at the day of judgment &gt;&gt; cuz they saw the great things of God. tell husband daughter I saw a video of her the other day there she said bobbed hair makeup on everything else look like I don't know what and talking about the supernatural that she saw as a little girl and the presence of being around that that prophet of God why they benefited what did Tail Osman do went and nailed his door shut and stayed there until God dealt with him in a supernatural way or Roberts all the rest of me said those ministry actually come out of here and yet thousands times thousands of people benefited. But when it comes to the message, &gt;&gt; oh well now &gt;&gt; you see at the end &gt;&gt; he got off. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Got off of what? Amen. &gt;&gt; Where they say he got off is what we identify as the revealing of the opening of the word. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You see, now it's honed in that the messenger saying, "Let me go with Rebecca." The talks have been favorable. Things had went nice. So he gives them gifts. They eat, they sleep, they rest, they get up in the morning before daylight. They have now given to them the more heart. It was a payment actually for the family's loss cuz she was leaving. Verse 54. They did eat and drink. And he and the men that were with him, terried all night, and they rose up early in the morning, and he said, "Send me away unto my master." Let me tell you something. If you want to know if a man's a real servant of God, this right here is a dead giveaway. Watch him in his mission. Watch him in his testimonies. Watch him in every aspect of his life and see if he interjects himself. I did this. I did that. I did that. I did that. I did that. You notice this model servant here? None of that is brought into view. It's not about him. It's not about his personality. I love the way Moses even wrote this in the scripture because he doesn't even mention this servant by name. &gt;&gt; He mentions him by position and office. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. His whole focus is his master. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Send me away unto my master. and her brother and her mother said, "Let the damsel abide with us a few days at at the least 10, and after that she shall go." So now here they're going to run into a little bit of difference and it's all about the time of separation. &gt;&gt; Oh, I tell you friend, this is still going on. Separation. Let the damsel abide with us for two days now. Wouldn't you think that would be reasonable? So Josh come down from Ohio and met Megan several years ago and he tells you all, "Brother Dave, Sister Becky, I really like her. I'm going to take her home with me tomorrow. He probably still wouldn't be out of the hospital. And if he was, he'd be walking like this. Dave whooped him. When Dave got done, I'd have whooped him. He's probably hearing this tonight. He's probably smiling, laughing right now. And you saying this man expects us to let our daughter go with him. We want to know about more about him. I want to research him and the who's who. &gt;&gt; You won't find him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, I've got to validate this testimony. So, we're going to send somebody over to check him out. 450 miles &gt;&gt; one way. Two and a half months, he comes back. Eleer said, "No, she's going with me and we're leaving today." &gt;&gt; Well, looks like to me, he's getting a little bit bossy now, ain't he? &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. I picked up the first thing about the warning of the cult. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. &gt;&gt; When they go to pulling them away and isolating them, he's fixing to pull her away now from her family. He didn't break no red Kool-Aid, did he? No, I got blue tonight. Oh, you got to watch him now. Certain things, 15 things to watch for in a cult. And when you read them 15 things, you put Jesus in there, Moses in there, Jeremiah in there, Ezekiel in there, every move of God. Who you figure come up with them 15 things? Oh, slew through it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Now you imagine that as it goes to getting a little bit sticky. So he says, no, no, no, no. She's going and we're leaving today. I said, now wait a minute. Uhhuh. I tell you one thing now. I don't know about that. I mean, you know, we're really just taking your word for this this one man message stuff and all that sort of thing and and you're you're the only one. You you say you're the only one and then this is the only camel train and and if you don't get on that camel train, she ain't going boy. I tell you, the more we get into this, I tell you it sound like to me it ain't nothing but a c straight up and down. &gt;&gt; I love this. The prophet said, "Then there was another great decision that had to be made after she was given." Then the parents said, "Well, just let her stay around about 10 days. Just let her hang around the revival and really feel whether she's decided to do it or not." I love the way he says this. I haven't gotten much confidence in a person make a decision to wait even until tomorrow. Right. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm trying to make up my mind if I'm going to serve Jesus. &gt;&gt; I'm 85 years old and I've been thinking about him since I was three. &gt;&gt; Well, more than likely you never will. &gt;&gt; If it took you that many years to decide whether you want to serve him, there probably nothing in you know. &gt;&gt; Brother Donnie, you shouldn't say that. But I should. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Some of you have been waiting for years to get the Holy Ghost. What are you waiting on? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; You're waiting to give up this in your life and waiting to move away from this this family or that family or whatever it is. This person ain't good for me. I know they ain't but I can't let go of them. What do you mean? &gt;&gt; If you know somebody's influencing you the wrong way. What are you doing still hanging around them? If you're not careful, the devil would desensitize you and the next thing you know, you're in a trap and cannot get out. &gt;&gt; I haven't got much confidence in a person and make a decision to wait even until tomorrow. But the message had stirred Rebecca. She was satisfied. The message was from God. Any Rebecca's in here tonight? Are you satisfied the message is from God? &gt;&gt; So the parents said, "Oh, let her stick around a while. She'll she'll get over it." Uh-huh. Now we get to the real terrier motive. She'll get over it. No, she wouldn't. Even if she would have stayed 10 days, she still wouldn't have got over it. She is love struck. I tell you one thing, she has been smoked. The angel of God come by and hit her. She is one loves sick girl. She is so lovesick for that man and she ain't never seen him in her life. She's 16 and he's 40. &gt;&gt; I don't know how much he weighed. I don't know if he's pot belly, if he's skinny as a rail. I don't know if he is ugly, if he is cute. I don't have an idea. The Bible don't go into it none at all. But it must have been such a supernatural love that it was greater than the love she had for her mother. I wish somebody hear me tonight. If you don't love Jesus more than you love your mother or your father or your husband or your kid or your pastor or anybody else, you have an idol in your life. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Wow. She'll get over it. It's just a little excitement. &gt;&gt; She was over to that revival, you know. And then then that true servant said, "Don't worry us. Don't hinder me." A lot of the servants of God had been hindered by put off decisions. &gt;&gt; Don't hinder me seeing that the Lord has sent me. Seeing that he's been good to me. Don't hinder me. Then they said, "Well, let her make her own decision." That's where you stand tonight. Make your own decision. And then they called Rebecca and said, "Will you go with this man or do you want to stay around a little while?" I want you to notice compromise how it works. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; They was not saying, "Oh, we're we thought he was moving here. There ain't no way. I mean, she ain't leaving our church. You mean you expect us to let her go there? Will you bring her back?" No. This is one way. &gt;&gt; No return ticket. &gt;&gt; You may never see her again. &gt;&gt; Say goodbye and say how many ever you think you need because she may never come back again. And brother, sister, if you ever get her right, you'll never go back to that denomination. You'll never go back to the trash of the world. Hallelujah. If you ever get it right and get sealed in your soul by the Holy Ghost, the devil ain't got one thing in this world that could ever entice you or tempt you or pull you away from this love of the Lord Jesus Christ. Why? Because you have been smitten by him. And the prophet said, she said, "I &gt;&gt; will go." &gt;&gt; Now, she wasn't in there, but the same spirit that was on that prophet messenger was on her. Amen. &gt;&gt; So the bride and the messenger is saying the same thing. &gt;&gt; Now if he could have text Isaac or got him on on phone, you know what he'd been saying? Bring her on. Bring her on. So the bridegroom, the bride, and the messenger all three saying the same thing. Don't you let them handle her. If you picked her out, oh I I I can't wait to see her. I'm under such anticipation. Tell her to come on. Come on, honey. Come on. Don't you stay back down there with old lady and ain't nothing but a liar and a hypocrite. No way. You get out of there, your mama trying to hold you back in that old denomination. You imagine that all been saying the same thing cuz they're saying the same thing tonight. Come out from among them and be you a separate people, sayeth the Lord, and I will receive you unto myself. &gt;&gt; Now you realize this same scenario is playing out worldwide again. Yeah, &gt;&gt; people are being asked where you go and one by one each of us are making our decisions. Some start out and go part of the way as Lot's wife did. And she started out as an overcomer, but she didn't have it in her to go all the way. So, will you go if need be? Will you forsake your family? &gt;&gt; I know for some people family is even more than God. &gt;&gt; All right. Come on. &gt;&gt; Oh, I could never. There's no way. There's no way. If you love him right, there's a way. &gt;&gt; I'm a just telling you something from good quotes. I know from experience myself. And I'll tell you one thing. If I had to do her again, I'd do her all over again. &gt;&gt; I know what it's like. Come on, somebody. Many of you know what it's like when your family think you're an absolute nut and they think you've gone off your mind and crazy as all get out. They don't even understand. You know, brother Donnie, you have any regrets? Yeah, I've got regrets. All right. My regrets are my mistakes. I've never regretted saying these words. I will go. &gt;&gt; I will go. But I guarantee you one thing. It's going to be a lot of people in hell that'll say, I wish I would have said that same thing. I wish I would have never said I cannot go. &gt;&gt; My mama won't speak to me. My daddy won't speak to me. My cousins, my brothers, my this and that and the other. I'll be laughed at, made fun of. What in the world will they do? I their sins. &gt;&gt; But if you ever meet the angel of God, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. That's right. &gt;&gt; Let's look at another view of this. &gt;&gt; I will go. Genesis 18:20. And the Lord said, because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, because their sin is very grievious, I will go. You see, there's sometimes that man makes a decision. There's other times God makes a decision. So here God has made a a a decision based on the condition of Sodom. &gt;&gt; And God made the decision to come down when Sodom was in such an increase. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. Don't sit there and look at me like you don't know what I'm talking about. Lord have mercy. I believe our tri cities is getting worse and worse and worse with all these transgender stuff. It beats all I've ever seen in my life. Men wanting to become women. I seen one yesterday. I went to a drive-thru. It about made me sick to my stomach. Here come this guy and he his voice had already been changed and he talked like a girl, but he was definitely a boy. And you could tell he was a boy because he was trying to act too much like a girl. A girl is a real girl. Not because she puts on an act, but he was trying so hard to be a girl. It was evident that he wasn't a girl. A real Rebecca don't have to put on an act that I'm a Rebecca. She's a Rebecca. Well, hallelujah, by nature. And that's what we're seeing happen, friends, around this word. We've had a lot of actors around it. But the actors are getting cleaned out and getting out of our way. And what are we going to see? The real Rebecca. Well, the will. Rebecca, please stand up in this end time. Let your life shine. Let the manifestation of God live out of you. Rebecca, you don't have to put on. Be what you are. &gt;&gt; So God says, "I will go. He said the same thing in this day. &gt;&gt; Now the time has come that we must recognize who's in our city today. Top to Kansas 1964. The time has come. We must recognize who's in our city today. The Lord Jesus himself. What happened? He must have said the same thing. I will go down &gt;&gt; and I will bar the redeemed body of my prophet. &gt;&gt; I will have him to stand there and tell them their names, their addresses. I'll have him to tell them how many steps goes up to their house. You live on 321 North Street. You went to a doctor. Kind of heavy. That guy had on glasses this and this and this and they're going to f they're going to faint. They're going to pass out. Oh my lord. We've never heard or seen things like this in our life. And the all the carnal ones that'll follow the message of thing. It's God. It's God. It was God but not the man. It was God in behind the veil. You said, "Brother Donnie, is that what you actually believe?" That's what I actually believe. I believe God come down and use that body. You said, "How could you ever say that?" Because I believe in a greater power of the cross than you do. You see, I believe the power of the cross is so great, it could cleanse a man born in sin like you and I. Not only did that blood, Hallelujah, that the Lord Jesus walked down here born of a virgin, but it released a cleansing power so powerful that it would be able to cleanse a blood that God could come down and borrow a prophet's body and say, "Now was what? He told you the truth. &gt;&gt; That was not my voice." &gt;&gt; Amen. What about the one where he says it? This is not brother Brandham. &gt;&gt; This is I the Lord. &gt;&gt; He has surrendered his spirit to me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Do you believe in that much power of the blood? &gt;&gt; Why would that stumble people? Because they don't believe. The power of the blood is such a powerful thing. Well, listen, friend. God is still speaking. He's still baring the bodies of pastors and the bodies of evangelists and teachers. and they get up and say things that you've talked about before you come to church. &gt;&gt; That ain't your pastor. That's not your evangelist. That's the Lord Jesus sending his spirit wide getting his Rebecca ready. &gt;&gt; So God said, I will go down and see whether they have done allto together according to the cry of it. which is come up unto me and if not I will know. Genesis 45:28. And Israel said, "It is enough. My son, oh glory, imagine Joseph, my son, is yet alive. I will go." It was no time for delay. It was no time. Well, I'm going to fast about it now. I don't know if I want to go down into Egypt or not. Now, ain't that awful worldly place down there? Oh, man. He had been away for him for about 20 years now. And he said, "My boys alive. Pack up the horses." Amen. You imagine when Joseph went down through there and his brothers come back. Ah, hallelujah. And they sent them wagons. According to the Bible, they sent wagons back to Jacob's camp. You imagine as he looked down the road and here come them bunch of wagons. He said, "What in the world is that? I ain't never seen nothing like that in my life. Here they come with Egyptian horses, Egyptian tapestry, Egyptian this, and Egyptian that. And they come back and said, "Your boy is alive." And he sent us down here to get you back. What was it? Under the sound of those chariot wheels once his deliverance. Hallelujah. And he was going to meet his son. Hallelujah to God. You imagine the spirit of God anointed him. He said, "I will go." Yes, I want to go. What about it? Where do we want to go? We want to go. God spoke to him. Genesis 46:4, I will go down with thee into Egypt. No wonder Jacob didn't have a hard time going down. If my God has told me that he will go with me through trials and hardships and difficulties, &gt;&gt; by his grace, Brother Daryl, we'll face them. Amen. &gt;&gt; If your God tells you, "I will never leave you, I'll never forsake you." &gt;&gt; Now, he's saying this to you tonight. I will go with you. And he's waiting for your response. Then I will go with you. He wants you to say what he says about you. Exodus 32:30. And it came to pass on the mar that Moses said unto the people, "You have sinned, a great sin, and now I will go up unto the Lord per adventure. I shall make an atonement." You see, I will go affects so many things. It's not just good when things are rosy and things are fine. But sometimes servants of God have to say I will go and stand on your behalf. I will plead with father. I will petition with father. You see where prophets stood pre- crucifixion, precalvary, prophets became the mediator between God, hallelujah, and the people. God even said in the Old Testament, "If Daniel would hear, I would not hear his cry. If Jeremiah was here, I would not hear his prayer." Why would God say that? Because those men had such an impact on God's heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, children, can you imagine standing before God when God had a seventh angel messenger that projected right from his right hand and people going to stand before God and and answer for calling him a false prophet and a liar and a deceiver and a trickster. Oh, &gt;&gt; now I will go up into the Lord. Period. Venture. I shall make an atonement. You mean a prophet of God is going to presume. What is pursume? Venture without authority. But I love you all so much. He has not beckoned me to come into his presence. He has not beckoned me to come, but I will go. Well, I'm reminded of another I will go, little Esther. When she had not been beckoned by the king, &gt;&gt; oh, hallelujah. that her heart was so moved. She said, "I will go and if the king will reach out as scepter to me, I'll live, but if not, I will die." &gt;&gt; Read with me in Ruth chapter 1:16. And Ruth said, "Entreat me not to leave thee or to return from following after thee, for whether thou goest, I will go. Whether thou lodest, where thou lodest, I will lodge. Thy people shall be my people, and thy Elohim &gt;&gt; will be my Elohim. &gt;&gt; I will go. Don't you understand what this means to God? When his children, from all of their soul, this has happened in every age. When God sent Luther with a message, there was people that come out of that Catholic church and they said, "I will go." &gt;&gt; Go where? With Luther. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I will go with Wesley. I will go with tongues. I will go with interpretation in the early Pentecost. Then why should we be ridiculed that made fun of when we're saying the same thing our spiritual ancestors have said? I will go. I will go. Hinder me not. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; David Psalm 66:13. I will go into thy house and turn on a tape. Oh, no. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm reading here from the modern day version here, the blasphemous version. I will go into thy house with burnt offerings. I will pay thee my vows. Psalm 71:16. I will go in the strength of the Lord God. &gt;&gt; If you don't get nothing else out of this service, I hope you get this one verse. I don't care what you're facing. But realize you're not going in your own strength. He's done said it. I will go with you. I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. He's waiting for your confession to match his. Remember the prophet said he's the high priest of our confession. He can only do for us in heaven what we say on earth he's doing. &gt;&gt; Well, if you say he's forsaken me, he's not around me. He's not this. He cannot act on that confession. But he's saying I'll never leave you. I'll always be with you. I'll fight your battles. Hold your peace. Let me do it. What's he waiting for, brother Donio? You're waiting on him. Many times it ain't it ain't supposed to be that way. He's waiting on you &gt;&gt; for your confession to match what he says about you. Well, I ain't no good. I'm low down. I'm rotten. I'm no cow. I'll never amount to nothing. Get that garbage out of your mouth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He called me and he knew what I was. He called me and he knew all my mistakes and he call me anyhow. He loves me with an everlasting love. &gt;&gt; He knows the thoughts that he thinks toward me, and they are good, &gt;&gt; not evil. &gt;&gt; And I will go in the strength of the Lord God. I will make mention of thy righteousness, even of thine only. Psalm 118:19, "Open to me the gates of righteousness. I will go in into them and I will praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Friends, can't you see? So, here comes Rebecca. She wasn't in the meeting. Now, whenever the messenger and Tommy Osborne and all them was in the Chicago meeting and the spirit of God spoke to him, walk over there to that window. &gt;&gt; That's right. So he goes over to the window and he says, "They've got a trap laid for you." &gt;&gt; Well, Lord, if they've got that trap in that I I I don't want to go down there. I don't want to. You go. Don't fear. I'll be with you. &gt;&gt; So he told Brother Carl Williams, he said, "You watch this this certain color, brother. He'll be there. He'll be dressed in a certain thing. This man will be a certain thing. That man will be a certain thing." So the prophet walks right down there the next day and turns around and tell him, "I just described this and had these witnesses to stand up. Are you a witness? Did not I tell you this man to be sitting here that one, that one there?" Now he said, "This is what you've done. &gt;&gt; You've settled off the word and you talk around me behind my back. But if you can't take your Bible and prove me wrong, then get off my back." Glory. &gt;&gt; Woo. Boy, Elijah was wrong, wasn't he? Hallelujah. And those men stood there and bore witness that God had told him why. God told him, "You go and I'll go." He said, "Well, if you're going, I'm going." God said, "Well, if you're going, I'm going." Well, God said, "Well, let's go on there." That's what he's wanting you and I to say. I'll go through these tests, Lord. I'll go through these trials. I'm going to come to church. I'm going to pray. I'm going to clap my hand. I don't care if I don't feel you for another three months. I'm still going to church. I'm going to put a smile on my face. I'm redeemed. I'm saved. I'm going to heaven. I'm the bride. God said, "Well, if you're going like that, I'm going with you." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Can't you see what she done? She characterized the faith of her future father-in-law before she ever met him. She was reflecting the faith of Abraham. &gt;&gt; I'm going to a land I've never seen. I'm going to marry a man I've never seen, but I believe it's good. &gt;&gt; I don't know what all of you can't you see why God looked at her and said she's definitely part of the family. You imagine Ellie said, "Yep, I've seen this before. I've seen this before." For 25 years, they laughed at him. They made fun of him. They've ridiculed him. And I see this this girl right here will fit into the family perfectly. Why? cuz she can be able to go to a land she ain't never seen before. Marry a man she ain't never seen before. Take the word of a messenger that she never saw before. Why? Face of Abraham &gt;&gt; and she hadn't even met Abraham. so early the next morning. Now they're faced with this. But wasn't it something like that in the scripture that Abraham early the next morning when God told him about circumcision, early the next morning he arised to do it. So Rebecca early the next morning about the rising of the sun. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Oh, this was Rebecca's disposition of eternal life. Eternal life. Was she frightened, brother D? Probably. Just like we get. I don't know. I tell you, if I could fight all my battles feeling what I feel tonight, &gt;&gt; I mean, it wouldn't even be halfway fair for the devil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But like you, I don't find mo fight most of my battles under the anointing. I fight them under faith with no feeling, &gt;&gt; with no sensation. Come on, somebody. But you see the message had so stirred her heart and maybe she just responded I will go and what did I just say? &gt;&gt; And her mama looked over at her brother looked over at her. Oh the customs of this was if the father or the brother which was the ruler of the entire house said you don't go you don't go. But something inside of her said, "Now honey, are you sure you want to go with this man? Now we've raised you in this hen house to be a good little chicken and you're nice and you're mannerly and you know we we don't know nothing about this man. It's a strange message. It seems very cultish as we've already told you before and all that and you know you'd make somebody some church of God man a really good pastor's wife I mean you'd make somebody here in Mesopotamia you know you maybe a merchant then probably she thought about her life and thought I'll probably just marry one of these guys whoever my daddy picks out for me and maybe be a sheep herder and I'll I'll just raise his kids and I I'll go to the market and buy flour and and do this that and the other and I'll probably never amount to nothing. Before she was ever born, &gt;&gt; she was ordained &gt;&gt; for a mighty purpose. &gt;&gt; And so were you. &gt;&gt; Stand. Hallelujah. Oh my. Let me just uh share this with you, brothers. Let's let's come not sure exactly what uh what it'll be for you all as far as the page and that y'all will be on but I want to come past Genesis 24 56 whenever he said hinder me not and then question answer 64. Now brother Brandham is it true that no one should preach but you I don't know who this person was, but but man, this person, even if it's a sister, we're going to have a spell when we get to heaven. I'm so glad they asked this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a reason. &gt;&gt; Is it true that no one should preach but you? We have seen you ordain men, and we don't believe you would do that if they were not to preach. Now, Eleazar, tell me more. &gt;&gt; Mercy. &gt;&gt; Mercy. Brother, sister, ever. Who told you that nobody's to preach but me? I'd sure be a poor subject to God with all that. No. every man or that feels a call of God upon his life, get into the ministry and start pressing play and put me back in the pull pit and give up your &gt;&gt; Well, that's what's being said today, &gt;&gt; but it's not been said by &gt;&gt; Eleazar. That's right. &gt;&gt; You understand this quote will condemn these so-called message people. &gt;&gt; And you know what it proves? They don't believe what he said. &gt;&gt; They only believe selectively. &gt;&gt; Now notice, tell us, Ellie user, he had the opportunity to say it right here. Notice the year. Question answer 64. He had the opportunity to tell us. Now little children, I've come to bring something new, which is what all these people who believe in this tape only thing, that's what they believe. They do not believe Brother Brandham was sent to restore our faith back to the apostolic fathers. &gt;&gt; They believe he was sent to introduce something totally new, &gt;&gt; and that is you stay home. So many of them don't even assemble anymore in church. They've got buildings sitting everywhere. It's hit Africa. It's hit India, the States, Canada. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; They don't even believe the Bible. &gt;&gt; Paul said it thousands of years ago. Forsake not the assembling of yourselves together. &gt;&gt; And you see what it shows us, brother Daryl? because of the persecution against some of them Christians, they were staying out of church because of the risk of their life. &gt;&gt; God didn't even excuse that. &gt;&gt; Now, can you imagine if God would anoint his servant Paul? Now, we'd think, well, if anybody would have a right to stay out of church, it'd be because, you know, there's cops standing outside. It's way worse than ICE. I mean, they're standing outside and they're they're going to get the preacher first and then they're going to get you guys and you and you women and your kids and I mean, they're going to I wonder how many would have tonight if we sent that out on a text &gt;&gt; before service. Come on. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So, people had started missing church and Paul told them, "Don't forsake the assembling of yourselves together. I know it's tough. I know it's risky." He said, "As the manner of some is." So already some of the first century Christians had started missing church and Paul said don't you do it. Brother Bram quotes the same thing in the breach and he said as the manner of unbelievers &gt;&gt; that's right &gt;&gt; is &gt;&gt; talk to me Elazer &gt;&gt; now you see when I press play this is some of the things I hear him say. So when I press play, what do you figure I'm supposed to do with this quote? &gt;&gt; Sit down. &gt;&gt; So here, Eleer is telling me, every other God call man. Men of God are anointed all over the world to &gt;&gt; preach &gt;&gt; the gospel. See, I'm just one little pebble on the beach among many big stones. &gt;&gt; That's a big man right there. &gt;&gt; See where he put himself &gt;&gt; instead of some that's un in our ranks. And they'll let you know they're the big rock and you ain't even a little stone. You're just gravel dust. &gt;&gt; You're just gravel dust is all you are. You ought to be privileged. I mean, just to sit at the end of the pew where they sat or hand them a napkin or something like that. But here's a big man. &gt;&gt; Here's a big man. &gt;&gt; There's many more eligible, more worthy, more anything to preach than me. I'm just one little humble person laying out here. I'm one grain of wheat and a whole garner. See, you know what I mean? Any man that's called of God needs to &gt;&gt; preach the gospel. &gt;&gt; So then tell me, what spirit is on people that's trying to tell preachers to sit down? &gt;&gt; Antichrist. &gt;&gt; It's against the word. &gt;&gt; There's only two spirits. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Notice this one in question answer 61. But this message that I'm preaching, I love this quote, is the true message of God this day, and it's the last message. Now, you see what I'm doing, brethren? This is a question answers with the ministers and the men of the church there in Jeffersonville. You see what I'm doing, brethren? I'm putting you all at the same place I am, cuz you're just as much into it as I am. You are messengers. &gt;&gt; Now, who am I supposed to believe &gt;&gt; this one? &gt;&gt; Or somebody that says the exact opposite. &gt;&gt; Now, you can get on that camel if you wish to. I'm not sure where you'll wind up. Well, actually, I am. &gt;&gt; Tribulation period. Unless these people get converted and get this evil thing off of them, there won't be a one of them in the rapture. &gt;&gt; It can't be. &gt;&gt; Does it make any difference to God which scripture you deny? Malachi 4 or Ephesians 4. &gt;&gt; Friends that don't even believe what the prophet of God taught. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Now, this is what her brother and mother said. And they said, "We will call the damsel and inquire at her mouth." &gt;&gt; So they bring her in. Rebecca, this man says that he is a messenger from Abraham. This man says that he has a son. We don't even know if he has a son. He says he's rich. I mean, he's got a lot of stuff here with him, but we don't know that he might not have stolen it cuz there's something sneaking about this man. You know, we can't really prove all of his tales and stories and stuff. Can anybody in this building tonight scientifically prove to me that Moses was actually on the mountain and the finger of God wrote in rock the Ten Commandments? But how many of you people believe that happened? &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Based on what proof &gt;&gt; and were there 385,913 people that saw it, saw God write it? How many people were there? &gt;&gt; One. &gt;&gt; And you people believe that? Y'all a bunch of nuts, you know. &gt;&gt; But aren't you glad if you're a nut, you're threaded to the right bolts? &gt;&gt; Where he leads me, I will follow. Where he leads me, I will follow. Where he leads, the bride will follow. I'll go with him. With him. all the way. Lord Jesus, as we bow our heads tonight, Father, we are so thankful of your great mercy and love to us. We're so grateful, Father, that we don't have to have it all scientifically proven, and it don't have to come in 14 different manuals. it's been authorized by this person and they've spot checked it and it's been through Wikipedia and it's come through this and that and that and that and that. We're so grateful, Lord, we can believe without all of that. As Carol and I stood a few years ago and Cesaria and the guide there pointed out a big stone and it was a replica of course, but he said that scholars and historians had said for hundreds and hundreds of years that Pontius Pilate was not even a real person. So therefore, the Bible when it mentioned his name, it proved that the Bible was wrong because they had not found any Roman documents stating Pontius Pilate ever worked for the federal government. But they was in there digging around some archaeologists and they found a stone in there, a big massive stone turned upside down that had been laying there for hundreds of years and it had Pontius Pilot's name on the stone laying there buried under rubble of sand and dust. So them men spent their entire life for men dedicated years of their life trying to prove disprove that one point that pilot never lived. So in reality their life was in vain &gt;&gt; because now thousands times thousands of people walk by and look at this stone which is made in an exact image of the real this certain certain place built and dedicated to and Pontius Pilot's name right on the bottom of it. So will it be one day all of those who preached and promoted atheism, preached and promoted Darwin and his theory, when they walk up before the great throne of God, it will not be Darwin that will see, but the great creator of the universe. So they've lived their entire life in vain. As I said and listened on YouTube the other day, one day this week to a scientist who was an atheist, but yet he went to hear a speaker and the man was a he was a preacher but a very smart man. And he really resented the things he had to say. But the man was also a scientist of sorts and he he just kind of wanted to really debate with the guy and argue with him. But the man laid out the gospel in such a way that scientist felt under conviction there in that seminar thing and the spirit of God moved in that place and moved on his heart and he found himself asking you to forgive his sins &gt;&gt; and now he's become one of the main vocal scientists in the creationist theory. So now he travels all over the world and he takes fish and all types of different things and proves hallelujah that this fish could not exist without a creator &gt;&gt; designing it. &gt;&gt; And he studies all these great scientific terms and this and that and the other. One of the things that he was dealing with was a certain octopus and it can mimic all these different creatures of the sea. A little bitty old tiny thing. It can change its color. It can change its texture. It's not taught how to do it. But somehow when it gets in certain environment, it'll look like a snake. Then it gets in another environment, it'll look like a fish. And then it'll change itself to look like this and like that and like that. And he said there's only one way that it could do that because a great designer gave it the ability to do so because they're not taught it by their mother or their father. &gt;&gt; So he said it must be in their DNA. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; So, it's in our spiritual DNA to believe you when things look impossible. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It was in Rebecca's DNA to respond, "I will go." She was going to find out she was going to fit in this family perfectly well. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah to God. Oh Jesus, I'm so glad that I fit with the family of God. Oh, we have our human differences and our human makeup and we clash on this and that and the other, but there's one thing about it. I sure don't fit in the world. I sure don't fit in a denominational system. There's only one place I fit in the family of God. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. &gt;&gt; Oh, I shared the quote this evening with some preachers or brother Brandham talked about going to the house of God and just being there in that presence and what it done to you and how it made you feel. And oh, I just read it and I thought, praise God. I shared it with Carol. I said, "This is one of the reasons why we love to go to church." &gt;&gt; And the prophet just described what it did to him and how it made him feel because we are with our real family. &gt;&gt; We love you tonight, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; We worship you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. If it's this good, friends, now when we can come together in the house of God, what will it be when we get over yonder? Can you sing that for us? Praise be to God. Let's worship a little before we go. We've only got a few more Wednesdays before school is going to start. So, let's take advantage of them, shall we? Oh, praise the Lord. Thank you Lord. A country where no twilight shadows deeper. Unending day where night will never be dark. It's a city where no storm clouds ever again. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. What will it be when we get over the and join the throne upon the glass se where meet our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. And when at last we see the face of Jesus before whose image of the loves all flee. And when we crown him, Lord of all, I want to be there. Cuz this is just what heaven means to me. What will it be when we get over yonder and join the throne upon the glassy sea will meet our love and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. A country where no twilight shadows deeper. unending day where night will never be. It's a city where no storm clouds ever gather. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. How will it be when we get over yonder and join the throne upon the glassy sea. We'll meet our love ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. Oh, what will it be when we get over yonder? Join the throngs upon the glassy sea. will meet our loved ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. We'll meet our loved ones and crown Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. We've said I will go and we won't go back. I've been changed. Heal, free, delivered. I found joy, peace, grace, and favor. And right now is the moment. Today I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass me by. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. We say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. We say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. I've been shamed here free. Delivered. I found your peace, grace, and favor. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. I've been changed. And I'm waiting for this moment to come. And I want it back. Hallelujah. I say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. We say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me. all my shame. All my sins they are forgiven. No change, fear. my past. It's over. And right now some more today. I've been changed. I've been changed. And I'm waiting. Glory for this moment to come. I've been wait I'll be waiting for I'm not going to let it pass me by. I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came to change. &gt;&gt; Oh, come on. Just say I want to go back. I can't go back. I ain't got no place to go back to. I've burned all the bridges. I've burned all the ships. I ain't going back to the world. I'm a back going back to the dark of the world. I can't go back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Before your presence came, Lord, I've been changed. Oh, yes, I have. feel free. I've been delivered. I delivered. &gt;&gt; I found joy. &gt;&gt; Oh, aren't you glad you found joy? &gt;&gt; His peace, grace, grace, &gt;&gt; and my father and heaven and earth. And right now, right now. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Today is the day. &gt;&gt; Why wait till Wednesday? Why wait till next Sunday? Clean your victory tonight. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I'll go down and die for him." Say, "I'm going to get my salvation." Jesus said, "I'll be for him. I'm coming to get my head. I won't go back. I can't go. I can't go back. I used to be before your presence came. I can't go back to the way it used to be. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. came and changed me. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way I used to be. Your presence came and changed me. Maybe about a week out. It was 120 in the shade. They're having to watch the water supply. They can't wait to find an oasis. She's burning up, wiping sweat, man. I love Oh, goodness. And the devil coming up. Oh, girl, you've done it now. I wonder what she's saying. Well, she'd probably love this song right here tonight. I can't go back. I won't go back. I never go back and be what I was before. Why? Because the presence of the angel changed me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What about it, Rebecca? Are you wanting to go back? Are you want to go back to them old bonds of sin and that unbelief that we were in? Don't take me back. Take me on higher. Don't take me back. Take me on up in the presence of God. Sing it. Oh, let's praise the Lord tonight. Together used to be that presence came and changed me. Changed me. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way I used to be. Before your presence came and changed, change all my shame. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; All my guil and all my sins, &gt;&gt; they've been forgiven. &gt;&gt; They've been forgiven. And not only that, the door shaking Jesus feel my is over. &gt;&gt; Waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass. Let it pass me by. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. The way it used to be. Your presence came and changed me. We said I won't go back. Oh, I can't go back to the way to be before your presence came and changed me. Oh, yes, you did. Lord, you changed me. Brother Daryl, come close the service by you. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; God bless you. I might be preaching on uh I guess we'll have to see Sunday, won't we? &gt;&gt; I'll give you a little hint, though. I'll be preaching on the platform. Well, I'm leaving Friday for Wisconsin, so we'll certainly be praying for you folks. Have you enjoyed the word of God tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, I was thinking there in Genesis 24:57 when it said, "The damsel has a mouth, let her speak." And so just before she went, she had a voice. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The prophet of God said under her messenger, she will be the final voice to the final age. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad tonight to be a part of the economy of God? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother Donnie, so much for telling us the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, it's just in your presence, Lord. Just we hear these things spoken has been led in the word and it becomes so real, so fresh, so personal. Lord, we are so grateful, dear God, and that the Bible is not a it's not a book, oh God, of of of an intellectual conception, but it's when you look at it, it's a love letter to your people, Lord. at the mind, the mysteries and the secrets that was in your mind has now been placed in the hearts of the believers. John took the book, Lord, and he ate it. And him and the book become one. God, we're so grateful, Lord, that we see oursel in these scriptures, dear God, that's laying there, Lord, as as the story unfolds, we see ourselves, God. And we're so grateful for that, Lord. May you go with your people now, dear God, make the way home. Watch over them, Lord. Give them traveling grace. And Lord, those that are among us, dear God, that are sick and afflicted, oh Lord, we're so grateful that you're our healer. And may you move, dear God, up on these needs. We pray Lord as our precious pastor brought out Father God that you never said Lord that we wouldn't have trials or we wouldn't go through valleys or dark places but you did promise us dear God that we would not go alone. We're grateful for that Lord. Thank you for the word of God we heard tonight. And thank you, dear God, that we can come and set, Lord, and at your table and feast on the revealed word of the hour. Bless brother Donnie, Lord, renew his strength, Father, we pray. Strengthen your people, Lord, and prepare us for the journey that lays just ahead. And Father, may we never go back, but may we always go forward as you reveal yourself to us in a greater way. Bless your people now, Lord. Lord, we pray for we ask these things in Jesus' name. And the bride says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; God bless you, saint. You're dismissing the fear of the Lord. Remember the service Sunday morning, 11:00. We pray for our pastor. Amen. Ain't it been good to be in the house of God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you're on this journey? Amen. Sing this up, brother. Whatever you want me. &gt;&gt; I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed me. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and chang. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your friends came and changed. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way. I've been changed. Free deliver. I found.
