################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Have You The Token - Bro. Joe Harrah - Joe Harrah.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   Have You The Token? - Bro. Joe Harrah
Speaker: Joe Harrah
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IbpZK4PrK8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It's awesome in this place have a father. You're worthy of praise. To you our lives we raise. You're awesome in this place. Mighty God. Sing it now. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you're awesome in this place. Heaven Father, you are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. My do you believe that with all your heart? Let's stand and sing it again. You're awesome in this place, mighty God. Hallelujah. You're awesome in this place. Aba Father, you are worthy of all praise. Yes, you are. To you our lives we raise. Oh, you're awesome in this place, mighty God. As I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise. Hallelujah. Into your sanctuary. Till we're standing face to face. Look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. All we can do I can only bow down. Bow down and say, "Oh, you're awesome in this place. Mighty God, you're awesome in this place. Heaven Father, worthy of all praise, to you our lives we raise. Oh, you're awesome in this place, mighty God. You got to sing that one more time. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, mighty God, you're awesome in this in this place and the Father, you are worthy of our praise. Yes, you are. To you our lives we raise. All you're awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, if you believe that, give him a real good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. How many of you know he's the only one that is awesome? He's the only awesome one here this morning. Aren't you glad to be a child of the most awesome king that's ever been? Do you love him with all your heart? Look at your neighbor and tell him you're glad to see him in the house of God this morning. What a privilege that it is to be here. So glad to have each and every one of you here today. We'll sing a little bit more of that song momentarily, but we want we want to say if we have any visitors in our midst today, we want to welcome you. Glad to have you here. Uh just appreciate you taking the time to come and be with us in this service today. Also, all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless all of those folks. Can we give our visitors and streamers a real good hand this morning? Praise the Lord. Brother Nate Painter, if you get ready to pray over these prayer requests here just in a few minutes, we're going to look at our prayer requests this morning. The Maxwell will send this in. Brother Michael is doing is doing real good after his uh heart surgery and and they're thanking the Lord for that. Also want to remember their son Aaron. He's suffering with a bad kidney stone and their grandson has a knee surgery in Nashville on Wednesday, a very severe tear in his knee. So, the Maxwells are asking that we would remember those requests. Chase Hughes, prayers for my family and Aunt Mildred having severe pain in her leg due to a medical problem. So, we want to remember that as we pray today that the Lord would be mindful. Please remember Derek Hensley in prayer. He needs God so desperately to intervene in his life. His mother Debbie also needs prayer. Brother Joel Brown sends that in. So let's remember that. Also, Brother Joel Brown sends in a a prayer request for his niece Terry uh asked for prayer. She had to have a biopsy and is waiting on results believing that it is not cancerous. We just commit that need unto the Lord. Sister Janet Kennedy says to please remember a friend and co-orker of mine. Her name is Candy and she found out that her kidneys were starting to fail and her also her daughter was uh involved in a in a very horrible accident in very critical condition. So we want to remember that prayer request this morning. Here's a prayer request. No name attached, but it's a good request. Pray for peace in the world. We just commit that need unto the Lord. We know he's got it every bit in his control. We just commit it all unto him. Sister Barbara Grabbly says she has a doctor's appointment on Tuesday asking for a good report. Wants us to remember her. Also, Jim Watson, that's her son. His knee is really swollen and asking for prayer. So, we want to remember those folks all along with brother Bert that God would just be with those folks. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is asking that we remember her with a situation with her neighbor. Asking that we pray for her daughter's employer. Uh Trish, she's getting uh married real soon. So, they're asking that we would remember those folks in prayer. Brother Don Forum in Oregon says, "Please pray for healing in my right knee that's been swollen for several days. I need to do some yard work." Thank you and may God bless. We won't just commit that need unto the Lord this morning that God would be mindful of that situation. The son of brother of one of brother uh Keith Jonce's best friend shot himself last night. Please be in prayer for that family. So, we want to remember that prayer request today. Brother Richard Baker says he had four spots removed from his skin. Uh, one was sent off for a biopsy. Uh, he believe it is for his healing. Just commit that under the Lord this morning. We want to pray for that re that need today. Uh, sister Simona, please keep in prayer. My brother Christian from Romania who needs a miracle in his life. Also, my niece has two exams in order to be accepted at art college and she really needs a touch of the Lord in her life. Thank you and may God bless you. So, we commit that need unto the Lord. And we've got some announcements we'll go ahead and make. Several slots are available to sign up to help with food service for the meetings. Want you to remember that. Couple of rings were found in the lady's restroom this morning. Stop by the library to claim those. Our Fourth of July meetings are less than three weeks away. Have began planning several activities. We need sisters to sign up in the kitchen help. Brothers to sign up for help in the fellowship hall. Two hour time slots are planned to allow rest time for us to enjoy these special meetings. You may sign up for more if you wish. Very important that we fill all the slots to allow us to do all the things that we have planned. Please sign up as soon as possible so we can finalize plans. Sign up sheets are in the library. So remember that. All the unspoken prayer requests this morning. I know there's many needs among us today. But I'm glad we're serving a God that's bigger than all our problems, bigger than war, bigger than anything that the devil would bring against you. He's bigger. Somebody say, "It's the truth." Anyhow, give the Lord one more good hand clap of praise. Amen. Let's sing that little course one more time. You're awesome in this place, mighty God. Do you believe that with all your heart? Somebody say, "We're going to have a good time today. We're going to worship. We're going to give God his due praise. Give him one more good hand clap of praise with all your heart. You are awesome in this place, lady. [Music] You are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. There's a lot of prayer requests this morning. I'm sure there's a lot for the people in this congregation as well. But we know one who can meet all these needs. Every single one of them in our heart. Lord, I I know for me with questions about stability in our whole world there a lot of people take it to start to worrying about things, but we know there's one that has it all in control. We have no need no need to worry. So, we're just going to take it to our father and just bow with me and just agree if you would. Heavenly Father, Lord, we know you are the master, Lord, the master of the wind, the creator of this world, this universe. Lord, you created us, Lord. And you have each one of these requests, Lord, in your heart and your mind, Lord. You know the best path for each and every one of them, Lord, in each and every one of our lives, Lord. You have the best path for us, Lord. We just need to accept it, Lord. We just need to accept what you have for us, Lord. So this morning, Lord, with each and every request, Lord, we believe for the best outcome, Lord, because it's what you have in mind, Lord. That's what we're going to request this morning. Not necessarily what we want, Lord, but what you want for each and every one of us, Lord. We pray that you would this morning come down and just wash us with the water of your word, Lord. That you'd bring your word to us, Lord. It would bring us peace and rest and hope, Lord, in the time that we're in. We know Lord that you have our future in your hands Lord and that you have ordained each and every one of us to those that us of us that love you Lord we have perfect rest in you Lord we just ask that you would meet these needs now Lord according to your will and purpose Lord that you would come down and that you would speak to our hearts this morning Lord that you would help the speaker to get aside Lord and just bring your word of life to us this morning Lord we thank you for it we just ask it in Christ Jesus precious name amenise Thank you, brother. God bless you, buddy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus together one more time. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, we'll receive the morning tithe and offering. Now, got a special announcement. And we're so glad to make it this morning. Justin and Stephanie White, where are you this morning? Raise your hands. Where are they? Help me out. Somebody point to them. Right over here. They moved back home yesterday. That is great. We're We're glad to have him back home, aren't we? I knew you'd get Tart, Arkansas. I I just knew it. Praise the Lord. We're so glad to have him back home. And that's just a sweet, wonderful little family. Aren't you glad you've got great brothers and sisters to worship God with? Can you look around and see anybody that you don't like outside of me, Paul? And we'll deal with you later. I can't outrun you, but I hurt your kneecaps. Oh, God's good, isn't it? Do you love him with all your heart? Give him one more good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. We're just so glad that God has put us together. You know, we don't know where we're at exactly in time, but we do know that the hour is getting close. But I'm glad for one thing. We've got the re we've got the assurance this morning that we're going to be gone before the b first bomb falls. That's according to prophecy. Do you believe that with all your heart? That's according to prophecy. The bride will be gone. I don't know where we're at, but I believe it's getting ready to get home, to get on out of here. Don't you? How many of you ready to go? How many of you making preparations to go? Give him one more good hand clap of praise. Riseing up. Sing your first verse. Rising up, brothers. Amen. It's been a little bit since you sung this. I don't remember the verses, so we're going to have to wait a second. We used to sing it so much. I think uh with Larry Keplinger's son one day and he was going to school and they was doing music and he asked him if they knew Rising Up. [Music] As I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand. Oh yes. The bride of Christ adorned in a wedding gown. Thank you, Lord. Just like in the days of old. Yes, Lord. They stood in courage bold and they turn that old world upside down. We're rising up. We're rising up. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up, Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. Say it again. Rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. Lord, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. Lord, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. Now the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. Demon spirits were cast out in a jail. They sing and shout while surrounded by God's holy angel band. Well, if you think it's all long gone, all the miracles are done, I have some good news to bring to you. In this last days, he pour his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength here renew. We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up, Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. Rising up, Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. Oh, we're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. Oh, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up, Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. Now, the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Glory on us, Lord. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hands. Demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They sing and shout while surrounded by God's holy angel band. Bless your name, Lord. Well, if you're worried it's all long gone and all God's miracles are done, I have some good news to bring to you. In his last days, he'll pour of his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength he renew. We're rising up. We're rising up. Lord, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. Lord, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. Oh, we're rising up. We're rising up. Oh, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Lord, we're a New Testament church. Rising up. New Testament fully restored by Malachi 4 and we're rising up. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Brother Joel Brown, if you'll come on to the platform. Brother Larry's got a song for us this morning. You can be seated. God bless you. Thank you for singing so good this morning. A few years ago, I was in the hospital for a serious surgery and I shouldn't be here today. And Tanya was in another hospital in the COVID ward and they didn't expect her to live either. But we both had a piece. We didn't know what was going to happen, but we knew who Jesus was. And our whole life, we're thankful that we're still here. Though we go through a lot of troubles and trials, the Lord has kept us through a lot of things. And I wanted to say that when we had that total peace, we knew that whatever happened, Jesus would be with us both. And we both had peace through that whole thing. That's what this song is about. It's not about death, but it's about trust. It's about knowing that when and not if we face a crossing in life, whether it's physical or emotional or spiritual or even the final one, we don't cross alone. God meets us at the w's edge. There's a river somewhere called Jordan. [Music] They say that it's teeny. It's why they say the king and the beggar on that shore will stand side by side [Music] at the crossing. King of the Jordan. [Music] Why should I be afraid? There'll be someone there who loves me will guide me [Applause] across the river [Music] to endless joy above [Music] That river is so dark and stormy, [Music] but it'll pass like a dream in the night. But my soul will awaken in that morning [Music] to reach us of endless delight at the crossing [Music] of the Why should I be afraid? There'll be someone there who loves me, will guide me across the river [Music] to endless joy above at the crossing. [Music] of the Jordan. [Music] Why should I be afraid? There'll be someone there who loves me, will guide me across the Jordan. [Music] To endless joys above [Applause] [Music] to endless choice above. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] she was a virgin bride to be. And one night as she lay quietly, the spirit of the Lord over shadowed her and said that you receive this child [Music] not defiled. And she said, "Pead it unto me according to thy word." [Music] And she kept these things and ponder them deep within her heart. She believed in God when he said that something new was going to stop. [Music] How if this word could be born in Mary, then I believe it can be born in you and me. Now we're the virgin bride today. You believe this? Say through the blood of Calary and in this time of darkness we have come [Music] received of indicated word that we all have heard and I be speaking formed in you and me because we can be seen [Applause] and them deep within our heart. He say with this word [Music] never one time felt desires to depart. Now if this word could be born in Mary then I believe it can be formed in you and me. Listen this is what the Lord told me time and time again. I try to understand the reason why. There are those who walk away from this revealed world and say that it's just not for me. [Music] And the light they no longer see. But I only know it's leading me to eternity. [Music] And I'll keep these things and I'll ponder them over and over over deep within mine. I'm going to stay with this world. Never once in my soul desire to part. [Applause] Now if this word could be born in Mary, I believe it can be formed in you and me. And we'll keep these. How about you? You're going to keep this word. Oh, and ponder those words. deep within our hearts. You say with this world never one time feel [Music] I stay with this word because if this word could be formed in Mary then I believe it can be born in you end of me. Now if this word could be formed in Mary I'm silly and small enough to believe it could be born in me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Bibles and you turn to Exodus, chapter 12. We're going to read verse 3 through 7 there. Speak ye unto the all the congregation of Israel, saying, In the 10th day of this month, they shall take to them every man a lamb, according to the house of their fathers, a lamb for a house. And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls. Every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb. Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year. You shall take it out from the sheep or from the goats, and you shall keep it until the 14th day of the same month. The whole assembly of the congre of congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening. And they shall take of the blood and strike it on the two side post and the upper doorpost of the house, wherein they shall eat it. And we'll go down to verse 13. And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where you are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you. And the plague shall not be unto you or destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord, for another another morning to come sit around your word, Lord. Lord, I pray, Father, that they didn't come here to hear from me this morning, but Lord, they came to hear from you, Lord. I pray that that you would set me aside, Lord. anything, Father, that would stumble them or, Lord, be a stumbling block, Father, that would hinder them their walk with you. Father, I pray that nothing like that would come out this morning, Father. Lord, may it be just you and you only meet the needs here, Lord. We know there's many needs, sickness, and all kinds of things. Father, I pray that your will would be done, Father. We know in your word, your prophet said that you healing comes through the preaching of the word. Lord, may they reach out and grab a hold of every need that they have, Father, that you pray that you would meet it this morning. We're believing you for it. We welcome you this morning in Jesus name. Amen. You can be seated. I want to speak to you uh a few minutes for uh about a subject that I've titled, have you the token? This is something we know that's been preached in the message quite often and brother Brandham mentioned the token like 480 something times. So in 63 I know he preached it in March 63. He pre preached it in September 63 and March 64 several times he preached it. But in 63 he says now there's a life a blood a life and a soul in the life. The soul is the nature of the life. Therefore, it had no certain nature. It was an animal. Therefore, the blood stood for a token that the life had been given. But in this glorious place under this covenant, there is a difference between the blood and the life. The token for the believer today is the Holy Ghost. Not a blood, not a chemistry. It is the Holy Spirit of God. That is the token that God requires for the church today. God must see this token. He must see it in every one of us. Brother Brandon was talking about the Holy Ghost in your life. If you have the token, people say they have the token, they have the Holy Ghost. If you say you have the Holy Ghost, you're saying you have the token. You say you have the token, you're saying you have the Holy Ghost. And then in 64, he says, "Now that's a type of today shown as we are also facing another exodus. God bringing Israel out of Egypt to the promised land was a type of Christ bringing the bride out of the church and to the promised land. We are in another exodus." We look at the times that we're in right now. If you ne if you never needed a token, today's the time you need the token. We we look at the the world around us is in chaos. There's no other word for it. It's total chaos. And it you you look at the things you know that the US just recently their actions on Iran has raised the eyebrows of some of the world's strongest powers. Now the whole world's eyes is on Israel. Yeah. But so is God's eyes. Yeah. God gave them a token through Abraham thousands of years ago. Brother said it's unconditional. So whatever they go through, they're going to win. They're going to win. And so are you. So we we we look at this and and you know what we say, what is a token? If you if you look at the what a token is, if you read the the the Hebrew there, it's Brother Brandon preached the message, an insign. That's pretty much another word when one brother Brandham used for preaching the token was the end sign. It's a sign. It's a monument, a beacon. And and if it's something that's in your life, it's shining out. You know, you you you see people want to testify to you how much they they have the token, how much they have the Holy Ghost, and their life never changes. There's no fruits. There's there there's nothing there. You're looking cuz if you have it, it's going to shine out. It's a monument. It's a beacon. It's a sign. You got a big sale going on at your place. You put this big huge sign with flashing things on it. It says it's right here. That's what your life would should be pointing to the token and saying it's right here and we can see the fruits thereof. Amen. You can't have the pe the token and people not know it. You know, God required a lamb without blemish. And that's when we we look at that when God required the token for the children of Israel. It had to be without blemish. This was the type of the lamb that he that was was slain for you. The blood of that lamb was painted upon the doorpost of your heart over the lentil of your soul and that sealed you to your day of redemption. And we we look at that in the way that the type is it's just a perfect type. It had to be a lamb without blemish. But without that token with these the firstborn had no way they couldn't be saved. There was no way they could be saved. You look at other all the other people that was was in there with that firstborn. They weren't firstborn. Yeah. But they were still behind it. Yeah. They didn't that blood wasn't for them. Come on. God put that blood for a specific race of people, a specific class of people. The same thing he's done today in this age. This token was for the bride. Thank you, Lord. And we'll find out later. You know, you look at whosoever will, the Bible says whosoever will, you come unto me. And you got to understand when God gave that covenant to Abraham, he gave it to you as well. Brother Bram said, the covenant he gave to Abraham was to the bride. You are the royal seed of Abraham. And when he said this token that you had to have, look at the conditions that he made with Adam and Eve. It was conditional. If you do this, I'll do that. And so many times we tried to live that way in our life. God, if you'll do this for me, I'll do that. We try to put conditions on the covenant that we have with God. And God says, I can't put a token on that, but I'll do it for you. How many times have we done that for God? Say, God, if you'll do this for me, I'll do this. And God says, okay, I'll do it. And then you go back on your word. And then you're back in the same mess you were in and even worse. And then you said, "God, if you'll help me out of this, I'll do this." And God says, "That's what you said last time, but okay. Why? He would that no man perish." Right? This is a God that just loved mankind so much, even those without the token. God loved those without the token. But on the bride, when he placed that token, it was on an unconditional covenant. unconditional. Why do you think you can f so many times? So many times and God still sees the door on the blood on the doorpost. You have fought why he made an unconditional covenant with you. No matter how many times you fall, you you you you make mistakes. You know how how do you get this token? Brother said it was so simple and he used the the way that they they put the the the blood on the doorpost. this this hipw weed. It's just a a simple common weed. And brother Brandham said it's that simple. It's that that hissip was faith. They used the hissip weed to to put the blood on the doorpost. And he says it just takes simple faith to accept this token. Simple faith. You know, I might might have said here before. I mean many years ago we at brother Rob's house and brother Donnie had some of the the ministers there do question and answers and and you know we took different topics and mine was the Holy Ghost and this one brother I asked him I said he was a young man then he's older and got kids now I said do how the question was how do how do I get the Holy Ghost how do I get the token and I told him I said let me ask you a question do you like cookies he said oh Yeah, I like cookies. I said, "Where do your parents keep them?" "Oh, they keep them in the pantry." So, what do you do if you want one? I go get it. You go get it. It's that simple. We complicate the thing God the things God wants to give to us. We complicate it. You go get it. It's free. It's it's just like on your birthday when you you're the you're the one that that they're celebrating and you get there and this cake it's got your name on it. You got presents with your name on it. No one can open them but you. They belong to you. And so nobody's going to say nothing if you go over start ripping them open. If you go start eating the cake because it's yours. It belongs to you. the token that God had when it came out. The whole brother Ben said it wasn't. The blood wasn't the token. If the blood was the token, our generation would be lost. It's all dried up. It's gone. And the body, human body only holds a certain amount of blood. So, if we had to have the literal blood of Christ to touch our lives, we'd be lost. But the life that was in the blood was eternal. That's the token that the the life that he shed. You you look at whenever the death angel passed, you got to understand something. The death angel's passing here this morning. It's passing in your life every day. And what what did this death angel see when it came past this house with the blood on the door? He had seen a life had already been taken and had to recognize a life was already gone. I have to pass by this. I cannot go in there. Something gave up its life. When the death angel comes to you, looks at you, sees the blood in your life. He has to move on. He has to move on. A life has already been taken for you. It's already been taken. There's nothing There's nothing he can do. And he he wants you more than anybody. That's why he comes in your life so many times. And I don't mean physically. He would rather make you spiritually dead than physically dead. That's why when you got the token, when we you lay you up here, they say words over you, you're not dead. There's no death right there. There's no death because a life was given to take the death from you. Amen. You look at the thief on the cross and if any none of y'all saw the play that the the youth did over here at the youth banquet simply wonderful showing this token. Sister Adessa was what they called a gate agent. And this what kind of got me on this sermon. Brother Robin, some of them asked me if I would talk about it after the play and I got to thinking about that. She's she was the gate agent. And then they would they would come up and you know they would they would say, "Well, I've got this." Sister Allison would say, "Well, you know, I've look how long my hair is. Have never cut it. Look all these beautiful things that that that I've done to my hair. It's God's glory. And she'd do a little bit of this, a little bit of that. You know, Brother Isaac Mardo walked up there, these big muscles, how much he's been taking care of the temple. Brother Timothy walks up there with a bag full of bucks. One of them called the token. You can't get in. You can't get in. You have to have the life to get in. And and I was thinking about that and brother Robinson said, "Would you say something afterwards?" And for for some reason, and I told them, "I have no idea why I thought of the thief on the cross." Yeah. I mean, I was watching the play when they were rehearsing and that thought of the thief on the cross. Do you understand thief on the cross? When that lifeblood was shed on Calvary, he was sinless. Probably never lived one single day of his life for God. Ever. Never lived one day. But G when he said, "Remember me," Jesus didn't have a choice. He had no choice because when he looked at him, he was blameless cuz the life was already poured out. Amen. All mankind at that m that moment on earth if they would have accepted it. Why couldn't Jesus look at this other thief and see him blameless? He never accepted it. He never accepted. If he would have, he would have been found blameless cuz the very token was running down the cross. And this this thief is the first passenger on the flight to paradise. Get on my flight. And you could look at him and you think, "What about all that baggage? What about all that baggage that he's carrying? Murder, theft, probably lived an immoral life. And all this baggage, it can't go to paradise." What he didn't know, this flight was stopping in hell first. This flight was going to hell and was going to dump off his baggage right where it came from. Why? Because he accepted the token. Accepted the token. If you accepted the token, why do you keep looking at the bad things in your life that you're doing now? If you said, "I've got one. I'm getting on this flight. I' I've got the token. I've applied it to my life." Then why you keep bringing up your mistakes and your failures? Why you keep bringing up the things that Satan keeps throwing at you? All you have to do is show him the token. It's a beacon. It's a sign. It's a light. It's a monument. And that's what he's looking at. Brother said, "Then it's yours by faith. As soon as you pick up the hiss of faith and apply the blood, something happens in every man's heart and every woman's heart when they do that. Let's look look back at at the in goan here. God's judgment's coming through Egypt and it's coming through goan. God's judgment is coming in here. It don't matter this is word of life church. God don't look at the token over the church. Death angel's passing this way. He's looking for the blood. Have you got it? Come on. Have you got it? God passed judgment into the world that we live in. It's coming to you where you love you. You live. You have to be behind the token. I got so far ahead of myself. Sorry about that. So what was the token in Egypt for? It was to turn away death. The token life that was shed for yours does the same thing today in Ephesians when when physical death or spiritual death Paul's telling him he says you hath he quickened. Sorry brothers that's not in this this I put this in there while ago. Sorry. Ephesians 2 and one he says you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins even when we were dead in sins and hath quickened us together with Christ by grace are you saved you didn't earn the token you didn't do anything to earn it you might have felt you've lived a blameless life you might have felt like you read your Bible and pray I pay I double my tithes I double my offerings I I I I I there ain't not I in token. It's not about you. It's about him living in you. You want him to live so much in you. This token beyond this place that it shines so bright that it washes all the humanity out when people look at you. There's no humanity for people to see. We get so enamored by by our good works, the things we're doing. We want people to know you. We put it on Facebook. Hey, I I I I gave so and so some money today because this and this and this. I did this. I did this. It's all about God. And that's what the token in your life should be saying this is about him. This is not about me. This is about the life that was was taken in in place of mine. Amen. Yes, sir. And Paul says, "Hath raised us up together and made us sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." You were dead in your sins. He's quickened you with the token. That's what quickened you was the token. It brought you from a dead man. You went up here in in the watery grave and come up and then filled with the Holy Ghost. That made you that that's what quickened you. Look at the physical. In Thessalonians, Paul tells him in 1 Thessalonians 4, but I would not have you ignorant, brethren, concerning them that which are asleep. He did not say them that are dead, them that are asleep, that you sorrow not even as others which have no hope. For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. Those that sleep in Jesus, right? Amen. That's got no hold. The token took that away from him. The the the the grave grave where's your victory. Death is where is your your sting. This is a revelation that David got in in in the in the Old Testament when this this life becomes becomes you. You become that life. Everything in this world totally changes. It reverses. You have power over the grave. You have power over death. Hell has no hold on you. Sickness has no hold on you. Cancer, depression, anxiety, bitterness, gossip, whatever it is, has no hold on you because you're letting the token live through you. Yes. And for we say, for we say unto you by the word of the Lord that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. Amen. For God only if God only required DNA chemistry, anybody could have died. Huh? God could have picked anybody he want. But this was a created be. This was a created beaten by God. He created the egg. He created the cell. Uh-huh. Getting back to the people there in Gan. You know me, I I chop things up and it's it's a mess. I apologize. But the specific class of people knew they needed the token. When you think of the other people, hey, I'm not a firstborn. I'm only I'm only in in in the the the the class of people by by marriage, they had some of those. You you look at the the ones that were concerned about the token was the firstborn. They knew they had to have it. You you get a young kid that may maybe he was 10, 12 years old, but yet he understood the message that Moses was preaching. He understood, I've got to have that, Dad. I have to have it. I'm your firstborn. You are God's firstborn. Christ, right? Christ was the firstborn and his life came back into you. You became him. He became you. So, you have to have the token applied. You have to if the death comes by, you've got to know that's applied in your life. And so this this firstborn child, whether it be a boy or a girl, they they were old enough to understand what the message that went out that Moses was preaching this message that you have to this is what you got to do. You've got to take this lamb and and it's got to be without blemish. Don't you know he would probably go say, "Dad, let me let me help you find that lamb." He wanted to make sure that his daddy got the right one. Yeah. You wanted to make sure you there wasn't one spot in that lamb when you took it, right? There was all kinds of people that might have been in the household with them. The same kind of people sit with you here today. They're not so much concerned about the token as you are. Brother Brandham, I read a quote yesterday where brother Brandham said, "There always will be always three kinds of believers in the church." always. You're not going to go to a church and and sit in there and everybody believes everything the same way. Right. Right. You got the believer, the unbeliever, and the makebeliever. And so many times the make believer, you might think they have the token more than anybody else. And they'll be held more accountable than anybody else because it was offered offered time and time again. Listen. Y'all, you know if you got the token or not. You should know if you've got the token or not at this late hour. You should know if if it's been applied to your life. What is your desire? Come on. What is your desire from your soul? That's how you know if you have the token. How are you when you're by yourself? when you or you're in a place where there's no believers, do you act the same way you you do here? Come on. Do you act the same way when you come around God's people? That's something serious to think about. Because the token is the only thing the only thing that will get you out of here. Pretending you have it will not get you out of here. No, having a form of worship, a a form of godliness will not get you out of here. You will be judged at the great white throne judgment. Because when you you look at what the token is, it's God's life in you. And God's life will do the same thing it done when he was here. Amen. It's the same life. Amen. They weren't sitting around with their arms crossed wondering if Moses and Aaron were hurry up and get finished with the message. They wouldn't come and worrying about who was preaching. They wanted to hear from Jehovah. They wanted to hear from God. It doesn't matter who's up here. It doesn't matter. And I know human nature. Human nature. Everybody's got somebody they enjoy. Yeah. But when I have a need, I have a need in here. And I'm coming to church. I'm praying all the time. I'm not thinking who's going to be there. I'm thinking, God, what do you have for me? What do you have for me? Because I know the token will pull on the token from up here. If I'm out there and I need something, I'm pulling it from right here. I'm not pulling it for the guy right here. I'm pulling it from God himself. That's right. Brother Ram says token in Mark 64. Now, Israel's slain lamb was the requirement of Jehovah. The blood was the token that the job had been done. God required for redemption from Egypt to go to the promised land. He required a slain animal and that animal must have the blood of the dead animal must put on the lint and on the door. That stood for the token that the thing that Jehovah had required had been fulfilled. The lamb was not the token. The blood was the token. He goes on and says in Jehovah Gyra that the life in the blood was the token. The blood stood for the token that sign and this believer had done exactly what the requirement was. That was the token. You know, there's times in your life when you know, I think God gives you a settles it in your heart that you're you're living right. I think God gives us peace with that sometimes. I know we got high mountains, we got low valleys and and all this and sometimes you're on the mountain and God reassures you. You're doing exactly what I want you to do. Amen. I believe that with all my heart. God settles it. You're you're you're doing exactly what I want you to do. And and once that settles, sometimes he drops you back down and you you're wondering what what did I do that that I've I've applied the token to my life. I'm doing this. God, you gave me a piece and all of a sudden the world's falling down around me. Everything's falling apart. I don't understand the way things are going. In desperations in 63, the Bible said in Hebrews the 6th chapter, the rain fallth on the just and the unjust just the same. That's why you sit in service sometimes and you think everybody's got the Holy Ghost. You think everybody's got the Holy Ghost cuz everybody's jumping and shouting and moving. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. Amen. You might have been the person painting the taking the hissip and painting the the blood on the doorpost and you might have got some of that blood on you. You might have got it all over you when you was killing the lamb. But if you weren't behind that door, it don't matter how much blood you got on your flesh, right? It don't matter how much token you've got on your flesh. Yeah. God says it's got to be sealed to the day of your redemption in here. Right? We we get people all the time in every every service. We see it, you know, in meetings and and all this, you get people the spirit gets to move and it's the true spirit. It's the true Holy Spirit and it's moving through the place. And when it's moving through the place, you see people jump and shout. You've never seen jump and shout ever in your life. Oh yeah. They got a little blood on them. on their flesh. They might have helped painted on the door. They might have they might have just got close to somebody and the emotions ran over on them. It happens. It happens. Human emotion moved by spirit, the Holy Spirit on the flesh. That's why you you you see people that they get up and they they jump around. They run around. They they spin, they do this, they do that. Every time a fast song comes on when that song goes off, they stop. That's not the Holy Ghost. I'm not going to argue about about it with you, but that's not the Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost don't say, "Whoop! Brother Harry, quit playing the organ. I got to leave." It doesn't work that way. There was no music in the upper room. That's right. Amen. There was no music. In the Bible, it says there was music in the upper room that that they were singing and rising up or running my last mile home. The Holy Spirit, they were in one accord. The token came to them because they were in one accord with God. If this whole congregation would come in here on Sundays or Wednesdays, whenever it be in one accord, the Holy Spirit will move in here every single time because his covenant with you is unconditional. It's unconditional. Fast music is a condition, Brother Jimmy. It's a condition, right? Makes you want to dance. Human nature. I'm not saying that's wrong. I'm not saying that's wrong at all. I'm just saying the Holy Ghost is not one of repetition. He likes only believe. Prophet said that was his favorite song. Only believe. Bram said, "You've got to have the token." And when the token comes, it testifies of Christ. You're going to tell me that you have the token. So basically, you're telling me when I look at you, I see the life of Christ. And don't do it here this morning, but sometime when you're alone and by yourself, think about your life through the week when you're not at church and think, is that of Christ? Think about the actions that you do. The things you say, the little comments you make that might be a little off color. Things you say about somebody behind their back when they're not there. And when when you see them at church, you're buddy buddy with them. Come on. This is real. And you think when you're sitting in your car at home by yourself or laying in bed in the dark, think? Would Christ say, "That's my life." All right, brother. And I'm talking about all of us. All of us. Cuz so many times human nature gets in the way of, "Oh, Joe, let me tell you, I I I do a lot of repenting all the time." And you're going to God knows you make mistakes. That's why he made the covenant unconditional. Amen. Cuz if he had conditions, the Garden of Eden would happen all over again. His condition with Adam and Eve was conditional. His covenant, his covenant with Noah was conditional. But when Abraham come along, he was a friend of God. This was God's friend. He said, "I'm going to make a covenant with you." Look at look at all look at the children of Israel when they went through the wilderness for 40 years. You would have thought that God would have said, "Forget it, Abraham. Forget it. I didn't know all this was going to happen." He already knew. He already told Abraham, "Your your people are going to be in a strange land for 400 years." He already knew that. He said, "But I'm going to bring them out with a mighty hand." You think when God knew that he was going to bring them out with a mighty hand that he didn't know they were going to murmur, complain, build graven images? He knew it all and he still said it's unconditional. Lord, it testifies of Christ. He said it would. Christ is the word. How can you deny that the Bible is true, part of it, and still say that you have the token when the token is the testimony of Jesus Christ? Your token has a testimony. It has a testimony. It's a witness. Your token is a witness of the life of Christ. Amen. You see people have testimony services and nobody wants to say nothing. That again is human nature. Make Daniel boss stand up and see what happens. See, he spent his head down. He always says, "Man, I have no idea how you can get up there in front of people." But that's human nature, you know. It It ain't that you ain't got something to testify. God says, "I'll testify through your life." Yeah. When people look at you, they're getting a testimony. They're getting a witness. Amen. So, here's what he tells Abraham. Genesis 17. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and thy seed after thee, and the generations for an everlasting covenant, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an everlasting possession. I will be their God. That's what they're fighting for right now. They're fighting for what God gave Abraham. When God told Abraham, Abraham was still in a strange land with the Chaldans. He said, "Remove yourself. Follow me. Come out here. I'll take you there." He took him briefly into that land. And Abraham built an altar there because he knew he was coming back. Right? He built an altar that God gave him this. If God gives you something, you built an altar right there. If God gave you healing, you put it there. You might not you might not take it today. You might not accept it today. You think, "Well, patience, you know, I I want my healing today." God gave you healing. You build an altar on that word that God gave you and says, "Right here, God said I could have it." Amen. God gives you deliverance. He said he could have the Holy Ghost. Build you an altar on that Holy Ghost. Amen. Cuz God said you could have it. That's what Abraham did. And unto thee and thy seed after thee. Thou are a stranger all the land of Canaan for everlasting possession. I will be their God. And God said unto Abraham, thou shalt keep my covenant be therefore thou and thy seed after thee in their generations. This is my covenant which you shall keep between me and you and thy seed after thee. every every manchild among you shall be circumcised and you shall circum the flesh circumcise the flesh of the foreskin and it shall be a token of the covenant between me and you and brother Bram says this covenant that he made with Abraham included you right Jehovah Gyra 62 now there's been two covenants one of them was the Adam covenant God made a covenant with the mans if you will I will if you'll do this if you if you not eat of that tree then I'll do this but if you eat of that tree I'm going to do this right that's a conditional covenant if you do I will he broke it and then God made a covenant with Noah that was the Noah covenant and it was broke he made the Abrahamic covenant and the Abrahamic covenant according to Genesis 12th chapter was given unconditionally therefore it's eternal because it's uncondition conditional. Not if you will, I will. He said, I have. I've already done it. Thank you. He didn't He didn't wait to see what Abraham's reaction was going to be. He didn't wait to see, I tell you what, Abraham, this is going to be unconditional, but I need you to do this first. He gave you an unconditional covenant before you even knew there was a message. Amen. Before you ever knew there was this word for the last hour, he gave it to you in the mind of God. Brother Bam said, you received the Holy Ghost in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. Thank you, Lord. It was yours. So when you come into this this this earth and you come to the a message church or somebody witness to you for the first time. They was just telling you about the covenant God already had with you. Amen. This wasn't new to God. Oh, I've got a new one. Brother Rob, come out of the Catholic church. Oh, I've got me another one of the the beast people. God didn't say that. God had him before the foundation of the world. He already knew. He said, "I have everyone in my hand. I'll not lose a one. He was already in there. Brother Rah, sister sisters, Sarah was in the hands of God before the foundation of the world. And that unconditional covenant followed him, followed them, kept them safe. Maybe they would have heard something that would have kept them from coming here. But that unconditional covenant followed them until they they realized there's unconditional covenant. There's a token. When that comes inside, you don't look back, brother Rob. You don't look back where you came from. You don't look back to Egypt. You don't look back to Goan. You look to the promised land. Amen. Amen. Now, he's making the Abrahamic covenant. The Abrahamic covenant according to Genesis 12 chapter was given unconditionally. Therefore, it's eternal because it's unconditional. If you will, I will. I have. I've already done it. Not I will do it. I have done it. That's the basis of faith. God is determined to save a man. He make He makes a covenant. If you will, I will. He'd break it. Another one. You will, I will. He broke it. Man can't keep his covenant. So God saves man by his grace under a covenant that's unconditional. Oh my. Never ending. That's all of it. Three perfect. Noah, uh, Adam, Noah, and Abraham. That's the reason we are Abraham's children. This covenant cannot end because it's unconditional. It isn't because you do something. It's because God did something. Not because you chose God, but God chose you. I'm going to skip here a little bit. I want to look at Rahab for a little bit. We're all familiar with Rahab. Look, when you look at Rahab, you you of course we understand the story, the spies, the messengers that came to Rahab and how Rahab accepted them. She needed a token. Yeah. She needed a token to save her life and the life of her family. They didn't bring a token with them and give it to her. They didn't say, "We're bringing this to you. You hang this out your window." They didn't tell her that. She had to use what was she already had. She had to use what she already had. If you're a son, a seed, son and daughter of God, you've already got it. You might just not know it yet. Amen. But God's going to say, "You've already got it. That's what you use. You need faith, you already got it. You need healing, you've already got it, right? They didn't give her something new. They just and and when they came to her, she began to preach to them. We know who you you are. She was one of the first in the Bible, a gentile to use the name Yahweh Lord in capital letters. We know that your God is Lord and we we fear because of him. Now give me something to save me and my family. And what did they give her? Nothing. And before they were Joshua 2. And before they were laid down, she came up upon them on the roof. This is when she hides them on the roof. She already tells the man of the city that they've gone. She lied to them. They're gone. She said unto the man, "I know that the Lord hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen upon us, and all and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you. For we have heard how the Lord dried up the water of the Red Sea for you. You come out of the Egypt, what he did unto the two kings of the Amorites that that on the other side of Jordan. God will always have a testimony. Amen. This is a God's testimony. Amen. And if you have the life of God in you, you'll have the same testimony. Amen. You can't have God in here and not have a testimony of battles that you've won, things you've overcome, and it might have it might have taken years for you to win it. It might, but it's still God. Amen. Now, therefore, I pray I pray you swear unto me by the Lord since I have shown you kindness that you will also show kindness to my father's house and give me a true token. She said, "Give me one. You give me one. I can't give you one. You can't give anybody one. Brother Brandham couldn't give anybody one. But she didn't understand yet. Give me a token. Yeah. Wow. And thou will save alive my father, my brother, my mother, my brethren, my sisters, and all that they have. Deliver us from death. God's token with Israel carried a testimony. And Rahab believed it. She didn't she didn't see any of these battles. She didn't see anything that happened. She heard the message for the first time and said, "I believe that. I believe that's from God." Now give me something to anchor it in here. I need to anchor it in here. Give me something. But what they gave her was the same thing that saved them. Yeah. The scarlet rope, right? that saved the spies. The scarlet thread. Brother Bram said there's a tie of the blood. That's how they escaped. The scarlet thread, the scarlet rope. And they said, "Take this same rope and save yourself." The same blood Yeah. that saved us will save you. She already had it. Brother Bram says this harlot gentile watch all all her family. She was a believer. All her family had to get under the scarlet streak, that token. They had to go under and they'd perish. I had heard of the wrath of They had heard of the wrath of God. They had heard of the displaying of signs and miracles of God among his people. They had to receive it. She had to receive it. God's destroying angel was coming. They knew it. And Joshua was that angel. So, as as she has received his token and she puts it on display, she does exactly what she's told. She puts the scarlet thread on display out her window because death angel's coming. The death angel is coming. And as they begin to march, they begin to march around her city. You understand? There's a gentile, there was a gentile bride in there, a gentile bride in Jericho. And they begin to march around. First church age, they march around. second church age, they marched around the whole time. There's a captain in that army. He's looking for that scarlet thread. Amen. Every age, Christ was looking for that token. Yeah. Every single age. Why? There was a gentile bride in there. It might have been one people. Well, it might have been one person. But here, here, this army of the Lord is marching around. First church age, second church age, third church age. And they're coming to the seventh church age. The walls are coming down in the seventh church age. the walls. There's a bride that's going to be called out in the seventh church age. Why? Because she displayed the token. She put the token on display. She followed orders. Amen. And there was a captain in that army, which we know the story of Salmon. You know, historians and theologians say that he was one of the spies. We don't know. That's not in the Bible. But we know he was a captain in this army. and he went straight to where the token was at. Yeah. That's how she he knew where she was at was a token. You got to understand something with this covenant. Brother Brandham said there is no token when the covenants anoldled. If you don't have the token, God don't have to hold that covenant. Right? Amen. If you do, God says this, do what I ask. It's unconditional. But if you don't, if you don't do God's word, the covenant's null and void. Oh my. We'll wind down here, but look at the covenant that you've been given. Includes healing, deliverance, grace. There's so much that comes with the token. Everything that comes with the token. You know, we we it's as she come out when when she come out of of that that city out of the rubble. Here comes Rahab that maybe that the captain finds out where she was at, sees the token, goes to that household and pulls her out of there, right? Took her to the promised land. Yeah. And they founded the house of God's bread. Salmon was the one that built Bethlehem and she's the bride in Bethlehem. But when you look at this, whenever she steps out and goes into the promised land, she don't need that scarlet rope no more. She don't need it no more. She don't need grace and mercy from the from the Israelite army no more. She don't need that from Joshua. Why? Because she she married into it. She's into the promised land. you step in that on the other side, you you cross the river, whether it be by the the way of the grave as you sleep or if you're raptured up, when you cross over, you won't need grace no more. You won't need mercy no more. You can lay it down on the other side of the river. God's not going to say, "You don't got mercy. You don't got grace. You don't come in." God said, "I already gave it to you. You can lay it down over here. You can lay your token down over here because now you have me. Oh, you have me. Amen. Right. Your token has a testimony. We look at the scriptures and the scripture tells us we are written epistles read of all men. So when people in our workplace, in our schools, and we're out shopping or whatever, people look at our lives, what are they reading? When when they look at the way you dress, what are they reading? When they look at the the the hear the music that you listen to, what are they reading? When they look at what you're looking at you on your phone, what are they reading? You're written epistle. You are the Bible to some people. You are the B the only Bible some people will read. I wonder if we if we understand I wonder if we we fully understand how we're supposed to be with this token. The impact this token has on the lives of others. It's the Holy Spirit, right? What what what does the Holy Ghost do? It it came to save, come to heal, come to give new life, come to raise the dead spiritually. It came to raise the dead physically. This is the Holy Ghost. And it come to lead you into all truth. That's what the Bible says. It'll lead you into all truth. So people are watching you. Few days ago, Brother Donnie had sent us a the the ministers a a video an audio clip somebody had put on Facebook on on uh YouTube. Brother Brandon and Brother Brandon preach if if anybody ever gets a chance, go listen to Mother's Day in 59. Just listen to it. I just throw that out there. Brother Brandon was talking about the effect that we have on people here when we get over there. I'm anticipating that great crowning hour. As the light begins to spread, we will know as we are known. We'll understand. We'll remember our acquaintance and the ones that's been there. There'll be many there we didn't even think would be there. For you know it's at that time I believe that he's talking about we cast our bread upon the water as human beings. You cast your you're fishing, you're sewing, you're trying to get trying to be a witness, brother Jackie, you're trying to bring people with you. And when you get there on the other side, you'll be able to see those that maybe you thought didn't make it, but they saw your life. Your token was a testimony to them and they saw your life and maybe they made one comment. I want to be like them. I want to live the way they live. Let me I'm going tell you this and brother Ryan Kennedy was telling me one day that a nurse that he knows came in here and sat down in church. Said just come down. He knew her. He saw her later. My wife's going to kill me for this. He saw her later. He said, "I saw you at the church. What were you doing there?" He said, she said, "I I knew that's where Jennifer Hera wanted go went to church." Yeah. Wife don't wife don't even know her. People are watching you. Yes, sir. people, they know where you go. They know what you believe. They know that, you know, they might call you a cult, but others are very complimentary. And for one word of kindness, you walk into that city, there they are. Can you look at your life this morning and say that you are where you need to be? That if somebody looked at your life today, this very minute, if they looked at your life, would it get them in? Are you living a life that would pull them in to eternity? cuz that's what you're doing. Your token is pulling people into eternity that you didn't know. If you get up in the morning and think of that today, I can make an impact. You may never meet him, may never see him, but you live a life that pulls people into eternity. Because the token in your life was sent here to save. And it's not going to stop because it's in you. It'll still save through you. Praise the Lord. For you know that time I believe that bread that we have cast upon the human troubled waters returned to us that day. When we see the effects of our testimony on people that we didn't understand their actions towards it. Somebody made a comment and you didn't you didn't know if it was good or bad. You know, I I I lived rented for years from this lady that for I don't know, nine years. I don't know that I've ever had a human being message or not in message that was as good to us as that woman was. I longed to see her again. She never said one word about where I went to church, what I believed. She would bend over backwards to make sure we were blessed. I'm going to see her again. 100%. I got no doubt. And the impact that your life will have, just understand this. What side of that judgment bar do you want to be standing on? When people look at you and say, "They lived a life in front of me. I was having a bad day one day. I was thinking about suicide and they they walked by me and they said a kind word. I was as low as I ever was. Never been lower in my life and they come by and said a kind word to me and that changed my life. Or are you going to be the one that said, "I didn't know you went to church there. I I'd never seen you raise your hands. I I'd never seen you worship God. Is Is what side you going to be on? Because I promise you, there's going to be one side or the other. That's right. You're going to either be the one that pulled them in or you're going to be the one that blocked them. Oh my. Amen. You are not to be a stumbling block to anybody else. Amen. Let's stand together. Brother Brandham says, "And also the seeds that we sowed, not even thinking what they would do, but there they are. The seeds you sowed brought people into eternity." That's something to think about. the actions that we do in front of others. That's something to think about that your very actions is sewing seeds. And then it could pull people in. They brought forth precious fruits and we'll see them on that day. The wayward loved ones and relatives. Let me tell you something. People, don't you worry about your loved ones. Mamas, don't worry about your kid. I'm going to read you something here in a minute that if you're a mom and you have a backslid son or daughter, if this don't make you rejoice, I don't know what will. In the same message, Mother's Day, like I say, if you can, please go listen to it. Brother Brandon was talking about the things in our minds that, you know, we never we didn't understand these these things, the questions that been in our minds. How can how can he do it? Somehow mysteriously they'll fade away. The knots that have been tied in the back of our minds, will it be this? How could it be this? Somehow majestic fingers will just untangle and unravel those knots and it'll fade away into one big crown of love. And then we shall see him. Then we shall be like him. Then we should worship him. We will see mother as God wants her. Mother will not be complete there without her family. And God knows that. Don't worry about your family. Oh yeah. We look at them now. We see the situation. They're backslid. They're in this. They're in that. And human nature reminds you have a promise. Amen. Keep applying the token. Fifth gospel. You keep that token cuz it don't matter where he goes. The token that you've applied to is to follow him will follow him. The fifth gospel you've preached to him for years will follow him. Will follow her. Thank you. You'll see them on that day. Praise the Lord. Cuz the greatest time of all of her life is to see the children around the table and all of them healthy and happy. To see her pour the coffee or whatever she does and fixes supper and her and dad sit down. That's the happiest time of God in in mama's life and see your kitties. Then God, that's how God wants her. Lord, that's how God wants to see her. Let's bow our heads. I pray that something was said that would quicken your hearts this morning. I know I I jumped back and forth and I missed a whole bunch of stuff, but that's just what I felt. the Lord had first this morning. Well, if you could say this morning, Brother Joe, I have the token, but I need to let it live in my life more. I I need it to to I want to be a written epistle that people look at me and they read the token in my life. That's my desire. I I that that's what I want. As as the days grow shorter and shorter, look at the world. If you if you don't understand the Bible, look at the world. It's falling apart. Things are coming together. Everybody's coming against Israel and it's going to come at one point. Then America's going to turn their back on her as well. But we look at the situation that the world is in the chaos and all that and God's given you peace with the token. We can look at it and not worry. We we can look at everything that's falling apart and say and say, "I have peace." Amen. Because in goan, God applied the blood. Amen. You have any other needs on your heart, you want to bring it before the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you so much for your word this morning, Lord. Lord, I I had no idea, Lord, how to start this or which direction to go, Lord. I thank you so much for your leadership, Lord. If there ain't but one soul that hears this, whether it be streaming or sitting here, Lord, your work is perfect always. Lord, we we we we've talked about the token this morning and how important it is to have that applied to our lives so that others might see it. Lord, Lord, it behooves us to understand and know what our lives are speaking. Father, is it of you or is it of flesh? Lord, help us this morning, Father, that if there's anything in our life that's displeasing to you, Father, help us to get it out. Lord, just to know and understand that your covenant with us is unconditional. Despite all of our mistakes, despite all of our faults and our failures, Lord, and I know I've got many, but when you look at me, you look at that token life. You don't see my faults, my failures, Lord. And I'm so grateful for that. Meet every need here. Touch every heart. Father, I pray that you would, Lord. I thank you for, Lord, helping them sit and listen. Jesus, we thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. Go sing something. Let's worship him this morning. Let's just worship him as we sing. We've opened up the pages of your word [Music] and we hear the preacher preach this sermon. Lord, I want to become what I have heard [Music] in front of me. I see Christ's living image. That's what I'm walking toward. Cuz your desire for my life is to have the life of Christ live in me. Not my life and yours, but yours and yours alone. Father, let your kingom come. I will let your will be done. Your desire for my life is to have the life of Christ live in me. Not my life and yours, but yours and yours alone. Father, let your kingom come as we let your will be done. Lord, you're calling me to a higher place to walk with you each and every day. As I pray and read my Bible, you will keep me in revival and lead me into a body change. Your desire for my life is to have the life of Christ live in me. [Applause] Not my life and yours, but yours and yours alone. Father let your kingom come. Father let your kingom come. As I let your will be done, your desire for my life is to have the life of Christ live in me. [Applause] Not my life and yours, but yours and yours alone. Father, let your kingom come. I will let your will be done. [Music] Christ alone will I glory. Though I could pride myself in battles won. [Music] I've been blessed beyond measure and by his strength alone I overcome. [Music] Oh, I could stop and count successes like diamonds in my hand. [Music] For those trophies could not equal to the grace by which I stand [Music] in Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, [Applause] my source of hope is in Christ alone. In Christ alone will I glory. For only by his grace I am redeemed. And only his tender mercy could reach beyond my weakness to my knee. I see no greater honor than just to know him more and to count my gains as losses to the glory. of my Lord in Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said on me. My source of strength, my source of hope is in Christ alone. In him I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, [Applause] my source of hope is in Christ alone. [Music] Amen. You certainly appreciate the word of the Lord this morning. Amen, brother Joe. Amen. Let's sing this little course. Amen. Give the Lord a hand this morning. All my hope is in Jesus. Let's sing that this morning as you're dismissed. Amen. Don't forget the signup sheet in the library if you haven't signed up for the meetings upcoming. Amen. Just be in thought, be in prayer for those. Amen. As well, let's sing this little course as you're dismissed this morning. Oh, all my hope is in Jesus. Thank God that yesterday's gone. [Music] All my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God that yesterday's gone. All my sins are forgiven and I've been washed by the blood. I've been held by Savior. [Music] I've felt fire from above. I've been down to the river. I ain't the same prodal return. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God that yesterday's gone. All my sins are forgiven and I've been washed by the blood. I'm no stranger to a prison. I've worn shackles and chains. I've been freed and forgiven. Oh, I'm not going back. I'll never be the same. And all my hope is in Jesus. Thank God that yesterday's gone. All my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. Oh, my hope is in Jesus. Thank God that yesterday's gone. All my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God that yesterday's gone. All my sins are forgiven. And I've been washed by the blood. Oh my hope. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music]
