################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-14 - Godliness Pt.10 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-14
Title:   Godliness Pt.10
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stm04dStPnY
========================================

Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. his Power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power. the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be free from your burden of sin? Would your evil a victory win? Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Now would you do service for Jesus your king? Sing it. Would you live daily? His prais is to sing. Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power. the precious blood of the lamb. Amen. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise this morning if you believe that. His power is just as real today as it ever ever has been or ever was. Right? Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Now, look at your neighbor. You may have to look a long ways this morning, but look at your neighbor. Tell them you're glad to see him this morning. What a what a privilege it is to be in the house of God. So glad for all of you that could be here. I know there's there's others that would love to be here, but the weather has kind of messed things up for him. So, but we're glad that that you're here this morning. Most of all, we're glad that the Lord is here. Without him, it don't matter who's here, right? But with him, we'll just have a real real good time. Do you love the Lord this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Give him one more good hand clap of praise. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. If you're visiting with us today, we want to say we welcome you to the service. Brother Brad, Sister Sarah, glad to see you all with us at the service today. You're not visiting, you're just home for a while, right? But Brother Brad will be leading us to the Lord in prayer this morning on behalf of our prayer request. Any other visitor that we may have, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you here. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want this service to be a blessing to them, too. Right? Say, "God bless all of those folks." &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to look at her prayer request this morning. Uh Sister Janet Payne, uh first first and foremost, she says she wants to thank the Lord for healing her heart. It's no longer in AIB, and she praises the Lord for that. Amen. Thank the Lord. Well, he's a heart healer. He's a heart mener. Amen. Brother Roger and sister Sue Miller, uh they're requesting prayer for their daughter-in-law. She's been told that the bones in her right foot are completely crushed and she's not uh been able to put any any weight on it at all. Surgery is not an option since it is so bad. We know that God can put every bone back into place and would appreciate your prayers. also keep our son in prayer since this has put a lot of responsibility on him. So we certainly want to pray for that need today. The Lord would be mindful of that lady. Prayer for sister Shirley Robbins. A lot of pain in her back. So let's remember her today as we pray that the Lord would touch her. Brother Sister Baker, they're both not uh feeling well this morning. Ask for prayer. So we will remember those folks as we pray. want to pray for a Suzanne car. Uh severe health situations the Lord knows all about. I believe she's from over in Canada. So, we certainly want to remember that prayer request this morning. The Lord would be mindful of that. Want to pray for Autumn Hughes has to go uh for an ultrasound. They're suspecting something wrong with her pancreas or her gallbladder. So, they're asking we would remember her in prayer today. As we pray uh for a past coworker, friend dealing with thoughts of suicide and depression, needs the Lord in his life. Brother Chase Hughes sends that in. So, let's remember that as we pray today. Sister Jessica Bracken is asking for prayers for her uh a legal situation for for her son. So, they're asking that we would remember that situation today. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is asking for continued prayers about the situation near her home and for healing in her body. Let's remember that this morning as we pray. Charles Anon sends his healing prayer for April Wiser. Also traveling mercies for Mary and Brandy Anon. We just commit that unto the Lord. Ask God to move on that behalf. Brother Keith Phillips says uh he had root canal surgery this past week. It was rough, but the Lord brought him through. Thank you for your prayers. He has a crown put on Tuesday. So just continue to pray for brother Keith this morning. Brother Joel Brown is requesting prayer for a friend by the name of Leah Moore. She is suffering from blood pressure issues and it is adversely impacting her health. Please pray that God will move on her behalf. So let's remember that today as we pray. Brother Glenn Tamlinson, this is a prayer request for me. I put in a couple them earlier today or should I say last night. While I'm in the ER at the hospital, they're trying to get my blood pressure stabilized. They're probably going to be admitting me and just ask for prayer that the Lord would be completely in charge and that the blood pressure would stabilize. Also dealing with congestion from a very bad cold that I've had for over two weeks. So, I'm asking for prayer that for that as well. And uh he just wants to thank you for your prayers and may God bless you all. So, we want to remember that prayer request this morning. all the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's tremendous needs in our assembly today. So, we want to remember those needs as we pray. Uh a couple of announcements for Christmas cards from brother Donnie and sister Carol. They're available in the library, one per family until further notice. So, remember that if you want to go by and get those, they have those in the library for you. Uh we will be having a special service on Saturday, December the 27th that will include communion and footwashing. The service will begin at 6:00 p.m. So remember that. And of course, I think most of you are aware there will not be any service on 12 uh 24 this year. Uh so let's remember all these announcements. God's good, isn't he? &gt;&gt; You love him with all your heart this morning. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "I love you." Somebody say, "I'm glad he loves me." Praise the Lord. Let's sing just a tad bit more of that song as Brother Brad comes. If you will stand with me, would you commit these things unto the Lord? Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power. were wondering power in the preious blood of the lamb. &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful for the power? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Power in the blood. &gt;&gt; We'll sing greetings from brother Jason in the church there in Bethl Tabernacle. We're happy to be here. It's cold. We're freezing. But be will be leaving a little while back south. Let's go before him in prayer. Remember all these requests. Heavenly Father, Lord, we always want to thank you first, Lord, for an opportunity to be in service, to come to a church, Lord, that we have a place we can come and worship, gather with people that believes the same way. Father, what an honor to be here, Jesus. I just pray, Lord, we place this service in your hands. We want you to feel welcome. We don't want you to leave sit in a corner somewhere unwashed feet. But God, we're here to wash your feet with our praises, Father. Lord, these requests in my hands, Lord, there's no way to remember all of them, but Lord, you heard them, their names spoken as brother Louie read it. Each need, Father, serious needs, Lord, we know you're a healer. We know what you can men bones, Lord. You can heal the brokenhearted. Father, you we know what you can do. Father, you're a healer. Father, we trust that you're going to move for each one of these. Every hand that was raised, Father, may you move for that request. Father, those that's traveling, Lord. Those that's could be in the service, those are streaming. Lord, we come to you needy tonight, Father, today. Lord, will you bless this service, bless our singing, bless Brother Donnie as he comes forth to bring the word today. Father, we come expecting to hear from you, Father. We give you praise in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. God bless you brother. &gt;&gt; We appreciate brother Brad and sister Sarah, don't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. Always got a got a place in our heart. So we're we're just thankful that God has given us another privilege to come to the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; He woke you up this morning. &gt;&gt; He didn't have to. He let you have a right mind to come to the house of God. Aren't you glad for that? the blessings of the Lord that we take for granted so many times. He blesses us in so many ways that we don't even we don't even think about. He protects us so many times we're not even aware of. I appreciate a God like that. Don't you? &gt;&gt; And I appreciate a God that will correct us from his word and tell us to straighten up and get our lives right. I appreciate that. Don't you? &gt;&gt; A lot of people gets mad. They like these feel-good churches and that God bless them if that's what they want to do. That's their business. But I'm glad we come to a house of correction. Aren't you? &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Now, look at your neighbor and tell them it's the truth. Anyhow, praise the Lord. Ushers, if you want to come this morning at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering. Let's sing an old song this morning. It says, "Just a little while to stay here. I believe our days are getting fewer all the time." Don't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing about it this morning, if you will. Soon this life will all be over and our pilgrim age will end. Oh, soon we'll take our heavenly journey. Be at home again with friends. Heaven's gates are standing. Open waiting for our entrance there. Some sweet day we're going over. All the beauties there to share. Oh, just a little while to stay here. Just a little while to wait. Just a little while to labor in the path that's always straight. Just a little more of trouble in this low and simple state. It will enter heaven's portal, sweeping through the pearly gate. Soon we'll see the lights of morning. Then the new day will begin. Soon we'll hear our father calling. Come, my children, enter in. Then we'll hear a choir of angels singing out the victory song. All our troules will be ended and we'll live with heaven strong. Oh, now just a little while. Oh, sing it. Oh, just a little. Oh, now just a little more of trouble. All it will enter heaven for doors sweeping through the pearly g. Oh now just a little while to stay here. Just a little while to wait. Just a little while to labor. Oh, now just a little more in this low and simple state. It will enter heaven's portal, sweeping through the pearly gate. Soon we'll meet again our love ones. Oh, say it to him. Soon we'll press them to our bosom. All then we'll be at home forever. Well, what a blessed blessed morning. Oh, sing that chorus now. Oh, now just a little while to stay here. Oh, just a little while to labor. It's not just a little more of trouble. Yes. Now then we'll enter heaven for praise the Lord. You're sounding so good this morning. I appreciate your participation. God bless you. You can be seated today. Got a couple of songs. Brother Davy's going to come at this time. give us a song and then I think the choir may have a couple of songs for us today. Not exactly sure how they've got that put together, but we'll just enjoy it, won't we? &gt;&gt; Are you glad to be in church? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. Oh holy night, the stars are brightly shine. It is the night of our dear Savior's birth. Long laid the world in sin and error pinging till he appeared and the soul felt its worth. The thrill of hope. The weery world rejoicees for yonder breaks. A new and glorious mourn fall on your knees. Oh, hear the angels voicees. Oh night divine. Oh night when Christ was born. Oh night. Oh holy night, oh might divine. And truly he taught us to love one another. His law is love and his gospel is peace and chain shall he break. For the slave is our brother and in his name all oppress shall cease. Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus raise we let all within us praise his holy name. Christ is the Lord. Oh, praise his name forever. Oh, his power and gloryy. Now we all proclaim his power and glory. Now we all proclaim. Oh, fall fall on your knees. Oh, here hear the angels voicees. Oh night divine. Oh night when Christ was born. Oh night divine oh night. All night divine. I just sing to him all the time. Appreciate Brother David, don't we? Amen. Appreciate our choir this morning. Give them a nice hand as they come. God bless you. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord. Sing it now. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord. I believe that lasted wanted to make sure everybody knew he was coming. We appreciate our little choir, don't we? God bless him. Give him one more good hand if you would. The shepherds came to see the baby stood by his mother's side. Here lay the Savior inside a manger. Oh, what a glorious night. Oh, what a glorious night. I hear the angels sing. Hallelujah. Let the earth receive her king. I know. Sing it out. Jesus Christ is Lord. Jesus Christ is born. The shepherds wonder they couldn't hide it. Told everyone inside. All were amazed when they heard how God came down on the glorious night. God came down on this glorious night. I hear the angels singing. Hallelujah. Let the earth receive the king. I know has come. Sing it out. Jesus Christ is Lord. Jesus Christ is Lord. Glorious. Glorious. What a glorious day. Glorious, glorious. What a glorious. I hear the angels sing. Hallelujah. Let the earth receive her king. I know the love has come. Sing it out. Jesus Christ is born. I hear the angels sing. Hallelujah. Let the earth. I know. Sing it out. Jesus Christ is Lord. I Jesus Christ is Lord. All is calm now. All is quiet. A star shining in the sky. Below in Bethlehem, the king is sleeping. Oh, what a glorious night. Oh, what a glorious night. Praise the Lord. Amen. Countless days on a jour led so far. Endless nights they travel to follow the star. They did not find a palace, just a humble v home and searching for a king. But finding a child, no crown, no throne, still they bow down. Come, let's adore him. Oh come, let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Turn to my story. For nothing was like anything they dreamed, anticipating the royal and those honored by this word. Instead they gazed in the aruck eyes of a lonely hes and earth holding her child. Come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. The brilliant gold, the fragrant bird, the costly fra naked sins place be him. Come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's stand together if you will. It's time to go on into the service. You know the the day or the night when our Lord was born. Brother Brandham said he was born over a a manure pile. There's no room for him nowhere. They didn't have room for him then. They don't have room for him today neither. But I'm glad because he lives. We can face tomorrow. Because he lives, not because something you've done or I done. It's because he lives we can face tomorrow. Give him another good hand clap of praise. It's because he lives I can face tomorrow. And because he lives, all our fears are gone. Say it now. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. because you live. And our life is worth the living just because he lives. One more time with all your heart. Oh, it's because he lives. Let's sing it together. All fear is gone. He calls my Lord. Oh yes, Lord. He holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Praise the Lord. Isn't it a wonderful privilege to be gathered together again here today in the presence of God? Wonder how many has a prayer request on your heart. We're going to pray over the word and got a couple of prayer calls here. Um, Sister Sue Miller's daughter-in-law, um, Brother Louie may have already mentioned it, but really in the need of prayer. Sister Bean also has a need of prayer and a request. It's one thing that we so love about our Lord Jesus. Whether your need would be so small and insignificant compared to others or so large that it would seem nearly impossible, but he can take care of every one of them. &gt;&gt; And he believes it with all your heart. &gt;&gt; Let's just bow our heads together. Lord Jesus, as we approach you today, Father, we we are thankful for this privilege and opportunity. And we're grateful, Lord, that we have a desire to gather together like this, not just at Christmas time, not just at Easter time and special occasions, but really to your children, for those who are truly born again. Coming to church itself is such a special occasion because we get to see each other, fellowship with each other, worship together and Lord God, but most importantly from you. We want to say that we thank you for coming to our world to take part of our sufferings and our humanity. We are indeed grateful, Lord Jesus. Father, as I hold in my hand today these prayer calls, you see these needs and Lord God, they need you to move for them and help them. You saw the hands that were uplifted here today, Father, and no doubt many at home today. I know different ones are sick and couldn't be here and their hand also went up. So, we pray that you'd go there and be mindful of them as well. Dear God, we're believing you today that you would speak to us. We have been invited to your table. And as any father who had the ability would spread forth delicacies and fine culinary artistry, oh, we believe nobody can prepare for us like our father can. So, as we've assembled here today, we pray that you'd minister to us. We've come to be helped and encouraged. Yes. But we've also come to here where we can move up and where we can be more consecrated to you. So help us today. I pray. Father, anoint me, Lord. Help me to get out of the way. I pray in the name of Jesus. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; How many appreciates the opportunity of getting to come to church? Amen. &gt;&gt; I saw this week on a documentary about church and going to church. Just in the year um 2025, there have already been 15,000 churches in America that have shut down. 15,000 because people don't believe they need to go to church anymore or they're too busy or they got too much going on or whatever. And I thought, how sad. And they were showing some of the great mega churches in America and all the different, you know, 10,000, 12,000, 17,000 and showing the inside of them basically empty, buildings shut down. &gt;&gt; Well, the scripture tells us that that would come, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; But I'm grateful that we have a desire to still obey God's word and come together. Amen. &gt;&gt; Read with me if you would second Peter 1:2. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. According as his divine power, I want you to notice what Peter attributes this to. It's not just the knowledge of God or an understanding of God, but his divine power hath given us unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us unto glory and virtue, and whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature. Having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, to temperance patience, to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. May the Lord add blessings to the reading of his word. You may be seated. So this great virtue called godliness which simply means to be like God. Can God Almighty expect human beings that are born in sin to ever have any traits or characteristics like him in this life? Aren't we all marred? Aren't we all uh faulty and flawed? Yes, by birth we are. But Peter didn't say because of what we had done. But he said that by these these divine promises, you might be partakers of what? Your father's nature, your mother's nature. No, of the divine nature. And of course, we know this is why the Lord Jesus come to the earth was that we might be able to be partakers of the divine nature. Does it include dos and don'ts? It does. God's word always has things that he wants us to do, things he wants us to refrain from doing. But it all depends upon the source of how a person looks at it. Some people look at it, okay, just tell me what I got to do to get there. Tell me the minimum. give me the MDR, minimum daily requirement, and tell me what I've got to do and just I'll do that. I don't want to do any extra. I want to make it in. I don't want to be lost. I don't want to go to hell. Um, you know, we realize there's something wrong with that person's foundation when they look at it that way. Everything that he gave for us, if he demanded everything that you and I are and everything that we have, it would still be nothing in compared to the price he paid that we could even be saved. Amen. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Saved, much less to be godly, to be like God. So, we know when our Lord Jesus was here on the earth, that he was the first one that was ever able to express godliness to this degree. The righteous people in the Old Testament, and there were some, the prophets, the judges, different ones, they were able to do certain things. God attributed righteousness to Abraham because of his faith. But it wasn't faith alone. Abraham had to do certain things. You imagine an old man and God tells him to be circumcised. Wow, that's quite a demand. And he not only has to be circumcised himself, but he has to circumcise all those in his household, all of his servants. And it's going to be an identification down through the age. So faith is absolutely what we believe. Works are the things that we do back in answer to what God has done for us. And the Lord Jesus when he comes on the earth, he's the first one to be able to express this. So as Paul says, for without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. For God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, received up unto glory. So it was God in the form of humanity. So he got sick, he got weary, he dealt with all kinds of human disappointments just like we do. And yet the Bible says he was without sin. And in that part, we could say, "Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. We we can we can reckon that. We can understand that was him." But he was born of a virgin and we're not exactly right. But it's not our natural birth that makes us holy anyway. You understand? It's not our natural birth. It is not our association with this church. You can quote your Bible from Genesis to Revelation and still be as lost as you could be &gt;&gt; because it's not just knowing about God in the head. It's experiencing God and your soul. So the Lord Jesus comes that he might be able to give to us of his own divine nature and that we could be partakers unlike the people that Paul wrote about in the book of Hebrews. That we're partakers of the word of God and partakers of the powers of the heavens to come and yet wind up being lost. We don't want to be partakers in that sense. We want to be partakers of the divine nature. And I realize in the age we live in, people want God to do everything and them to do nothing. Absolutely nothing. They don't want to go to church. They don't have to. They don't want to live right. They don't think they have to. But they definitely want God to save them at the end of the way. Everybody's going to heaven anymore. You knew that. All right. Okay. Everybody's going to heaven. People can live any kind of want to live. And yet they die and you pre hear the preacher preach their funeral. Oh, they're walking down streets of gold. I hope not. Because if some of the ones you see in the age we're living is going to be there, heaven will be turned into hell in about a week after we get there. &gt;&gt; Lying, adultery, all the same old filth that exists now. But don't worry, heaven does not consist of such. &gt;&gt; So God has has this great program. Notice with me in Hebrews chapter 2:1. So Jesus displayed godliness in the flesh when he was here. But he didn't just want to be the only one that would do that, but he wanted to be the first begotten for the dead and the firstborn among many brethren. Hebrews 2:11 says, "For both he that sanctifith and they who are sanctified are all of one, for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren." So God in his electing love by Christ's finished work at what he did at Calvary perfectly sanctifies his brothers into the service of almighty God. Now the question of course would be well is everybody that goes to church a brother of the Lord Jesus? No, I'm afraid not. There's only one way to get there. For by one spirit we're all baptized into that one body. Is that right? Three elements came out of his body. Water, blood, and spirit. Guess how you'll get back into that body. Water, blood, and spirit. So he did this once and for all. All those of course that will receive it. Then they are progressively sanctified by the transforming power of God. So he saves us and forgives us of our sins. Then we enter into these stages of the great work of God. Many of you have been there for years. haven't you? I've been there since I was a 12 year old boy. I'll be 70 in July. So, I've been here a long time. But yet, it's progressive. I'm growing. I'm finding out more about him, learning more about him. If I find something wrong in my life, I just ask him to help me and I move on till he shows me something else. And then we just keep moving, moving, sanctifying oursel by the grace of God. And so, the sanctification is glory. Notice this. Glory working in the embryo stage. Sanctification is the glory of God working in the embryo stage to where God is still working on us and making us and shaping us. Oh, I'm so grateful for that. So, he wants to sanctify people unto himself. Notice in Hebrews chapter 10 verse1 14. For by one offering he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. For by one offering he has perfected forever them that are sanctified. But notice how the perfection comes. God has a divine order or a divine protocol by which this works. So they don't get perfection as soon as they repent. They don't get perfection as soon as they come to an altar, give their heart to God, as we would say. But he says, "For by one offering, he has perfected forever them that are sanctified." Notice coming under the cleansing of the blood and the reciprocating work of God inside of your soul. Only God can do that. We can't do it. Now going back again to Hebrews 2:1 to where that he says that they both he that sanctifith and they who are sanctified are all of one. For which cause he's not ashamed to call them brethren. Now to Paul this was a great emphasis because knowing what we were versus what the Lord Jesus was. It would just be typical that he would be ashamed to call us his family. Now, I've got family members I don't mind telling you, but I wouldn't want some of you all to know. I've got family members that I wouldn't want probably to trace in my genealogy and my DNA. And probably some of my family wouldn't want other people to know they're kin to me either. And no doubt some of you little holy, righteous people sitting here today, you've got people in your family, oh my, I ain't worried about looking up the the family tree and finding monkeys. It's bank robbers and and liars and thieves and drunks and yeah, it was your family that shot my family for being horse thieves and then it was some of my family that shot your family for, you know, whatever it was they done. But the Lord Jesus comments, Paul's reaction to this was that you would think he would be ashamed of us by what we were and what he brought us from. But he looks at us as his family, as the redeemed of God, and says, "I'm not ashamed. I'm not ashamed." Are there people that we go to church with that you're ashamed of? Are there people that have done things in our church and, you know, maybe it caused a scandal among this or that or the other, and we kind of hang our head because, oh my goodness, they go to our church. We don't want nobody to know they go there. But yet the Lord Jesus looks at every one of us and our faults, our failures, our shortcomings, and he says, "I'm not ashamed to call you mine. I'm not ashamed to call you mine." Now, this is godliness. &gt;&gt; We need more of it. &gt;&gt; Come on now. We're talking about being like God. So, how many Christians can do this? I ain't talking about the length of your hair, sisters. I'm not talking about I don't do this and I don't go there. I'm talking about more than that. I'm talking about being like God. &gt;&gt; So notice he is not ashamed. So it would have been naturally anticipated that the son of God, the word, the logos, the holiness, the purity of God would be ashamed to be even identified around people. But yet we know Jesus reputation is made by being around such people. You know the woman who touched the hymn of his garment, she would have not been allowed to touch even a Levite, much less a high priest because it would have defiled them. But yet she touched the Lord Jesus and it delivered her. He didn't look back and say, "Woman, shame on you. What in the world you doing touching me? Don't you understand? You defile me." It didn't defile him, but it cleansed her. &gt;&gt; Now, think of it that God so wanted to bring us back to this place and restore us back to what Adam lost in the Garden of Eden. So, to call them brethren is for him to acknowledge himself as being one of the same family. So, was Jesus a Reagan? Was Jesus a ward, a smith, a hornad, a yons? No. So he didn't come and take on your name. He took on a body like yours so he could rebirth you not into the Ordd family, but rebirth you into the God family. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can anybody say amen this morning? to rebirth us into the God family in order that he in turn not once we get our glorified bodies. Jesus is not waiting on the time for us to be changed and get our glorified bodies in the resurrection and then called us brothers. He does now. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Notice again in verse 12, saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren. And in the midst of the church, so you see Jesus believes in going to church. So Jesus is going to do this in church, saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren. In the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee. So the Lord Jesus believes in going to church and then he believes after you get there you're supposed to sing. Even if you can't carry a tune in a lard bucket, he wants you to sing praise anyhow. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad that you don't have to be a great excellent singer for God to want to hear your voice? Now notice the identification of the logos of God, the Lord Jesus, which was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. And then of course we know in 2 Corinthians 5 that Paul says to it that God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. So this is the great work that unfolded from Calvary. How we thank God for the manger. How we thank God for Calvary. But Calvary is not the end. It's just the beginning of leading us to where? To the book of Acts, the experience of Acts chapter 2. Cuz even after the Lord Jesus died and rose again, Peter and them still was not truly born again yet. Why? They had never yet been to Pentecost. So if the cross was enough, then the Lord Jesus would never have to tell them go to Pentecost. But what did he tell them in Acts 1:8? and you shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you. Well, why didn't Jesus do like a lot of the modern-day preachers say, "Everything's done. I've died on the cross. I rose again. You don't need anything else. That ain't the way Jesus preached it, and that ain't the way I preach it, &gt;&gt; and that should not be the way you believe it." Amen. I believe on the cross. Wonderful. Thank God. But you've also got to receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now notice to be godly then brings us into the divine family of God in so much that he said I will declare thy name unto my brethren in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee and again I will put my trust in him and again behold I and the children which God has given me. Behold I watch he's standing right among them. Brother Daryl. So, it's not like the Lord Jesus is way up there in heaven somewhere and we're down here like a bunch of slaves and servants and we just have to beg and weep and cry for a crumb. No, but he said he's standing right among them. And he said, "Behold, I and the children which God has given me." Do you understand, friend? We are fastly approaching the day when the Lord God by his word wants us to be able to behold the true church and the Lord Jesus right there in the midst of his people. Notice in verse 14, for as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood. He also, he also himself likewise took part of the same that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death. That is the devil. I'm not sure if the devil knows it yet, but he's dead. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm not sure if the devil knows it, but his kingdom is finished. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure that he understands it yet, but his days are numbered. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Notice in verse 16, for verily he took not on him the nature of angels, but he took on him the seed of Abraham. Now this is his divine purpose to we might be partakers of the divine nature. And then the attributes the the virtues that Peter wrote about the seven virtues which will be be capped off then by the eight which is charity on top. it will lead us into this. And a person may be in that stature for years of God molding them into that place. Notice Peter didn't write this just after he himself got the Holy Ghost. This is years later after Peter had done been preaching, had done been out doing missionary work, all kinds of things. And then the Lord drops the understanding down in Peter's heart. I wonder if it was not because he himself had finally arrived at that spot because he had grown. He had learned things about the family of God. He had learned things about the brothers and him and Paul had some issues. You remember that? And Peter even after he got the Holy Ghost and and some of the Jews comes from James and uh Peter was among the Gentiles and boy they was just rejoicing and praising God for what God had done. And when the brethren came from Jerusalem, Peter because of a little sectarianism, because James and some of the brothers up there, they was still struggling, you know, with the Gentiles being accepted on the full-fledged redemption as far as what Jesus had done. And when Peter saw him coming, he he just kind of pulled away from him a little bit. Now, you can imagine the great Apostle Peter. So, Peter would have come to our church today and some of the brethren from Jerusalem come in. Peter been hugging all you brother's neck and shaking your sister's hand. Oh might been up here just hugging brother Louie. Praise God. This is so wonderful. You bunch of Gentiles got saved and some of the Jews from Jerusalem walked in the back door and Peter said, "Excuse me there, brethren. I'll tell you one thing. I just uh uh yeah, glory to God. Hallelujah. Abraham was our father. Where's you?" And Paul rebuked him to the face. That's right. &gt;&gt; So, you know what lets me know? Peter had not yet reached the stage of brotherly kindness. &gt;&gt; Peter had not yet grown into the fullness of the image of godliness. For God accepted the Jews and the Gentiles on the same basis. But Peter couldn't because the brethren from Jews made him feel bad. &gt;&gt; Peter lacked godliness. Well, come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; That encourages me, Brother Brad. I think, praise the Lord. That gives me hope. That gives you hope. &gt;&gt; Is that right, brother Matthew? That gives us hope. So, here's a man that God is using and done great things. But this is not the anointed walk. This is not something that comes as a divine gift for God. These are virtues that are molded in the Christian walk with God. This is why some people will never have them. They don't want them. They don't think they're necessary. They're simply pointing to the cross and they never move beyond the cross. And yet the man, the only disciple we know of, John was at the cross and he himself stood there, watched the Lord Jesus die. The rest of them had done gone. And yet John, amazing to me that John didn't write near as much about the cross as some of the other brothers did. And he was an eyewitness of it. But he wrote about love and he wrote about charity and he wrote about the Holy Ghost and he wrote about forgiveness. Wonder why? Cuz John saw the cross was simply the pathway to lead us back on the other side of the breach to where man could be partakers of the divine nature. Oh, praise be to God. Notice this. Wherefore in all things it behooved him to be made like unto his brethren. So he loved you so much that he had to become like you. Why? So you could be made like him. So what is God wanting of our church? What's God wanting of Word of Life Church? Does he want us to be able to take shoe boxes, and we've done that. Does he want us to be able to help people in the time of the hurricane, and we did that, and the flood and the destruction and the devastation? Yes. Does he want us to reach out to humanity? He does. As a matter of fact, we've drilled water wells in different parts of the earth that you don't even know anything about to give people water. We built churches in in Africa, in Uganda, in Kenya, in Tanzania. We built churches in the Philippines. We've got them in India, all over the world. Is that all God wants? Is that godliness? In one way, yeah, but a very small way. But you see, many times it's easier to reach in that back pocket and pull that wallet out and drop $20 in the offering, go $100 in the offering than it is to reach inside of your heart and part with jealousy &gt;&gt; or envy &gt;&gt; or strife. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To be like Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Wherefore in all things it behoove him to be made like his brethren that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest. Now this is why it becomes this way. Not only just for the cleansing of the blood but also that after now remember this is when he goes up into heaven because on the earth Jesus was not acting in the full scope of being the high priest. He was not acting in the full scope of the work of redemption. But after he dies and then Mary of course comes and he said, "Don't touch me. Don't touch me. I've not yet ascended into my father." So what's he doing? He's taking the blood as the high priest to go into the presence of God and become that offering. Then once he does that, he comes back down and then he tells Thomas, "Come and touch me." Why? He had done been offered in the presence of God. But he's not just doing it for the blood. But since his ascension and been gone for 2,000 years as far as the corporal body, he has been acting as our high priest. Not as one that could not relate as an angel and you'd come to an angel. Angel, I sinned today. Angel, I I looked at a woman. I had bad thoughts. I'm so sorry. Or look at at at God. Now, Almighty God, you cannot relate to me, but I I I've done wrong today. I've said something wrong. God said, why would you do that? How come you would do that? But God wanted a priest. A priest that would become a human. And when that human would be raised into heaven, it would be our earthly identified brother ascended into a heavenly position on our behalf. &gt;&gt; The devil ain't got a chance of winning the case against you. &gt;&gt; Woo! Oh, glory. The devil ain't got a fighting chance. Oh, he may bring our faults before the throne of God, and we know he accuses us day and night, but you know what? When we repent and make that thing right before God, there ain't one speck of evidence that the devil can use against you. &gt;&gt; Notice this. So it it behooved him to be made like unto his brethren that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. Now you know then the writer comes and says little children John of course little children I write unto you that you sin not. But if any man sin we have an advocate and the Greek word is paricletos which is one called alongside to help. We have an advocate with the father which is Jesus Christ the righteous which is not only the perpetuation for our sins but the perpetuation for the sins of the whole world. You mean as Christians? How many still needs a high priest? &gt;&gt; Wow. We must have a bunch of angels here today too. Wow. We welcome you too. Holy angels. I didn't think angels would have gray hair. How many needs a high priest? Ah, not near as many angels as I thought. every one of us do. And the closer we get into the light, the more little things look dark. &gt;&gt; So, it's amazing when you're in the world of darkness and you don't realize how dark you are. And then you're totally transformed by the power of God and Paul says it that ye who were sometimes darkness are now made light in the Lord. He didn't say you were in darkness, but you were darkness. So, your soul was blackened by demonic power. And we know that that we were under that demonic influence and that unclean spirit lived in us. We look at it Lord will win on Wednesday night. And whenever that unclean spirit if it's made to leave it has no right or authority to come back. But if that unclean spirit goes out on its own then the Bible says according to the Lord Jesus that unclean spirit walks through dry places. Dry. Is that a strange word? The Lord Jesus uses about demons. So that unclean spirit walks through dry places. He's thirsting. That demon is in a thirsting sphere of his life. Dry places. And he's seeking rest. A demon seeking rest. Why? Why in the world would a demon want rest? Now remember, they're just about helpless until they get inside of a human body. And that's the way all of us were. So when the spirit of God come into our heart, drove out that unclean spirit. Now remember Jesus gave us the the analogy of this that if that unclean spirit goes out of a man and he walks through dry places seeking rest, seeking rest, a demon seeking rest and findeth none. And he said, "I will return to my house." &gt;&gt; So he's still claiming it at his own. Amen. &gt;&gt; So he claims it as his own because the spirit of God has not yet come into the soul. And when he comes back, he looks at the house. It's swept. It's garnished. So it's been saved. It's been sanctified. A work of God has done something tremendous in that life. But this is the catcher right here. It is is garnished and swept, but it is empty. &gt;&gt; So it's a person that's cleaned up their life. Boy, they're not the person they used to be. My they they love God. They're going to church now. They're doing really good deeds, but they're an empty Christian. They've not been filled with the life of the Lord Jesus yet. And that devil goes back to his house and he looks inside of there and it's all beautiful and clean and sanctified and washed, but there's nobody living in it. That's right. &gt;&gt; Then the Bible says he gets seven other spirits worse than himself. &gt;&gt; And the latter days of that man was worse than the first. Now you see just being a professing Christian, it's wonderful to accept Christ as your savior. But you cannot live in this life a cleaned, washed, sanctified building without the presence of God and have the same power that the Holy Ghostfilled child of God does. And the church said, &gt;&gt; you see, this is what he come to do. Not say, well, I believe in the cross. I believe in the blood. I believe in mercy. Well and good. That's swept, garnished, and empty. But what fills us? Not knowledge, not churchity, not church works. what the very life of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. For by one spirit we are all baptized into that one body, not by accepting the cross. Holy Spirit baptism. Notice in verse 18, for in that he himself hath suffered being tempted. Now remember God, God in the form of flesh was tempted and it wasn't an act. He suffered. How many knows temptation can cause you to suffer? It can be a pain. It can be an anxiety. What is it? What is temptation? It stems from lust. What is lust? Coveting something that does not belong to you. Now, many times people think, "Oh, it's lusting after somebody else's wife or their husband." Well, that can be true. It's lusting after their home. It's lusting after this. It can be one preacher lusting after another preacher's position. Oh, &gt;&gt; it can be one song or one song leader, one song writer, one singer lusting after another singer's position. It's anything that does not belong to you. Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; It's one preacher wanting to be the pastor of another church that maybe God never called him to be. &gt;&gt; Don't just make it adultery. Don't just make it about money. Let's get down in there where we all live at. Amen. &gt;&gt; So the Lord Jesus felt that. So when Satan comes to him in Matthew 4 and Luke 4 and he offers him the kingdoms of the world. The scripture said that he showed him of course to him. He just appeared in a dimensional. Remember the devil's a dimensional build being. So he can travel in time. He can go backwards. He can go forward. And he was able to carry the Lord Jesus upon the pinnacle of the temple. And the Lord Jesus as a man was tempted to do that. Why would he allow himself to be tempted for me? &gt;&gt; For you. &gt;&gt; So when you are tempted, you can go to a high priest and say, "Lord Jesus, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I I I was tempted to do this. Unlike him, he he was tempted, but he never yielded." &gt;&gt; But how many of us have? &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Now, how would you like to have a judge, not a lawyer, but a judge every time you go before the throne of God for repentance and all you have is a judicial judgment based upon your works &gt;&gt; and your failures? &gt;&gt; I don't figure I'd be here preaching today. &gt;&gt; I don't figure most of you would be here either. We'd be so discouraged, we'd think, what's the use? &gt;&gt; But what do we have a lawyer? A lawyer who was a human being &gt;&gt; who was tempted by women, &gt;&gt; tempted by drinking, tempted by money, tempted by everything that he could be tempted by, and yet without sin. Who better to have for an attorney? Praise be to God. So when you come up before your attorney, what is he doing? He's not standing there and taking sides with the opposition against you, but he's saying, "Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do. Father, forgive them. They don't know what they do." I understand how that feels. Father, I also was a man. Father, I remember that. I remember how I felt in the Garden of Eden. I even asked to let this cup pass for me. I did not want to die. I did not want to pay the supreme price. Father, I know when they say, "I don't want to do that. I I don't want to do that. I don't want to preach. I don't want to preach that sermon. No Lord, please don't make me do it. Father, don't hold it against him. Forgive them. Father, I understand what that's like. Oh, thank God for such a high priest. &gt;&gt; Now, you know, in that we know that God hates sin. So, if God hates sin, to be godly, to be like God, we got to hate sin as well. But remember, God doesn't hate the sinner, but he does hate sin. And what is sin? Sin is unbelief. And sin did not begin on the earth in the garden of Eden, but sin actually began in heaven. Isaiah 14, Ezekiel 28, you can find that one. Satan said in his heart that he wanted to be like God, which is the beginning of sin right there from the heart of this supernatural being. And he says he wanted to be like God and he wanted a throne like God and he wanted to be exalted above the star stars of God. If you look at that word in the Hebrew, it is the progeny or the Messiah's brothers. So he wanted to exalt himself above the stars of God and he wanted to ascend up on the sides of the north, the north side. He longed for the north side. And when he did, then this is what introduced it into his heart. Then he goes and preaches to the angels there in heaven. Never smoked, never lied, never committed adultery, and they made their choice to leave the economy of God. This is the origination of sin. Then Satan of course wants to have a kingdom. What good does it do to have a desire to be a king if you ain't got a kingdom? So he wants a kingdom yet he's unlike God and that he cannot create. He's not omnipotent. He's not omnipresent omniscent. Neither is his demons. Now keep this in mind that Satan is not omnipotent. He's not omnipresent. He cannot be everywhere at one time by his omniscience like God can. He can only be in one place at one time. and so can his demons the same way. Now think then what's he do? He spreads across the earth since the fall of man in the beginning and in different times he's had his headquarters built up in different parts of the earth. So in the beginning of course it was outside the garden gate when he come down upon the earth and then he began to move and then he would come from one kingdom to another to another and he would have his headquarters in Paris France or he would have his headquarters in Germany or he would have his headquarters wherever it was and of course we know one of the last places that he's been has been in Hollywood and then from there he would project what his ideology to make the people of the earth to be like him. So by movies, by video games, by music, by all kinds of things, he gets his people, he orchestrates them, anoints them with demonic influence. They will write songs, they will design picture shows, they will design all types of things to bring the people of the earth into the imagery of his kingdom. I realize people don't even understand and they think, why do y'all preach on clothes and why do you preach you shouldn't do this and do that? cuz we don't want to look like we belong to the kingdom of hell. That's why &gt;&gt; if there's not identification about it, why is it that it's so trendy? And why is it that Satan has pushed it since the very fall of man in the beginning? So, he knows exactly what he's doing. And then here we are on the earth redeemed by the power of God. And everywhere we go, we look and see. And we see the conditions of the earth are worsening every day. And the imagery is pretty evident by the people that we can see. So the majority of humanity, they are self-centered. They are self-willed. This is why they're nearly run over you. If you go to try to get a parking spot in Walmart and they're in there, they're going to get it and you better not get in their way. Why? It's all about self. This is why people drag a gun out. You pull over in front of them on the road and they'll kill you, right? We never even heard of this rage years and years ago. But where is it now? The image of the world is taking on the image of Satan and selfishness that I want to know friends how come we as Christians so emphasize on self &gt;&gt; me mine I I don't like this I don't want that I want this I want that that's not the talk of God Jesus said father not my will but thy will be done &gt;&gt; now remember what are the people of the earth doing they're conforming to the image of Satan because the power of the beast is already here. This anti-semitic thing that we see around the world, the nations of the world and every nation will look at it when it's in outward. But every nation of the earth is controlled by spirits. You know that according to Daniel 10:20 and there's demons that are sent to be able to influence and affect people. And then that chamberlain or that demon over that area will project a certain demographic over the people there and control them. America is also under such a thing. Satan controls the political parties, both of them. &gt;&gt; That's right. Satan is the king of politics. God's not a politician. That's right. But Satan is. And what does God do then? God wants to call his people out from among that. And they're going to live right among them. They're going to rub shoulders with them every day. But he don't want them looking like them. He don't want them talking like them. He don't want them acting like them. And yet there's never been such an influence like on the world today. And we know that certain demons then are released out of the abyss and the regions of hell at certain times. You remember that of course in the book of Revelation. So there's a key and then the key which many times is a time sequence on the earth. And there's certain prophetic words that need come to pass. And God will allow certain things to come out of the regions of the lost and begin to move upon the earth as God himself has a certain sequence in his word which we'll look at it Wednesday as I'm saying and Daniel chapter 10. When Daniel got to seeking the face of God and praying, and what was it about? Because he had been reading in the books of Jeremiah, a prophet which had already uh lived his life and was gone. And he read that there was 70 years that God's going to bring them out of Babylon. So there was a prophetic word that had a se a certain timeline. And Daniel was praying about that timeline. And whenever he starts praying, this angel of God comes down, which was Gabriel, comes down out of heaven and he comes into this Persian empire, Babylonian, Persian. Now he's fixing to change dispensations. And he comes in there and this angel withstands him, fallen angel. He fights him for 21 days trying to break through, break through. And he cannot break through until Michael the archangel comes down from heaven. And then Michael begins to withstand this demonic power and releases Gabriel. And Gabriel goes to Daniel. And he one of the first things he tells him was why he was late. So he goes there with what? An understanding, an understanding. It didn't come to priests. It did not come to good people. It did not come to just any regular Jew, but it come to a prophet of God. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; "A prophet of God." And he said he had come to show him that which was these words noted in the scripture. Noted in the scripture and whenever he makes it known to him that he releases and he goes back and he said I will go back and fight with the prince of Persia and remain with him and he mentions princes and also kings. So there is a hierarchy in that world. Oh may God help us. Do you understand what we're dealing with today friends? We're not dealing with people. Don't you understand? Even when trouble comes in among your family and you go to arguing and fussing and debating about this or that or the other, whatever it is, don't you understand that it's not necessarily your wife. It's not necessarily your son, your daughter, your husband. It's them evil spirits. Evil spirits is what gets in churches and causes them to fuss and argue and split and debate. That's why we got so many churches in the land. The First Baptist and the Second Baptist and the 38th Baptist and the 49th Baptist and the 157th Baptist. Why? Demons got among them. Come on, don't sit there and look at me funny. It's the same thing in our own ranks. Them demons are doing the same thing. They're dividing us and separating us and the ungodly in their character will go. Many good people, many good people will take sides with a demonic anointing that's trying to divide a family, a demonic anointing that's trying to divide a church. And they think it's so awesome. They think it's so wonderful. You know why? They're missing godliness in their life. Are they saved? Sure, they're saved. Are they good people? Yes, they're good people. But they don't realize they join up with a demon, which is God on somebody trying to divide a family, separate a family, whatever it is, and they're on the wrong side. It amazes me how many people in church will wind up on the wrong side of an issue. &gt;&gt; Woo! Preach, Brother Donnie. &gt;&gt; Can anybody say amen, Brother Donnie? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, do we want to be like God &gt;&gt; or do we want to be like the devil? &gt;&gt; Now, do you understand that you can fit the criterion of a holiness image and yet still not be godly in this aspect? You see what the Lord wants is that he hates sin. But he has the ability of dividing the sin from the sinner and saying, "I hate what you were doing, but I love you and I'll offer you a way out." &gt;&gt; But if we're not careful, we'll hate the sin and the sinner at the same time. I can't stand that person. I'll tell you one, I can't stand them. Well, you know, I understand as far as being able to to to be able to stand being around them and the things they do and the language they use and that sort of thing, but if we're godly, there should be something in us that we don't just have human anger because they say words that we don't like or they behave in a way that we don't like. There should be a godly love, a pulsation of that new birth in our soul that we say, "I I feel so sorry for them poor people. They don't realize what darkness that they're in." Amen. &gt;&gt; Is that the way you want to be? You know what you're doing? You're climbing up the pyramid to be more like God. Then you're looking at them and saying, "God, have mercy on them. God, please help them. Please, Lord, if there's anything you can deal with, open their eyes, Lord. They're in such darkness." And you know what? Me and Carol talk about it all the time. And we always come back to this. And wasn't for the grace of God, we'd probably been the same shape or worse. You know why? Because it's the mercy of the Lord Jesus. Oh, I'll tell you one thing. I'm a great Christian. I do this and that. You ain't got nothing to brag about. I don't care how long you've been saved, what you've done or ain't done. It's the mercy of God. &gt;&gt; Watch. God's prophet said, "God hates sin." How is God, the Holy Spirit, going to live in a person that's always committing sins, going out deliberately doing this and that, running to these kinds of places? That's what's the matter with the church. What you say, brother, I spoke in tongues. I don't care what you done. If your life don't type up with God's Bible. I've seen witches and wizards speak in tonesues. I've seen them dance in the spirit and everything else. America's rotten with Tommy rot. I believe in speaking in tonesues. I believe in every gift in the Bible. And we believe the same thing. &gt;&gt; I believe in it. But it's got to be put in the right place and carried on in the right way at the right time. And God will vindicate every bit of it to to God be the truth. Now you remember that Paul had to deal with this in the in the Corinthian church and the people were coming together and they had gifts of tongues and healings and manifestations and great wonderful things. But they had not moved up yet into the realm of godliness to where they should be because when they'd get under the anointing, it was just all about them. Oh, glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. and they're speaking in tongues and interrupting the pastor and they they they just are doing a little bit of everything. Why did they lack the spirit? No. Did they lack the anointing? No. They lacked godliness. &gt;&gt; Why would God give you his word and give you his divine protocol and then him anoints you to do the exact opposite that his word told you not to do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So they lack the understanding of godliness of whatever you feel led to do. Remember, God will never lead you. God will never lead you to go contrary to his own written word. But the reason people do it is because a lack of godliness in their life. And they go by the feeling, the sensation. Oh, I I've got to do this. I I feel I've got to do it. I I've just got to do it. And they'll step right over the top of the word of God. And you show them scripture. You show them the message of their Oh, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I feel led to do it. I'm going to do it. Well, it shows right there. I don't care if it's a preacher, if it's a singer, if he's been preaching for 300 years and he's got 75 churches and whatever he's done. It makes no difference. The spirit of God will never leave his word. &gt;&gt; We will, but God don't. &gt;&gt; And the church said, &gt;&gt; and notice again, he said, "But God hates sin. He will not let it go unjudged." And the very thing that destroyed the unbeliever took the believer to safety. It was the waters of judgment that destroy the unbeliever. and the same waters that packed Noah to safety. And it's the gospel message that will destroy the unbeliever that'll take the church in the rapture before the judgment ever strikes. So this thing has always been here, but especially in the New Testament because the New Testament brought it into a spiritual dimension to where that Satan must now very much cloak himself. In the Old Testament, physical idolatry was something that constantly uh you know was a was a a stumbling block to the children of Israel. And they would they would worship Kimosh and Baal and Asteros and all of these gods and goddesses of the people of the Canaanites. But once it come to the New Testament, then Satan knew that would no longer work. They're they're no longer, you know, that's why you don't find Kimosh in the New Testament. You don't find asteroth in the New Testament. You're not going to find it there. But it's going to be changed from natural idolatry to spiritual idolatry and spiritual adultery. So, I don't know if any churches here in our area, do you have a statue to Kimosh? Anybody know of one? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Anybody know of a church in our area has a statue to Baal? &gt;&gt; Asteros. The last count that I had, the Hindus had over 33 million gods. And all Christians of America would call them heathens. Why? Because they're worshiping. And I've been there in some of their their services and the things that they do. It's absolutely demonic, believe me. &gt;&gt; And yet, what is it though? It's a natural realm. So, they march around this temple and they gather around there, put fish hooks in their back, put pins in their tongue and blood coming out of there like crazy. And yet, it's something natural. But yet, how many people in the Tri Cities area around the world, not just here, but they worship idols, too, but theirs are spiritual. So it's their jobs, &gt;&gt; it's money, &gt;&gt; it's their image, &gt;&gt; amen. &gt;&gt; You ever wonder why gyms are exploding in the age we live in? &gt;&gt; Where people can go and work out and this and that and the other. Don't you understand what a lot of that is? Worship &gt;&gt; of the human body. &gt;&gt; Brother, are you saying I shouldn't exercise? Nope. I'm sure not. But I will tell you what Paul said. Bodily exercise profit. &gt;&gt; It's amazing how many adulteries start from such. &gt;&gt; Well, I figured y'all would get a little bit quiet. I just didn't figure the bottom would fall out of it. Don't you understand what it is, friends? It's Satan. It's the ungodly spirit of this age that is moving on people for them to want to worship their own body. &gt;&gt; So they'll stand in front of a mirror and flex. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, you don't on this arm anyway. About like Popeye, huh? Right. So, they stand there and flex their muscles and their abs and their whatever else they've got and they do all this and that and the other. Don't tell me that you can go to a place like that when you've got male flesh and hum female flesh being exposed and in an all type of contorted positions and then not bother you as a man or a woman. &gt;&gt; I'm going to call you a liar to your face cuz you ain't telling the truth. &gt;&gt; Well preach, brother Donnie. &gt;&gt; What is it, though? Satan is bringing man to the spot to where man will worship himself. He's his own God. Why do you think self-help books and self-help podcasts and self-help this and self-help that has exploded in our age? Because Satan is giving to man this thing that he is a god. Don't you understand the same thing that he offered Eve in the Garden of Eden that God knows in the day you eat thereof you shall be as God. &gt;&gt; So what did Satan want to do? bypass the very program of God and bring to her a knowledge about herself, &gt;&gt; not about God. &gt;&gt; He showed her things about herself. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That she never knew, &gt;&gt; her shape, her form, her fashion. &gt;&gt; Then she was able with that knowledge to take that to her husband. Woo. &gt;&gt; It's warm in here today, ain't it? &gt;&gt; Oh my. And yet all of this is around us every day of our life. Look friends, where we are. Do you understand that the gladiators in the Roman days were gods? &gt;&gt; Do you understand that people made gods out of in the arenas? I've stood in some of the arenas and coliseums and things that the Romans built and it becomes such an an idolatry thing. It's the same thing today with many sports this and sports that. Many Christians are drunk on sports. They know more about football and baseball and basketball than they know about their New Testament. &gt;&gt; I'm not saying it's wrong for you to play basketball. I'm not saying it's wrong for you to even to listen some of it. Unless you become so tied up in that that you know more about that than you don't know know about getting out of this world or some wrong. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I guess I'll be standing on the side of the road tomorrow. One of them sides. I will work for food. Carol standing behind me. I'm going to tell you the truth. &gt;&gt; I know you may not like it, but I'm going to tell you the truth. You see, it's totally impossible for us to love the world. Now, when I say that, I'm not talking about the earth, but the Greek word here, of course, is cosmos, which is the world order. So, it's the order of the day. The believers in every age had to conflict and contrast with the order of their day. And Paul's day was totally different than ours, but yet they still had things there. You imagine the Romans were so ungodly in the Greeks and so filthy that they'd have rational message and they'd be out there naked. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What in the world is a Christian got any business going to a naked ration match? &gt;&gt; They had all kinds of things. It's every every believer in every age has had an element of worldliness that they had to stand against and they were made fun of. Don't get it in your mind. Well, we're the only ones. No, you ain't the only ones. You're just the last ones. Amen. Cuz we're at the end time. &gt;&gt; Notice this in Romans 12:2 that Paul said, "Be not conformed to this world." Be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind. Now, you passed many of them coming to church today. We got one right out here on this poll. What is it? A transformer? We got this transforming station right behind behind the the pavilion here. What does it do? It puts in certain voltage, runs it through those transformers, and then it changes it from whatever it is to thousands and thousands are coming right over us this morning. It totally transforms them. God takes our dirty, filthy, smuddy life and kills that old nature. We go through the transforming power of Jesus Christ and we come out of there a dynamo filled with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Not a weak person that can barely hang on from day to day, but a child of God that stands up there right in the middle of hell and say, "I'm standing for Jesus whether I feel it or whether I don't." I don't care what the devil says. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Come on, somebody. And when you're faced with opposition, what do you do? You quote his word. If ye abide me and my words abide in you, ask what she will. If any two on earth agree as touch in one thing, it shall be done. You have asked nothing in my name, but hitherto asked that you might receive. Oh, hallelujah. And you're right there. What happened to you? You went through the transformer and your life got changed. The doctor says you'll never get well, but your faith has come through the promise of God. By his stripe, I'm already healed. Cancer, leave my body. Sickness, leave my body. You can't do that on your own. But it's the transformer. But Satan don't transform, he conforms. &gt;&gt; So he puts images, styles, &gt;&gt; methodology. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine what some of our great grandparents would say if you'd show them your iPhone after church? &gt;&gt; Can you imagine what they see? and you'd pull up different things and they'd think you you can see all that from from there. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, we can we can do this. Oh my goodness. Boy, we're so blessed. Are we &gt;&gt; Some of you is addicted to your iPhone or your Droid just as bad as a drug addict is to their drugs. &gt;&gt; You can't stand it. It dings and you know whatever all the sounds, you've got a sound for every other thing and you can't even stand it. you're so addicted to it. I I sent shared an article the other day with someone where they was talking about and it was a scientific article of course not a preacher but they was talking about how that the people and they give an analogy of a woman sitting there and she had got to her desk and it was 8:00 and by 8:02 she had done looked at her her phone 14 times by 8:20 it give how many times and went up to lunchtime several hundred times in the day and it's showing what it's doing to the brain Australia is looking at at laws right now of forbidding their used to have access into the internet because they're doing all these studies on the brain and showing that it's taking away. People can't even make conversation anymore. A lot of people can't even write a letter no more. All they know is texting. Come on, somebody. Don't you see what Satan is doing? He's changing the world. Look at AI. I saw it last night or read it where that the by survey, a recent survey, 61% of pastors are using AI to write their sermons. &gt;&gt; So, just in case you're wondering, mine did not come from AI. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. AI is writing songs. AI is singing songs. AI is coming up with all this. What in the world do we need? AI for it. We need J E S U S. If we're not careful, we're going to have an AI church, an AI Christians, an AI this, and we'll all wind up in an AI hell. But I'll tell you one thing, friend, AI is never going to replace the new births of baptism of the Holy Ghost. It will never replace anointed men of God that are led by the spirit of God. Oh, hallelujah. I don't care what Satan does. He will never get God's people to conform to his image because they've already been transformed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Be ye not conformed to this world, &gt;&gt; but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Notice 1 Corinthians 7:13. And they that use this world, here's your balance right here. And they that use this world as not abusing it. I don't mind telling you, I was really glad to get in Carol's little Buick and vision this morning and push that button and push the button on the garage door and back out of the driveway. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I'm glad I didn't have to go out in the cold and get old Bessie and put the bits in her mouth. &gt;&gt; Do I look like an Amish? Now, I'll tell you one thing. If it gets down to 9 degrees in the morning, ain't you glad you ain't got Bessie? &gt;&gt; What are we doing? We want to use this world, &gt;&gt; but not abuse it. &gt;&gt; I am so grateful for medications and things that God has allowed science to break into that helps the human race. as a pastor for decades and having to visit hospitals and seeing saints of God and go into the places where I've had to go and pray for people and see them in the state they were in. Even my own daughter Erica seeing the last months of her life and especially the last few days and few hours of her life seeing her suffer with such pain. How grateful I was that God had allowed science to break into a realm of medication to help ease that pain of the departure. &gt;&gt; Any of you that's lost a loved one and suffered, you know what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; But that very same medication can be turned right around and abused. &gt;&gt; Look at the difference between use and abuse. Can you imagine? You've got a loved one and there's such horrific pain that they're screaming and dying, which is the way it used to be years ago. &gt;&gt; They would scream and die with pancreatic cancer and all types of different thing. It would have been absolutely horrific and it would have made an imprint on your mind that some of us would have never gotten over the rest of our life. Thank God God allowed them to break into something that we could use. But how many people abuse the same thing on the streets? &gt;&gt; The thing of it is, are we using the world &gt;&gt; or are we abusing it? &gt;&gt; They that use this world as not abusing it. For the fashion of this world passes away. Look at the word abusing. I ain't even going to try to to pronounce this word, but it means to use much or excessively or ill. So it doesn't mean in the way that we would think abuse, but it's not carrying the enjoyments of it to any excess. So it's the proper use. But what's the difference between use and abuse? Sure. &gt;&gt; I know of several different saints through the years that maybe had a traumatic accident or something happened to them and they wound up being given a script for different pain meds of this and that and the other and they break over maybe one time and they're just in such pain they just can't take it no more. They break the order of the prescription and then they have to have it more and more and more and more regularly and more regularly. &gt;&gt; That same thing that helped them cope has now addicted them to its abilities. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Drive your car. Put Bessie in the barn tonight. &gt;&gt; Drive your car. Yes, use your computers. Use your phones, but not abuse. &gt;&gt; Don't let them control you &gt;&gt; to where you become the addict &gt;&gt; that you're addicted to fashion, addicted to science. Don't you understand? This is where the whole world is heading. And the sad part about it is friend, many of them are Christians and they're just as addicted as a sinner that don't know anything about God. &gt;&gt; But they do their religion. They go to church once a week. If they go to church, many of them don't go to church anymore because they don't think it's necessary. They'll go out just work on Sunday, you know, just do this and do that and go here and go there and do whatever on Sunday. If they're a great Christian, they have tattoos. You know, they're Christians and sword of the spirit and this that and the other. What is it? Empty vessels. &gt;&gt; Come on. They that would use this world make a necessary proper use of raignment places to worship. What is all this in your days? Is anything in your heavenly? &gt;&gt; No. It's all of this earth. &gt;&gt; I'm grateful for a sound system. &gt;&gt; I'm grateful for a microphone. &gt;&gt; I don't like ties cuz I hate suits, but it goes with my vocation, so I got to wear them. I'm glad we don't have sandals. I hate sandals. &gt;&gt; That's one of the reasons Jesus didn't let me live 2,000 years ago. He knew I'd never go around barefooted. I'm a tenderfoot. We want to use it, but not to where it turns around on us. &gt;&gt; And then we become abusive. And the very thing that we're abusing starts controlling us. How horrible it is when we as Christians are being controlled by things &gt;&gt; things. Lord Jesus, let me find a place to stop. James 4:4. You adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? Whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is an enemy. You can't get no plainer than this, friends. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; An enemy. The enemy of God. So, Brother Don, I go to Walmart. Should I be mean to people? No. When I go to Lowe's and you brothers go into Lowe's and buy your building material and you do this that should you be mean to every light and I'm speak nobody to turn. No, let your light so shine. &gt;&gt; But whenever we become to where we're closer to the people of the world than we are Christians &gt;&gt; and we'd rather hang around sinners and repbates than we would children of God. &gt;&gt; There's something wrong with us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God. So friendship with the world. Now James written this wrote this 2,000 years ago. And he identified it as people committing adultery. Strange, isn't it? Adulterers and adulteresses. So he uses it in a figurative figurative metaphorical style to where they would be able to relate to it. So it would be as a woman that's giving her affections. Start out first with her affections touching whatever and then initially it's going to wind up with her body if she goes that far or the man and they wind up giving that to another. And James uses this to be able to say this is what happens whenever you will give the world your affections. &gt;&gt; So those of you that scream and holler at a ball game, &gt;&gt; how do you do when you come to church? &gt;&gt; Come on. rut row. &gt;&gt; Oh, but I'm not an emotional person. I've done seen some of your pictures of you all at sporting events. You ain't going to convince me you're not emotional. &gt;&gt; Your grandson gets out there, he's knee high to a grasshopper, and he hits that ball out there three feet for the preacher. &gt;&gt; Amen. and you go to church and et &gt;&gt; we're not worshippers. We're &gt;&gt; nodders. &gt;&gt; I don't want your &gt;&gt; I want your amens. &gt;&gt; Not only do I want them, God wants them. &gt;&gt; I did a wedding here yesterday. One of the little bitty guys from the church was here. Him and his little brother. His older little brother was looking at him and said, "That's brother Donnie. That's brother Donnie." And his little brother is with him. And he looked at me and said, "Amen." I thought, "How awesome." That's right. That's what we want our children to learn how to say. I don't mind them saying, "Oh, I'd rather they say that than basketball, baseball, soccer." When they see me and they say, "Amen." I take that as a great compliment. &gt;&gt; I saw him several different times yesterday out in front over in the fellowship hall. Every time he'd get around me, he said, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. That's the way I want to do the word of God. And every man of God's preaching, I want to say, "Amen." I want it to come up to heaven that I'm saying, "Brother Brad, amen." Amen. Lord, if the world can laugh and scream and holler, what about us as children of God? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. But a woman that would give her love to another man, if it was no more than wink at him, you wouldn't want your wife doing that. If it was no more than just sending him a text and there's only one and you never send another one, you would never want your wife to do that. &gt;&gt; Neither does Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He don't want his wife flirting with sin. &gt;&gt; He don't want his wife texting hell. &gt;&gt; Amen. Right. &gt;&gt; But Jesus wants all her love. &gt;&gt; And he deserves it all. &gt;&gt; Oh, sure. Love your family. Absolutely. Love getting together with them. Love holiday time. Don't just love holiday time. Other time. Remember, God gives you people in your life and one day he will call them back. They're a great treasure to you. Let's stand together. Amen. &gt;&gt; You see friends, to love the world in this sense, it makes it a competitor to God. So it's like both God and the world are competing for your time. &gt;&gt; The deep sense of your affection from your soul. Can you like basketball? Sure. Can you like football? Sure you can. To me, a lot of that stuff makes no sense at all. And I know some of you say, "Brother Donnie, you go hunting." I'll tell I'll tell Carol, "We went to Illinois hunting and she said,"What's the weather going to be?" I Well, it's going to be 8 one morning. It's going to be 9. She said, "Donnie, that makes no sense to me. You're going to get up 4:30 in the morning. You're going to put on clothes and wind up looking like the abominable snowman. Get out there and walk in there and sit there for hours and you may not even say anything." thing. I said, "But you may." &gt;&gt; And even if I don't, I've got my iPad with me and I've got my phone with me and I've got a little MP3 player with me. Believe me, you have benefited already from my hunting trip in Illinois. &gt;&gt; But each one of us have things that are of this earth that we enjoy. We like some people walk in the park, some people ride a horse, some other I wouldn't give you a nickel for every horse that you could get. Well, you have something you like. &gt;&gt; Is that wrong? No. &gt;&gt; Not unless you make it wrong. &gt;&gt; And it gets so much a hold of you that's all you think about. &gt;&gt; May God help us. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many wants to be godly? &gt;&gt; It's just the length of your hair, your dress. Your brothers, oh, you want to be godly. Oh, I don't want to visit porn sites. I don't want I'm talking about that, too. And I'm talking about things that in reality sometimes it gets down to only you and God &gt;&gt; know about it. You see, we want to be the type of believers that we live the same kind of life whether we are by oursel &gt;&gt; or if the pastor's sitting right next to us. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Or even more so, the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Do I believe it will happen? I don't believe it will. I know it will. My God don't say things that somebody ain't going to fulfill. &gt;&gt; And by his grace, I plan on being one of them. &gt;&gt; If I have a right to choose, and I do, then I have a right to choose to live this way. &gt;&gt; Cuz you're afraid. No. No. I am not afraid I will go to hell because I never come to from hell and I'm not going back to it. &gt;&gt; I choose to live this way. I choose to live this way. &gt;&gt; I love it myself. &gt;&gt; I love this life. I love being a Christian. I love hearing God's voice. &gt;&gt; It's just it's just absolutely one of the most awesome things in my life is for him to speak to me and give me a word. Whether it's a word for a funeral, a word for somebody that's sick, a a sermon title, whatever it is, just to hear from him. And sometimes it's just words straight to me just to let me know. Want to let you know I love you today. &gt;&gt; I'd rather have that than all the things of the world you could pile in a pile. &gt;&gt; Cuz after a while they're all going to burn. &gt;&gt; We love our new place, don't we? Our church. God's been good to us and blessed us. But you know what? One of these days this will be turned into ash and rubble. So what do we come here for? To get something from the word so we won't be turned to ash and rubble with it. &gt;&gt; One of these days my Bible will be destroyed and burned just like yours. My iPad contains hundreds and hundreds of sermons that are preached around the world. But one day that iPad will be nothing but ash. But I won't be &gt;&gt; cuz I'm taking what I'm putting here in this iPad because these sermons ain't just for you. They from the preacher, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Don't you love him with all your heart? &gt;&gt; Come and bow our heads today. &gt;&gt; I realize on this time of the year, everyone head bowed, please. No one looking around. People thinking about Christmas and for the most part, it's not really about Jesus anymore anyway and hadn't been in a long time. It's more about family and family getting together and this and that. And people think about, well, I got to buy my kids something. I got to buy my grandkids something and it's about presents and think, well, what would they like and what would they want? Well, we've got to wrap it up and all this, that, and the other. But I wonder if today we might could give a present, if you want to call it that, to the Lord Jesus. You won't find it at Walmart or Amazon or Big Lots or Nordstrom or some Macy's. I'll tell you where you can find it. You can find it in your own soul. Jesus wants you. All of you. Now, he understands better than anyone else that that all of you may take years for you to finally get it. It's not that it takes him that long to receive it. But it can just take us a long time to give it. We'll give him a little and then a little more and then a little more, then a little more. And Jesus will take every bit that we'll give him. And he receives it into his arms and says, "Thank you, Darl. You give me more of yourself today. Thank you, young lady. Thank you, elder people. You gave me a little more of you today. I have been waiting for this for 45 years. Thank you so much. I've had people to give me gifts from around the world and I knew they were so poor and I hated to even take it. I've had people from our church to give me things and do things for me and I just hold it my hands and just cry cuz I know they couldn't really afford to do that. But Jesus is not asking you for something that's beyond your budget. He's not asking you to put a great debt on your credit card. He just simply wants you to give your heart to him completely. I'm not talking about now you being saved. I'm talking after you got saved. Give him your pride, your arrogance, your selfishness, whatever it is that's held you back. Is there anybody here today? I'm not going to press you now. If you don't mind it, don't do it. Is there anybody here today and say, "Jesus, I want to give you something. I want to give you me." Look in the corners of my heart, Lord. Do you find any secret compartments, any secret sins, anything that I've held on to that I've just not been able to give up? Would you take it, Lord? I'm going to raise both of my hands and then we're going to pray together because I too like you want to give him my all. Lord Jesus, as we come to the closing of this service, another one that the recorders, as it were in heaven, will stop recording soon. And one day I'll stand before the throne of God and I'll give an account for what I've preached today. Not only will I, but all these folks here today, those that have streamed it, those that'll stream it and archive it around the world, every one of them will. So Lord, Carol and I have got to a place to where we really don't do the Christmas thing. We don't need anything really, per se, and no need in buying something. we don't need or want. So, but in reality, we have from each other what we want and that is each other. So, today Lord Jesus, I pray you'd help us, Father, from the young to the old, those in the front row, those in the back, those in the mezzanine. We're not going to bring it with pretty Christmas paper. We don't feel the necessity of a ribbon or a bow. We bring this package to you and you already know it, but we're telling you that it's got flaws in it. We're telling you that we're not giving you a perfect package today. But we know as long as we keep it, it'll never be able to be transformative at all. But if we can give it to you, then you can do with us like you did the little boy's lunch that day. &gt;&gt; The little boy skipped school, as we'd say, and his mama had packed him some fishes and some loaves. And the little boy decided to stay out of school. And there's a big crowd over and he didn't know what it was. And it was Jesus. It was you. So the little boy heard you preaching. Then it was lunchtime, but they didn't have enough money to buy lunch for everybody. So you sent your disciples out among them. That little boy was willing to give his lunch. In his hands, it was enough lunch for one little hungry boy. But in the hands of Jesus, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, it was able to be changed and multiplied and transformed to feed thousands times thousands of people. So Lord God, maybe our little praise and our little hallelujah and our little amens, we may sit there and think, well, my amen's not important. My little amen and my praise the Lord and my little this and that is not important. That may be true as long as we keep it to oursel. But when we give our amen to you, maybe the preacher himself is struggling cuz it seem like nobody's saying nothing and nobody's responding. And it might be a little sister, it might be a young boy, might be that little blondheaded feller I seen yesterday and he bellers out an amen. And it encourages me to keep on going. So Lord Jesus, we're not putting it under a tree because our Christmas package was actually placed on a tree. It wasn't wrapped in beautiful paper and bows. But it was wrapped in human flesh. And I hear our Christmas package as it were scream out from the tree. Eli, Eli, lay me sabathi. My God, my God, why has thou forsaken me? and you died forsaken so that when I die I won't have to be. Take us, Lord Jesus. Father, help me. I've been serving you, Lord, since I was just a 12-year-old boy and preaching since I was 18. I still don't feel like I've got much to give you. There won't be too many more settings of the sun. my memory will start getting away from me and my strength will start being more depleted and if time carries eventually the church will have to get him a younger man that'll be able to come and preach to him. But Lord, whatever I have left, I want to give it to you, Lord. Please, Jesus. I know I've never preached a perfect sermon. I've never sang a perfect song. But Lord God, if you're willing to take it with its mistakes and flaws, I'm willing to give it to you. We worship you today, Lord Jesus. We bless your holy name, Father. Anybody here just willing to offer Jesus everything that you are with all of your heart? Oh, you imagine you you parents and your children open the little things you get for them and your grandchildren and they're so excited and you know what's in there and you got your camera out and you're just waiting. Can you imagine right here in this presence day today? The angels of God are here. They're standing right there in the aisles and they're nudging you to give Jesus that little corner of your life, that pride, that arrogance, that this and that and the other that you've held back from him. How Jesus must rejoice. Hallelujah. When he says, "Finally, finally, after 28 years, my son gave me this. My daughter after 20 years gave me that, this preacher gave me that, surrendered this, that, the other. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, Jesus. We worship you today, Father. Oh, come let us adore you. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. &gt;&gt; Sing it to him now. Christ our Lord for he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord. Oh come all ye faithful, joyful and triumphant. Oh come ye, oh come ye to bear them. Come and behold him born the king of angels. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord. Oh yay Lord we greet thee born this happy morning Jesus to thee be all gloryy given. Word of the Father now in flesh appearing. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Cry us Lord will sing choirs of angels sing in exultation. Sing all ye citizens of heaven above. Glory to God. Glory in the highest. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. him Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. And here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands, Lord. I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me and take my heart. Take my life as a living sacrifice. All my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. Give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is on my own. To you I belong. Lord I give myself. I give myself to you. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. And here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me and take my heart. Take my life as a living sacriice. All my dreams, all my plans, Lord, I place them in your second church. I give myself I give myself away, Lord God. God bless you, saints, love the Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, in this season of giving, &gt;&gt; let us just give every us for his glory. You know, my my life may not look like much to the world. Brother Donnie sent me a picture this morning of that one of the last pennies that was minted sold for $17 million to the world. I may be but a penny, but all that really matters is what he sees &gt;&gt; our worth to be. And if I'm a penny in his hand, there's no better place to be than in his hand. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Bless you, Lord. &gt;&gt; But if I am a penny, let me give everything that I have &gt;&gt; for his service. &gt;&gt; For I'll never answer for being a dime. I'll never answer for being a quarter, but let me answer for what he made me. &gt;&gt; Because there's one thing about our God. He don't make no junk. &gt;&gt; Aren't you grateful for that today? &gt;&gt; Have you enjoyed the word of God this morning? &gt;&gt; It's so good to be in the house of God. And I'm so glad that Brother Donniey's messages doesn't come from AI. But they come from IIA, &gt;&gt; the I am. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I thought that was pretty good. &gt;&gt; May the Lord bless you richly today. Go with your family. Enjoy your time together. Remember the service Wednesday night. Let's just bow our heads. Father God, it's it's in moments like this, Lord, that I really don't know what to say. I really don't know quite how to put the words together to express what I feel. So Lord, I ask you this morning to listen to my heart for it speaks a language that my brain don't understand. And Lord, I pray that you would go with your people today. Protect them on the road, Lord. Bless their families, those that are sick and unable to be in the house of God. You are our healer. Lord, may you minister to them. Be our prayer. &gt;&gt; Lord, bring us back safely Wednesday night with this desire. Take my heart, Lord. take my life as a living sacrifice. Grant it Lord we pray today. Thank you for the service. Strengthen brother Donnie Lord we ask. Thank you Lord for allowing us to sit under such a ministry. We are so grateful in our hearts. Thank you Lord for all that you have done for us. Thank you Lord for loving us as we commit these things into your hands for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you saints. Let's just sing it again as you're dismissed. I give myself away. May the Lord bless you richly. Go ahead. Give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your desires reveal in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a livinging sacriice. All my dreams and all my plans. Lord, I still in your hands. Give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me again. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
