################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-19 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.165 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-19
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.165
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99HarbS8CQI
========================================

[Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Da da. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] behind. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I'm amazed at how you came through your preious blood. I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Let's just say we sing it tonight. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care through your preious blood. I fell for and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. No one knew how alone I was feeling. and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy. and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. Oh, there you died and purchased my salvation when you broke sin's power and set my spirits free. I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins washed away. Oh, it's true. There have been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. Oh, but I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. is and your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends can never be as close to me. Oh, I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. My sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed. Oh, let's sing it one more time to him tonight. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise tonight. Amen. How many's happy to be in service this evening? Amen. Certainly is a a privilege tonight. You can be seated for just a moment. Quite a few prayer requests this evening. Amen. Just want to say any visitors that might be w uh with us tonight, welcome to the service. Uh those that would be streaming the service as well. Amen. We just pray that God would bless you this evening. Uh we got a card in the mail today and they asked me to read it. It says uh Word of Life Church. Uh we'd like to take this opportunity to thank you all for your generous gift to our church. It will certainly help with the cost of repairs due to the flood. Is wonderful to know that brothers and sisters in Christ will help each other in times of need. May God rich richly bless each and every one of you as much as your kindness has blessed us. Thank you again. That's Ran Park Baptist Church sent that card to us. So those of you that given those over the internet as well just I know many people have given for the flood relief and it's still ongoing in different areas and I know the people are certainly thankful for it. Amen. Want to take these needs before the Lord tonight. Uh, brother Maurice Holloway called asking for prayer for Julian. They're going to the ER. He has a high fever and other issues. Uh, want to remember uh, Sister Ruth Louise Jack is asking for prayer for her and her family concerning her late father's estate. Uh, she's asking for wisdom and guidance to help make the right decisions that would best benefit them now and in the future. Want to remember that need tonight. Uh, brother Danny Hughes emailed the library. Uh, asked for continued prayers for his son who has a physical need. The doctors have been treating for almost a year. Your prayers for him are needed greatly needed and greatly appreciated. Uh, sister uh or Terry Stockton asked for prayers for sister Jerretta. Says she's having severe back pain, has a sinus infection as well. So remember that need tonight. Please remember Sister Karen Anon and family. Uh they brought her home. We'll be caring for her there. So, we want to remember that family tonight and prayer for recovery there. Prayers for Sister Beverly Ford and family in West Virginia. They have a special need tonight. Amen. I know the Lord's mindful of that need. Uh Sister Barbara Van Hus had two surgeries last week for the removal of a cancerous mass. Uh prayers are appreciated for her. I want to remember uh Sister Ashley Bab tonight. She has tonsillitis, very sick. Also, Sister Courtourtney has a fever and an ear infection. So, we want to remember them this evening in our prayers. Uh brother Lionel Lavo is asking for prayers for his brother Mike is going through a battle with throat cancer. So, we want to remember that need tonight. Uh Sister Lona, Sister Kelly, Hera, both sick this evening. Want to remember them in prayer. also remember the family of brother Virgil I believe it's Vieier he passed away in Virginia dear friend of brother Amos Cuts. So we certainly remember the church family and his family this evening in our prayers. Amen. How many has a need tonight upon your hearts? Amen. Let's just stand to our feet this evening. Uh brother Skip, could you come take us before the Lord tonight in prayer? Amen. I know I I think I'd seen where brother Steve kind of feeling bad this evening. So, we want to certainly lift him up before the Lord in our prayers tonight as well. Amen. Different ones that's battling sicknesses among us. We just want to uh continue to remember them in a special way tonight. God bless you. How many thinks we'll ever get good enough to go in the rapture? Well, I don't believe we will, but I believe the Lord is. And I believe if he'll just speak to our hearts somehow that he took our place, we could just rest. It's We just want to go to prayer. Dear Lord, we thank you for letting us be here. Father, we love you and we pray that you'll reveal your word to us as our pastor spoke to us Sunday. If it's ever revealed, it'll be there all the time. It'll be there with us. God, just help each each request that went forth. Everyone's fighting a battle. Lord, I've never seen such sickness, such problems, but you know, you know all about it. May you just bless us in the service tonight. Speak to our pastors. Speak to our hearts. And our ears that we might hear and understand your word in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song tonight as the brothers would come uh this evening to receive the offering. Everybody will be happy over there. Amen. What a day that's going to be. Amen. We can start on this side though. Amen. Let's sing that tonight. Well, there's a happy land of promise over in the great beyond. Where the saved verse shall soon the glory share. Where the souls of men shall enter and live on forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. We will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers will be singing around that throne. In that land where no one ever knows the care. And the Christians of all ages will join in the triumph song. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, we will hear nobody praying and no mourning in that land. For no burdens there will be for us to bear. All the people will be singing glory, glory to the lamb. Everybody will be happy over there. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. We will shout and we'll sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. And we'll meet the one who saved us and who kept us by his grace. and who brought us to that place right there. We're going to praise his name forever as we look upon his face. Everybody will be happy over [Applause] there. Oh, everybody will be happy. Will be happy. over there. Oh, we will shout and we'll sing God's praises. Every fire we'll be happy over there. Me, the one who saves us and who kept us by his grace. Who brought us to that land bright and fair. I'm going to praise his name forever. As we look upon his face, everybody will be happy over [Applause] there. Oh, everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Sing it one more time. Oh, everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and we'll sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. KF, there's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Amen. KS, let's sing this song tonight. Uh, Brother Jesse, Brother Bobby have a song for us tonight. Brother Dave has a song after them. Amen. Be preparing to come sing for us this evening. Let's sing this little course to him. Oh, there's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. There is joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There is nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. I'm changed. Oh, and I'm changed in the presence. Yes, I'm healed in the presence. I'm forgiven and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his presence. So, let's sing that again. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm healed. In his presence I'm forgi and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever. In his presence there's healing. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There is healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Yes, I'm free. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I'm forgiven and I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever. His presence. Let's sing that one more time. And I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I'm forgiven. And I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed forever in his [Applause] presence. You feel that way tonight? Amen. Give the Lord a hand cup of praise as you're seated tonight. Amen. Enjoy these nice singers. [Music] My faithful [Music] father, enduring friend, Your tender mercies like a river with no end. It overwhelms me, covers my sin. Each time I come into your presence, I stand in wonder again. Your grace still amazes me. Your love is still a mystery. And each day I fall on my knees. Your grace still amazes me. Your grace still amazes me. [Music] Oh patient Savior, you make me whole. You are the author and the healer of my soul. What can I give you, Lord? What can I say? I know there's no way to repay you. Only to offer you my praise. Your grace still amazees me. Your love is still a mystery. And each day I fall on my knees, your grace still amazes me. Your grace still amazes me. It's deeper. It's wider. It's stronger. It's higher. It's deep. It's deep. is why is stronger stronger than anything my eyes can see. Your grace still amazees me. Your love is still a mystery. And each [Applause] day I fall on my knees, your grace still amazees me. Your grace still amazes me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Somebody request to sing this. It as well. I hope you don't get tired of it. It's one of my favorite songs. Um any any song that has any value to it usually came from uh somebody that was going through a pretty rough time. You help me sing it. When peace like a river attendeth my way. Oh, and sorrows like sea pillows roll. Oh, whatever my Lord, thou has taught me to say. It is well, it is well with my soul. Though Satan should buff it, though the trials, oh they come, let this bless control that Christ has regarded my helpless estate and has shed his own blood for my soul. Yes, it is [Music] well with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Oh. Oh my sin. Oh the bliss of this glorious thought. Oh my sin not in part but the whole. Yes, it's nailed to the cross and I bear it no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Yes, it is [Music] well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. But Lord is for thee. For th like coming we wait. Oh, the sky, not the grave, is our go. For all the trumps shall resound, and the Lord shall descend. even soul. It is well with my soul. Yes, it is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. That's awesome, isn't it? To be able to say that tonight with all of our hearts. Genesis chapter 1, verse 11. Lord willing, question answers tomorrow night. Genesis 1 11. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself upon the earth." And it was so. And the earth brought forth grass, an herb yielding seed after his kind. So God said it, then it produced. Now there's a difference between productivity by divine origin and manufacturing by man. Now listen to me carefully. We want spiritual reproduction in our lives and in our church, but we don't want manmade manufacturing. A man can make a lot of stuff, can he? Yeah. He can make all kinds of things, but we don't want manmade, even man-made spirituality. We want it to be divine made. But man can make so many things so close to God. And if you'd look at a hybrid grain of corn or beans or whatever it is in the seed form and you'd put it right by the original and look at it by your eye, you probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference. Size, perimeter, density of moisture inside of it, this that the other, whatever makes it all up. But I'll tell you the way you can tell the difference. Plant it. Yeah. Plant it. And the hybrid will come forth one time and then it's dead. But the original will reproduce. reproduce, reproduce. I keep that in mind as we as we go in this tonight. And the evening and the morning were the third day. But let's read now. Spoken word is the original seed. Page 70, paragraph 3. Adam's bride could not wait. God had told Adam and Eve, "Multiply and replenish the earth." And it was an oncoming thing, a promise. An oncoming thing, a promise. She was not his wife as yet because she had he had never lived with her. The bride of Christ is not his wife yet. The wedding supper is to take place. Get it? Oh, this is rich. She got in a hurry and what did she do? She crossed her seed. She mingled it, excuse me, with the serpent seed. And when she did, she brought a child of death, a child that perverted every child after that. when the church of Jesus Christ was perverted, pardon me, in the time of Rome after her virgin birth. I think she was a virginborn church at Pentecost. She was given to Christ at Pentecost. And what did she do? She crossed herself with Roman dogma. And the Protestant church has done the very same thing. She can't wait. She can't wait. So then, what do you think that we are going to be tried by in this last day? What are we going to be tried by? The very same thing. Will we be able to wait for God's promise to come to pass exactly the way he says or will we not be tempted to manufacture something that will look so close it would deceive the very elected if it were possible. How are we going to know the difference, brother Donnie? It's easy. We take it back to the word. The original will always agree with the word of God for the hour. Is that right? How many like to be remembered tonight as we pray? Certainly want to remember all those that are sick. U brother Michael Carter doing really poorly without the Lord moving for our brother. He'll be going home before long. We know it's in God's hands and certainly want to just remember him and the family as well. Also, brother Steve Newsome really had a rough day today. So, be mindful of him. My granddaughter Ashley had to go to the doctor today sick. Courtney had to go later this afternoon sick. So, a lot of things are going on, but our God's still a healer. Amen. Let's take it to him right now. Father, as we stand before you tonight, we are in a in a wonderful time to be believers. We're a blessed people to be able to see the time, the age, the sign, the manifestation of what you told us would come in the last days. We count it a great honor and a privilege, Father, that we could be partakers first of all of the divine nature. Then by the divine nature it illuminates our soul. Helps us to wear that it gives us the ability the spiritual frequency if I can say it that way to hear the voice of the angel as it's calling from the waters. So father I pray that you would help us in this day that we're living. We know the angel of God has been sent out in the last time and he's calling a bride to the well. So Lord God, we thank you that we've been given an ear to hear that. Now the question is after hearing, what will we do? Will we wait? Will we believe? Will we trust? Father, we alone can answer that. But that's our desire. I pray that you'd help us tonight. All the sick, the afflicted. Lord God, but you move for the needs of your people. We pray in the name of Jesus. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. What a terrible thing. So a a man is engaged to a woman. her body, her vows, her purity as is promised to a man. And the man with all faithfulness and trust and confidence believes that that woman will keep that vow and that he alone will be able to obtain all of those things which she will forfeit willingly to her husband. But when he comes to her, he finds that her body has already been trespassed and his vows which was made to her has already been stepped across not only by the man but by the woman as well. Now, as awful as that sounds, yeah, that's exactly what took place in the Garden of Eden. That's exactly what took place in the book of Jeremiah, in the book of Ezekiel, in the book of Hosea, also in the book of Acts. We find it over and over again that God has betrothed a generation, a nationality, a a certain class of people to himself. They exchanged their vows. Will you be true to me? I will. Well, I I'll be true to you. I pledge to you my trust. I betro myself unto you. I am yours and yours alone. And then God would come to them for a furtherance of his revelation. And he found them with child and they were producing of another seed line which was God not God's own nature. Now that pattern has been true since the Garden of Eden. But I don't know about you tonight. It ain't going to be true with me. No. Anybody else? Now watch and go on with this where we are. He says, "A woman engaged to a fine, young, clean man. And before they come together, what's she done? She's found pregnant by someone else. Not something, not a thing, right? Not an object, not a piece of furniture, not a material, something. Someone, yeah, someone. She's found pregnant by someone else. Then her own seed, which is betrothed, her own body, which is betrothed to her boyfriend. Now remember this is what God told Israel by the prophet in the Old Testament that I will betro thee unto me forever and you will no longer call me Bail. So they were calling God of an associated name to Baal. He'll no longer call me that. Oh my. Just another one of the gods. Our Jesus is not just another one of the gods. He's the only one. Oh my. Her body which is betrothed to her boyfriend, her engaged husband. Now remember, betrothed, engaged, but not yet known her as a wife. Before Adam ever knew Eve in the Garden of Eden as his wife, she was found with seed of another being. Amen. Now notice he said, "What a disgrace." That's exactly what Adam found. That's what Christ, excuse me, has found. couldn't wait. That's what's the matter with the people today. They can't wait for the real Holy Spirit to take the church in position right now. Listen what they do. They've got to manufacture something. Work up something. initial evidence speaking in tongues to get more members in the church. All this kind of Tommy rot. Wow. Same prophet of God warned us about being delicate speaking about the Holy Ghost that we didn't blasphe. And yet he would take it in this way and call it Tommy rot. Well, come on, somebody say amen. or at least wave your hand or something so I know you're with me, sir. All this kind of Tommy rot instead of waiting upon the Lord for the real manifestation of the resurrection of Christ making himself known among the people. She can't wait. So what did she do? She went out and become pregnantated with denominationalism. Oh my goodness. First was the assemblies of God. Then come the oneness. Then what more after that? Now the socalled bride is pregnantated. And now you know as well as I do, a lot of the denominational people in the denominational churches don't even refer to themsel as bride. So this must be a category of people that are actually calling themsel bride. But they're soalled. Yeah. Is pregnant with all kinds of tummy rot disgrace. He says, "The women won't pay a bit more attention to what God's word says. Nothing in the world. Neither will the men." Bring her on down, Brother Brandham. Or even the preachers. Now, what's sad was he was preaching against the Pentecostals and all the denominations at that time. Now, the same thing has come right around in the ranks of our message. You show them what the prophet said, show them what the Bible said. Women pay no attention to it. men pay no attention to it. And even some of our message preachers won't pay a bit more attention to it than the man on the moon. Well, preach, brother Donnie. What is it? She's pregnantated. Christ bride has become pregnant with the world. Dressing like the world acting like the world big churches fine what it shows what she is. She's of the devil. That's what Satan done at the first place was to try to build a big beautiful kingdom in heaven and was kicked out for it. Excommunicated from heaven. That's what Christ's modern bride is. Kicked out because she's exccommunicated from God. Because she's a Yes. Amen. And not a virgin. Amen. I know this is plain talk, but it's easy understood. Anybody having any problem understanding what's been said tonight? Now, notice he said it's deep, but I hope you get it. Now, let's switch. We're going to go back to the land of Mesopotamia. And then we'll journey over to Padan Haram. It is another type of God. The setting is a man by the name of Abraham. His wife has now been dead about three years. He is 140 years old. He has a 40 year old son whose name is Isaac and he's not married. So Abraham feels that the time is right for his son to have a wife. So he waits three years now after Sarah died. Now, we can tell by the way this chapter 24 leads on on in to chapter 25 in the book of Genesis that that Isaac really really loved his mother and he was greatly affected by the death of his mother. And apparently he was not quite ready to get married at the age of 40 and being able to properly receive a wife and love her in the right way. Now 40 years old some of you guys think dear God there ain't no hope no mercy for me at all. But now I want you to notice this now that in this is the very despiction of God himself in this type. So Abraham 140 years old he's 137 whenever Sarah died. So he's lived by himself now or him and him and Isaac. And then he goes and marries the other woman coutura. and he's still under this tutoring of trying to raise Isaac and form him in this avenue. So now the time has arrived for him to get a bride. Now, we'll contrast this with leading up to the part about the bride will face the challenge of being a or a virgin. Look at what lays before every one of us here tonight and every person that will hear this. Before you and I lays two paths. the virgin or a prostitute. We present our body to God, a chasteed virgin or we come and stand before God at the judgment as a polluted church, which is where the majority of them will stand. Now, let's read if you would in in Genesis chap 24:1. Now remember, Isaac does not go on this mission. So Abraham is going to send his eldest servant to be able to secure Isaac a bride. But Abraham doesn't go and Isaac doesn't go. Right? So now, how is this going to be determined? There will be a divine presence that will go with the messenger and there will be a reciprocating part of that that the bride will answer to. Oh yeah, the same angel of God. Now watch. Abraham was old and well stricken in age. And the Lord had blessed Abraham in all things. And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house that ruled over all that he had. Put I praise thee thy hand under my right thigh. Now I know this seems odd and peculiar to us but this is uh the most sacred vow that could be taken under this time frame. So he beckons this servant and this servant is over everything that he has and he has a a a great wealth. Now it shows us that Isaac has not yet come into his princehood for Isaac is not over it yet. Now listen, Isaac is still under Amen. He's still under the dispensation of sunship. So, he's not yet moved into the full inheritance. Glory. Amen. Now, I know I'm running ahead of you and I'm trying to hold back and uh from this point on, I'm not responsible for the way I act or for if I get out out of been out of shape. So, now in the type Abraham is a type of God. Isaac is a type of Jesus Christ, the eldest servant whose name is not even mentioned in Genesis 24. He is a type of a servant that would be sent in the last day to get a bride. Oh and Rebecca, I hope is a type of you and me. Yes, sir. So now watch this as it un unfolds to us. Put I praise thee thy hand under my side. Now remember this man is a servant but he has everything at his charge to be able to take whatever he deems necessary. I want you to notice that Abraham doesn't even tell him what to take. So he doesn't say take so many rings, so much gold, so much silver, so many camels, so much this that and the other. but he leaves it at the discretion of the servant. So he makes him swear. I love the adjectives that brother Brandham uses to describe this servant. If you haven't listened to these two sermons that Brother Brandham preached called the time of decision, one of them was in Los Angeles in 1959 and the other's in Chicago 1959. And he said, "God's looking for men today that will move when the spirit moves anywhere that he may send." That's a model servant. Not only that, but when he got to his place where his messages was to be given, notice this, he never boasted on himself. He never spoke about how great he was or how great his meetings was. Now listen, the model servant is not the type of man that goes around and talks about how great he is and of everything that he sees and everything that he does. I prayed for this person. and I prayed for that person. God showed me this. God showed me that. God showed me that. That's contrary to what brother Brandham said. Amen. Okay. Now, I'm going to ask you, which are you going to take? The seed of God by the message of the hour, or are you going to allow your body to be betrothed by men? Say, whoa, wait a minute, brother Donnie. We we're giving testimony. I wonder to whom the testimony is all about by the time some guys get through. I don't mind telling you. I've sat and heard some preachers talk and they talked about themselves more cuz I sat there and counted the eyes and the mind and the me in comparison to the Lord, the Lord God and the Lord Jesus. And I wound up in more eyes and more me and more my and more mine. You ain't going to convince me. That's a testimony about the Lord Jesus. Amen. Well, hallelujah. I don't know about you, I come to have church tonight. Now, watch. He never boasted on himself. He never spoke about how great he was or how great his meetings was or how great anything about himself. He wasn't a boaster or proud, but he only spoke of his master and of his master's wealth. I'll show you how important that this servant was in Genesis 24. His name is not even mentioned. So, how do we know this man? by his office, not by his human name. What a way to be known. This is a model servant. Now, the man that wants to build his ministry, build his church, or if he's an evangelist, you know, running around here, there, there, I preach so many, you know, this and that and the other, then you realize he's got the wrong example that he's looking at. But this is a model servant. Now, what is a model servant? It's one that every other servant ought to want to be like. And the Word of Life Church said, now watch, he wasn't a boaster or proud. He only spoke of his master and all of his master's wealth and that his master had a son and he was going to fall heir to everything. So you can see why that this servant didn't really have time to talk about himself that much because he was talking about his master, how great his master was and how wonderful his master was. And then when he wasn't talking about his master, he was talking about his master's son and talking about how great he was. I would to God some of our preachers would learn the key to that. Amen. What a beautiful picture of a real servant of God. His whole attention is on the master. Why shouldn't it be? Notice telling the people not about himself but about the master and about the son and he's going to fall heir to all things. He was so much time talking about the master and the son. He has no time to boast on himself or his great regime or his denomination or some affiliation that he has. It's all on the master. Praise the Lord. How many wants to hear that kind of preacher? Me too. Now, Brother Brandham said this. Was he talking scripture? Come on. Brother make this up. Well, I've got the answer here. You're sitting there dumbfounded with a look on your face. No, he wasn't making it up. Let's read about it. Genesis 24:12. And he said,"Lord God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day and show kindness unto my master Abraham." Verse 14. Let it come to pass that the damsel of whom I shall say, let down thy picture, I pray thee, that I may drink, and she shall say, drink, and I will give thy camels drink also. Let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac, and thereby shall I know that thou hast showed kindness unto my master. Verse 27. And he said, "Blessed be the Lord God of my master Abraham, who hath not left destitute my master of his mercy and his truth. I being in the way. The Lord led me to the house of my master's brethren." Look at his focus. It was not about him. It was not about all his gifts and his great authority and how much trust the master had in him. His whole mission was to complete what the master sent him to do. Oh, praise the Lord. Verse 35. And the Lord hath blessed my master greatly, and he has become great, and he hath given him flocks. Notice who he's bragging on. My master is great. My master's got this. My master's got that. Where is he bragging about himself? I've done this. I've done that. I prayed for that person. I I a real godly preacher can stand up and testify about somebody else that prayed for somebody else other than themsel and they still give praise and glory to God. Why? That's a model servant. Oh my. Notice in verse 36, "And Sarah, my master's wife, bear a son to my master." Man, this guy is hung up, ain't he? This guy is hung up on this master. Do you know why? He loved his master. He was not there to get a bride for himself. He was not there to get a following for himself. He's a man on a mission. And what a mission he had. Verse 37. And my master made me swear, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites in whose land I dwell. Verse 39. And I said unto my master. Verse 42. And I came this day unto the well and said, "Oh Lord God of my master Abraham." Verse 48. And I bowed down my head and worshiped the Lord and blessed the Lord God of my master Abraham which had led me in the right way to take my master's brother's daughter. Verse 49. And now if you will deal kindly and truly with my master. God give us preachers like this. Hallelujah. Not only preachers but leoty, deacons, trustees, songwriters, s musicians. Oh, it ain't about who can sing the greatest and who's the best of this and that. It's those that can say it's all about the master. It ain't about us and who gets the biggest hand clap and who gets requested to be sung the most. It's about the master. Verse 54. And they did eat and drink. And he and the men that was with him and terried all night, and they rose up in the morning, and he said, "Send me away unto my master." God help me to be that kind of earth. And he said unto them, hinder me not, saying the Lord hath prospered my way. Send me away that I may go and start a new denomination to my master. 19 times in these verses. Verse 65, for she said unto the servant, "What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us now at the end of his journey?" And the servant said, "It is my master." Therefore, she took a veil and covered herself. So when he brings her back, notice now when Isaac walks out into the field, it's transferred, the master, the son has now become the master of the house. And he looks at him and she says, "Who's that?" And he said, "It's my master." Glory to God. Abraham through this servant obtained a brideg Rebecca for his son Isaac. Listen to that again. Abraham through this servant obtained a bride for Isaac. No matter how many other women might have wanted to be Isaac's bride, and no doubt a lot of them would have, but you could only be that bride if you followed this messenger back to the master's house. And you had to say certain things the way he said them. Amen. You couldn't add live them. You couldn't say, "Well, I'm not sure that applies." That's just that's just a random tabernacle only type thing. You know, you had to say what he said. Well, glory. Now notice in verse three, for I will make thee swear by the Lord. This is Abraham now speaking to Eleazar. The Lord the God of heaven and the God of the earth. Thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites among whom I dwell. Now what what's wrong with that? Looks like to me it saved a lot of work. and a lot of effort. Several weeks to get over there and back. Several hundred miles. There's going to be robbers. Plunderers are on the way. It's going to be a dangerous journey. Why not just take one of the local women, the Canaanites, just take one of them and maybe lead her to the message. Oh my. Amen. Oh my. But you see, many believers have tried to do such in mixed marriages. It's forbidden in the word of God, friends. Now watch, watch what he gives him. Oh my. It would have been against the design of God to marry the promised seed son to a cursed woman. Don't you see the Canaanites were cursed by God himself? He said, "I will drive them out of the land and I will give that land to you all. Their days are numbered." Don't you see the denominational systems? They're cursed. While sure, God can take people out of there, but God is not sending his message into those systems to let them remain there, but to call them out. Why? It would be marrying the promised son with the promised seed word to a woman that is cursed to death. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Now notice in verse four. But thou shalt go unto my country and to my kindred and take a wife unto my son Isaac. So I want you to go to my country and my kindred, my people, people that I'm kin to. Amen. And they're kin to me. Now the prophet said, "Did you notice the bride and Eleazar found Rebecca in the evening time and the sign was performed in the evening time and that's the time we're living. I trust that you get this. It was in the evening time when Rebecca came out led by the spirit." Glory. Do you believe that? How otherwise would she have come? There might have been many before her, but she was led by the spirit in the evening time. And Eleazar, the messenger, the minister, the true servant to his master, was led in the evening time. Wonder why that Rebecca came before any of the other girls? Do you know that Rebecca and Isaac were blood relation? Oh, glory to God. And the blood of Jesus, oh my, the bride of Jesus Christ is blood relation to him. A bloodbought bride. That's why signing your name on a church book, that won't do it. Joining a church, even trying to come here to this church, that won't do it. You've got to be blood relation. Oh, that's the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. When God breaks the blood cell over your soul, then that makes you and him of the same family. Amen. He goes on to say, "The life is in the blood, and the life is in the church." The Christian that's born again by the spirit of God, that's the spirit of life, blood relation to Christ. the spirit of Christ and the blood of Christ leading a child of Christ, the seed of Abraham. So why did Rebecca make that sudden move? Why did she go to the waters of life so quickly? Why could the angel speak to her? because she was blood relation to Isaac and that's who the angel can speak to tonight is a blood relationship. Let me tell you something friend. If you only come to this message because somebody gave you a book or you heard a tape or you was convinced that it might have been right, somebody will talk you out of it. But if the angel of God opened your eyes and led you to this word, there ain't enough devils in hell to run you away from it. Your mistakes, your failures, the failures of others, it won't run you away from it. Why? The same angel of God that led Rebecca is the same angel of God that's around the world today speaking to a bride. Come to the waters of life, bride. Come. The bride of Jesus Christ is sanctified through the blood of Christ and an open vessel for the Holy Spirit to speak in. No wonder she'll come to the waters of life. Hela went forth to find a bride for Isaac and he found the beautiful Rebecca. In the cool of the evening, a little dark skinned girl come out with a water pot on. El eer prayed and said, "Lord God, give me good journey now and success from my master Abraham." And he said, "Don't go take him amongst the Philistines. Get over here amongst his people, showing that the bride of Christ and Christ is blood relation." Because Rebecca and Isaac were cousins. I'm going to go ahead and say it. You and Jesus are brother and sister. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Chew on that a while devil. Oh, you say I'm oh sorry sinner. Not if you're born again. You're not. You have been made blood relation to the Lord Jesus Christ. You're not a sinner. You're not a vile, wretched, nothing, no sir, not any longer. And the servant said unto him, per adventure, the woman will not leave the denomination and will not be willing to follow me into the message land. You see, that's what the prophet tells us after the opening of the seals that we have come into a new land. The message of the day. These folks trying to find all kinds of faults in the message and trying to pull us away from it. Ain't no way I'll cut your head off. You uncircumcised Philistine. You ain't to get me out of this land. Come on, somebody. This is my inheritance. This is our land. In here I've got life. In here, hallelujah, is the resurrection. There is no resurrection in a denominational prostitute. [Applause] And the servant said unto him, per adventure, the woman will not be willing to follow me into this land. Must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest? So, so if she don't come out, do you want me then to take Jesus into the denominations in let them be claimed as bride? John saw who they were. Many of them that bloodwashed multitude in the book of Revelation. Who are these? These are they who come out of great tribulation. Why? They wasn't fully purged. Why? They deny the manifestation of the fullness of the word of God to wash him clean. So if the woman won't leave, then then should I take him out? I I you know, I'm just I don't know. This sounds like a whole lot to me. Uh, I'm supposed to go down all these hundreds of miles and this woman's just going to leave her home, her family, the structure of her whole life. And you honestly think she's going to follow me back. Abraham said, "Yeah, she will." But but eventually she won't. Oh my. It's very likely now her daddy was an arch deacon there. Her grandpa was a pastor in the association and great great grandpa founded that organization. Come on. But Eleazar, I'll send the angel of the Lord about 30 minutes before you get there. Amen. There'll be no problem in leaving mama. There'll be no problem in leaving the arch deacon. There'll be no problem in leaving the pew. Even though they may have a gold plate on there with her name all over it, she will leave the angel. Hallelujah. Amen. So Haran is in the northeast of Mesopotamia or Padan Haram on the river of Beis, a trade center from Nineveh to Caramesh, the chief seat of the worship of the moon god. S I N sin. So Rebecca was called out of moon god worship. Amen. Called out of sin. Woo! 6 over 600 miles. We're not talking about a 737 Supermax. We're not talking about a rocket. We're talking about on the back of a camel. 1200 mile over 1,200 mile round trip for what a bride. But let me give you a journey that's even further than that. Way beyond the horizontal rainbow where the angels of God alone have walked in that great premise of the Almighty. Yes, sir. He stepped aside and laid aside all of his glory and come down to the earth and said, "I'll make a journey even farther than that. I'll come down and pay the price for my bride cuz she is in mine. She is in my mind, but she's got to be kin to me." Ken is only in your head. And when you're in the mind stage, but God said, "I've got to become kin to her so she can become kin to me. I'll become a man. Hallelujah. I'll become a man so I can burst her back into deity. Amen. The camels are very strong. They can carry up to 900 lb for an average about 30 miles a day. 25 to 30 miles. So, if it had taken between three and four weeks to make this journey, now you've got 10 camels loaded down with gifts. Now, watch. Abraham said unto him, "Beware that thou bring not my son there again. Don't you take this sign to them systems. It ain't for them, right? Don't you take my son into their Don't you understand why these denominational preachers what they're guilty of? They're preaching to their people that they're bride and yet sewing their own seed in them or denominational headship. God will judge them for that very thing. And this is a serious charge. And verse 10, and the servant took 10 camels of the camels of his master. Here he comes back to this master thing again. Why everything come from his master? So if a man can preach on myself a building on fire, where would that gift come from? The master. A man can sing, where'd it come from? The master. A man can lay hands on the sick and have great faith, where'd it come from? The master. And the servant took 10 camels. Now you imagine each one of them camels could carry up to 900 pounds of stuff. And it wasn't stuff from Big Lots. It wasn't made in China on the bottom of none of it, which wouldn't even make it across the desert. Way some of your stuff don't make it across in them shipping containers. Well, out of time it gets here. He's got gold, silver, purple, blue, all kinds of gifts. Now remember, this man was not by himself. He had men that were with him. Yes. But he was the main spokesman. Now you imagine when they camp at night and there were some of them evangelist or maybe some of them teachers or whatever more that's watching guard around what was going on. Remember this is you talking about a caravan of wealth. And you see, this is one way that this bride can have confidence in this man's message by the wealth of gifts that he has when he comes. He won't be like your extraordinary evangelist. He won't be just like another or Roberts or whatever more. But this Eleer is going to be gifted above his brothers. Now you imagine if a guy rolled in there and a little old donkey had a backpack on the back about that big and said, "I I I've got a rich master way over yonder." And I'm telling you what, he sent me over here and she look said, "Are you kidding me? You're a poor representation of that. Don't you understand why our nation will be judged? Every healing, every miracle, every sign, every discernment that was performed by the spirit of God through our prophet will be a notice of judgment to those who reject it. Amen. And the servant took 10 camels of the camels of his master and departed for all the goods of his master were in his hand. And he arose and went to Mesopotamia unto the city of Nahor. Huh? Nahor. Wonder who that might be. The city of Nahor. Now he's taking, of course, these camels for provision for himself, but much of it is going to be gifts for the bride. And also the group that the bride is called out of, they'll receive a few benefits just because she's there with them. Well, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Y'all remember her brother's name, don't you? Laban. Oh, Jacob knew him well. He become his daddy-in-law. Oh, yeah. You can watch old Laban as the dollar signs go to rolling in his eyes when he goes to see him earrings and them bracelets on her hand. And Laban said, "Oh, blessed be the man of the Lord. Come on in. Come on in." Old Laban's still around, ain't he? Yeah. So, he come with gifts. But you know what? the the family she come out of and the move that she was called out of received the benefit from this messenger simply because Rebecca had been there among them. Well, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, I'll tell you one thing. Your family may look at you and say, "You brought such shame and embarrassment to us cuz you're following that man. And what in the world are you doing to all Everybody in Johnson City knows that you belong to a cult and that ain't nothing but a man worshiping church. We don't worship no man here. We worship our God who become a man. But we praise no man but the Lord Jesus. He is our redeemer. He is our God. But you see this messenger at his discretion is given control over certain elements of these gifts. Now he knows he's representing his representation is very important. So if he goes it's a measly little something that woman ain't going to be convinced. But the gifts he has must testify of the magnificence of his master. So instead of just laying hands on the people and coming through the prayer, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It would be like I heard yesterday. Oh, I see. I see you're from you're not from Chicago. You're from Planefield. Your name is so and so. Oh, that's your sister sitting there by you. She's got ear problem and got head and got this and that and the other. Yes. So, what was that? Testifying of the magnificence of his master, not of the messenger himself. Come on now, church. It was testifying of the magnificence of the master. It displayed the rank and the worthiness not of the man but of the master. Where has my time gone? Now watch. We jump from verse 10 to verse 11. And he made his camels to kneel down without the city by a well of water at the time of the evening. Even the time that the churches go out hungering for revival to draw water. I love the way the prophet goes in this direction. Eleaser found Rebecca in the evening time and the sign was performed in the evening time. That's the time we're living in. I trust you. Get this. It was the evening time when Rebecca came out led by the spirit. And he said, "Oh Lord God of my master Abraham, I pray thee, send me good speed this day. Show kindness unto my master Abraham. Now he leaves the success of this whole mission to Jehovah God. Behold, I stand here by the well of water and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water. And let it come to pass. Watch it now. Let it come to pass. speaking something with a future fulfillment. Let it come to pass that the damsel to whom I shall say, let down thy picture, I pray thee, that I may drink, and she shall say. You're a cult. I've got to Google you. I've got to check you on YouTube. Now, won't you listen at the identification of this woman who's going to get Isaac as her husband? She's going to say exactly what the messenger said. Yeah. So, it wasn't a jumbled up mixture of uh well, I feel led and I I think and and this is my opinion and uh and I don't think we no longer need that and and this is another day and no right off that ain't her. Now, watch how particular he is. I praise thee that I may drink and she shall say drink and I will give thy camels drink also. Let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac. And thereby shall I know that thou has showed kindness not unto me but unto my master. You see what he's looking for is a sign of response. He's watching her. Can you imagine this man's whole reputation, his honor, his integrity is on this. Oh, would any of us want to be able to pick somebody else's wife? Good gracious. Some of us brothers know what it's like picking her own sweating bullets. Oh, God, don't let me mess up. Don't let me mess up. Not only that, she's praying the same way about you before she agreed to you. So, you're going to take this woman and you're going to take her back and Isaac is going to marry her at your choice. But this man had really been taught good, hadn't he? Yes, sir. An angel had come to him and gave him a commission. You see? Glory to God. Glory to God. So he must watch what she says, how she behaves. So the way he's framing it is he wants to see her nature. He wants to see her character. Can she serve? Or is she, you know, just lie type thing, sit around and, you know, just do her fingernails and her toenails and all that sort of thing. And she's got to be babyed and got to be pampered and all that sort of thing. But watch what he does. He pulls servitude into an identification which will be a trait that he'll know she's a bride. Praise God. Hallelujah. Good disposition, sanctified, useful, not just decoration. Verse 15. And it came to pass. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Before, Lord God, before he had done speaking, he hadn't even finished it. Behold, Rebecca came out. Well, well, well, Rebecca. Rebecca means this cord with a noose. In other words, a rope made with like a lasso on the end of it. accord with a noose. You see, she was so beautiful and such a damsel of great beauty and attraction that they named her accord with a noose that when men will look upon her, they will be captivated. Oh, don't you see? That's what we don't see about ourselves. It's that part of himself that he placed at us that captured him. It captured Jesus. Oh, didn't he say in Song of Solomon, "Turn your eyes away from me. Turn your face away from me. Even one of your eyes has captured me. Just one of your eyes captured me. You put a noose bride on my heart. You last on me. You called me from eternity into time. You made me go to the cross. You I'd like to preach to you sometime on for the love of a woman. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. And it came to pass before he had done speaking that behold Rebecca came up who was born to Bethuuel son of Mila wife of Nahor. Anybody know who he is? Abraham's brother. Hallelujah. With her picture upon her shoulder. Now, it was not a picture of herself. Ah, first selfie in the Bible. I'm so beautiful. Man, man. Man, my heartbreaker. It was a big picture that would haul about five gallons of water. Yeah. labor, works, not idleness. I love this. It was in the evening time when he came to the well near the city. And it was about that time that Rebecca had to make a decision. I believe the angel of the Lord beat him there about a half an hour for he will send his angels before you. Then he makes the way clear. It must have been the angel of God that spoke to Rebecca's heart and said, "Go get the water. Amen. The day that God was pulling on your jean seed, the angel of God must have said to you, "Go get ready and go to church." You said, "I don't want to go to church." You said, "I said, go get ready and go to church." And what' you do? You went to church and you found the well of living waters. Not a church, not a preacher, but Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. And Rebecca came to the water of life at the evening time. You get the picture. It's the church in the last days. Evening time. The evening lights are here. It's the time that the angel of the Lord in a supernatural is revealing himself to the Rebecca, the bride of Isaac. The evening time has come. The angel of the Lord's in the message. This is why you ain't getting this message from me. You all want to sell it. You want to get rid of it. Go ahead. If that's what you want to do, you ain't taking this message from me. You get tired of hearing me preach it. That's your problem. That ain't mine. I Oh, I love this message now more than I've ever loved it in my life. I ain't sick of it. I ain't tired of it. I ain't looking for a new version. I don't just hear the voice of a Kentucky. I hear the voice of the spirit of God anointing that man for this hour. The angel of the Lord's possessive in this message and it goes forth and woos the Rebecca Elizer started praying. Oh Lord God, let something supernatural happen. Oh my, you sent your angel before me. Now let him do something. I know he's gone before me. And let the one the young woman that comes and gives me a drink out of the picture also will water the camels without asking. Let that be she the one. And he no more than said Rebecca came. God's right on the dot or in your situation right on the spot. Hallelujah. No more than your heart goes out to hunger and thirsting for God, some kind of Holy Ghost revival will break out somewhere. Something will glory to God, a neighbor will get healed and somebody will tell you about it. Something will take place to let you see the angel of the Lord is a movement. Rebecca, Rachel, Zapora, all met their husbands at the well of water. Hallelujah. And the woman at the well met her true husband at the well of water. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I'll tell you one thing, you might as well recognize that that's where you met your husband. Not at some denominational system, but the well of living water. [Music] Amen. They all found their husbands. Isn't that awesome? Verse 16. And the damsel was very fair to look upon, a virgin, neither had any man known her. And she went, listen, [Music] down to the well and filled her picture and came up. Right? She was beautiful corded with a noose. I quoted this to you in the Song of Solomon chapter 6 verse 5. Turn away thine eyes from me for they have overcome me. Thy hairs as a flock of goats that appear in Gilead. You see, beauty is a characteristic of his real bride. So it's fitting that the mother of the church should be called as beautiful. You see, it was a simple matter. Not a stranger would ask her for water. But it was a lifechanging question. He didn't tell her now, "Oh, if you only knew what way did you you do what I tell you to do?" Oh, no. You can't judge her character by giving her the answer. You ask her the question and then see how she answers from her heart. Her destiny depended on this answer. Can I have a few more minutes? You see, little things are often the most reliable to really reflect the truest points of our character. We think great big old thing. Oh my, we always want to do this big big big step. But I was looking at it yesterday and the prophet said it this way. It's the little things sometimes that we leave undone that means so much to us. We get in such a hurry to race over things in this neurotic age that we live in. Again, he says, "I wonder tonight in radio land in the visible audience that many of you aren't thinking on your ways and the things that you have done and the things you've left undone, it's just as great to leave undone as it is to do something wrong." That's right. So, you mean when we leave something undone, read our Bible, pray, give a nice word, be tender-hearted, on and on and on and on we can go. would just simply leave it undone. Your prophet said, "It's as great to leave it undone. Is it absolutely to do a wrong or a sin?" Just things we leave undone. We're always wanting to do something big. Maybe we wasn't ordained to do something big. Maybe it's the little things that we're leaving undone. It's what's hurting us. But watch her. Her response prompt, quick, cordial. And the servant ran to meet her and said, "Let me, I pray thee, drink a little water of thy picture." And she said, "Drink, my Lord." And she hasted and let down the picture upon her hand. Now she would have taken it down from her shoulder and set it down upon her hand to tip it over. Now watch. And gave him drink. So far so good. And when she had done giving him drink, she said, "I will draw water for the Holy Ghost and I'll start praising and watering and worshiping." That's what prophet said that the camels was type of the Holy Ghost. So whenever you're here in church and every day you live your life, you're giving water to the camel that's going to pack you home and your body change. So if you give him about a tenth of a tank, does that mean you only get 300t off the ground? I want mine to have plenty of fuel. What about you all? Amen. So watch, she uses the same language, the same words in the order that he said [Laughter] them. And she hasted and emptied her picture in the trough. And Amen. Ran again unto the well to draw water and drew for all his camels. A camel whenever it's thirsty can drink between 30 and 40 gallons. Let's just go on the low side. 30 gallons times 10 camels is 300 gallons of water. Assuming that Rebecca was a kind of a tough person, she could probably have at least packed five gallon, which would have been about the size of the large picture, which weighs 8.3 lb per gallon. depends on the density of the air and couple of different things can affect it. Can have a few variables to it, but we'll say 8 pounds a gallon, say 40 pounds per trip. Now, she hauls five gallons. That means she makes 60 trips to the well. Now, she didn't take a garden hose like I did out here before church and hook it up on the outside of my office and run it out there to water some flowers that I set out yesterday and just stand up. Now, in this time frame, their whales were not surface wells. They would have to dig down in the ground. So, they would actually dig steps down into the ground. So, she would have had to go down into the ground. The Bible said down to the well. So she would have had to went down in the ground. Let her pitch her down. Get down on her knees. Let her pitch her down. Get up. Pull it up on her shoulder. 35 to 40 lbs. Go back up the steps. Empty it back down. Back and forth. Back and forth. Back and forth. You get the picture. Now, why in the world did not this man and his servants help that poor woman pack that water? Why don't the Lord come to our rescue as soon as we're sick? Why don't the Lord stop all death for his children? Why would Jesus tell Mary and Martha whenever he's fixing to raise their brother from the dead? But yet he tells them two women, "Yes, sir. You roll the stone away." There stood them brrawy fisherman, big broad shouldered outfit standing there. You imagine them looking, Lord, this ain't even courteous. Leave them alone. Don't you do it, Peter. Don't you move it. Sometimes when you're praying and waiting and you say, "Lord, where are you? Lord, what's going on?" He's watching your character under duress. He's watching your temperament. He's watching all of that. What do you do? Make another trip and another. You imagine she is sweating worse than I am tonight. And that heat down there back and forth. Her legs might have been a cramping and she'd gone back and forth. She didn't know who she's fixing to be. She had no promise. This man is simply a stranger. It wasn't like it's a great message preacher. It was a great prophet of God. She had no idea who this man was. Let's stand. Wonderful. So she would have looked at all them camels 30 60 90 120. Oh I don't I don't feel led. One second thought I'm feeling led to go home. But you see this is what's testifying to this messenger. This is bride type right here. cuz she'll cry and she'll pray. She'll put forth every effort. And sometimes I'll put the answer on delay or sometimes, as I said on Sunday, he may even say no. And we still keep going up down them steps. We keep getting that buckets of water. I love you, Lord Jesus. I love you. Don't you ever forget it. As long as you live, if Satan can stop you from going to the well to water your camels, he stole a great deal of your victory. Bringing it up to the messenger, it wasn't that bad. But trip after trip after trip after trip for the man, for Isaac, for Abraham, for camels, for camels. He's saying, "But brother Donnie, I'm tired and I've worked today. My hands just don't want to go up and and all that." But remember, you're watering the very thing that's going to change you after a while. Praise God. I can just see her standing there looking at it. 30 60 90 120 15 80 Let's do her. Yep. Let's do her. I don't even know who this man is. I don't have a clue this man. He might be a renegade. He might be a robber. I don't know what I'm even doing this for, but all she knew was she heard a voice. She heard a voice. You've got a meeting down at the well. And she just kept, "Oh, glory to God. I don't know what this meeting is, but it must be something." It was something. All right. Sing it for us. Hallelujah. [Music] It was a day in early spring town. Glory by an ancient wayside well. Wayside. Eleaser paused to rest his camel. Camel tree. He had found a bride for Isaac. Thank you, Lord. air. The evening shadows fall for his weary journey had not had in vain. So he take he took the fair back dressed in jewels rich and rare quickly to her waiting bridegroom far away. Pick it up a little bit. Where Rebecca loved her rising and he loved Rebecca fair. Oh, it must have been a happy wedding day. Oh, get ready. The evening shadows fall. Don't you hear the elies are call? Aren't you glad you heard him? There's already been a wedding. Greater joys will soon begin. In the evening when the trial train comes in once again. Oh, get ready. The evening shadows fall. Oh, don't you hear the eleer call. Thank God there's already been a wedding and greater joy will soon begin in the evening when the camel train comes in. Now our blessed holy father sent a prophet from above. He came down to earth to find an elected bride. Well, glory to God for our Isaac over yonder has prepared our tents of love and he wants his fair by his side course. Now everybody, oh get ready. Evening shadows fall. Don't you hear the Have you heard it? How many's heard at ease are called? Thank you, Lord God. There's already been a wedding. An invisible union's going on in the evening time when the camel train comes in. Let's do the last verse real slow. Now our blessed holy father sent a prophet from above. He came down to earth with a sign in his hand to find an elected bride. For our Isaac over yonder has prepared his tents of love. Whichever one of you's got a promise. The tent will be your new body. You've got a tent waiting. Glory to God. I feel like talking in tongues. Hallelujah. He's prepared your tents. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. For our Isaac over yonder has prepared his tents of love. And he wants his fair rebecca by his [Music] side. One 2 3 4. Oh, get ready. The evening shadows fall. Aren't you glad you've heard the alleys are call? There's already been a wedding and greater joys are soon begin in the evening when the camel train comes in. Everybody now will sing it. Oh, get ready. The evening shadows fall. Don't you hear the ele? Praise God. Hallelujah. Our greater joys will soon begin in the evening when the camel train rose. We've left our kin folk gladly. We've b the world goodbye. [Music] We've been called to be his pure and spotless brother. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Well, we'll soon behold our Jesus in that blessed eternity. What a happy, happy time that's going to be. Let's sing that once again. Well, we've left our canvol gladly. We've paid the world goodbye. We've been called to be his pure and spotless bride. Amen. Where we'll soon behold our Jesus. Thank you, Lord. In that blessed eternity. What a happy happy time that's going to be. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Everybody now we're singing. Everybody will be happy will be happy. And well, we will shout and sing over. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. that I could still go free. Maybe she thought her little life would be a life that would never amount to much. And that secluded part of the world just in a simple way of going down to the well and drawing water and watering the sheep and taking care of the garden. Little did she know that God had her ordained to be the queen. Hallelujah. To be married to Isaac. Some of you probably thought you wouldn't live to be 20 or 30, maybe even 40. It never amount to nothing. Well, maybe that's true in the natural. But you're called to be married to the Almighty. Hallelujah. You can lock me up in a prison. Oh, and [Music] throw away the key. You can take away my [Music] vision from these eyes that now now can see. You proud me of the very food I need and even Oh, hallelujah. I know my hands and feet. But as long as I I know Jesus, then I could still Oh, let's sing it together now, saints. Praise the Lord. Oh, he said that I could still go free. Praise God. What kind of a man or sing it to [Music] him? Oh, water that Holy Spirit tonight. Now water it. Give him praise. [Music] So unworthy to live, glory, not fit to kill. But the man on the cross had my name written under those seals and said that I I could steal. Oh, glory to God. Oh, I never could. quite [Music] understand why a great king would want to leave heaven's throne and put on the ro of an earthly man feel Flame of flesh and bone. And to lead her tr up that lonely path that led to Calary. Let's build it up now, brothers. Oh, where that blood shame and broke all your chain. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And said that you could go free. Let's water the Holy Spirit now. He said that I could still go free. Oh, come on, Rebecca. Let's make our eyes to Lord Jesus. What kind of a man would reach down that nail scarred hand and do this for me? Even so unworthy to live and not fear to kill. But one day I found my name written. Oh yes I did. Written under the mystery of the seven sea. He said that I I could still go [Music] free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's ready to come. I'm ready to go. And I know some of y'all's ready to go home. So, I'm going to let you. Let's sing this. Praise be to God. Oh, children, it ain't going to be long. We're going to mount up on that camel train. Glory be to God. We're going to see our loved ones and we're going to be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Praise be to God. I think considering all things, I behaved myself quite nicely tonight. Oh, glory to [Music] [Applause] God. Well, I've seen all this world I want to see. Things down here ain't got no chains on [Music] me. I'm not worried about Leia because I know he's ready to come. I'm ready to go. Oh, it seems like everybody talking about heaven. If you want to go along, you better be leaving. I got a feeling someday soon be leaving. If you want to ride this camel train, you better not be slow. He's ready to come. I'm ready to go. Oh, he's ready to come. I'm ready to [Music] go. Sometimes it seems like everything goes wrong. Anybody have them kind of days? I just sit around crying, sing old sad songs. Oh, he whispers in my ear. let me know he's ready to come and I'm ready to go. It seems like everybody talking about heaven. I [Music] got He's ready to come and I'm ready to go. He's ready to come. And I'm ready to go. Oh, it seems like everybody's talking about heaven. If you want to go along, you better be believing. I got a feeling someday soon we'll be leaving. If you're going to ride this train, you better not be slow. He's ready to come. Sing it as you go tonight. And then go. He's ready to come. I'm ready to go. Oh, it seems like [Music] everybody's Oh, sometimes even Oh, if you're going to ride this train, you better not be slow. Oh, he's ready to come and I'm ready to go. He's ready to come and I'm ready to go. Oh, it seems like everybody's talking about heaven. If you want to go along, you better be believing. I got a feeling someday soon we'll be leaving. If you're going to ride this train, you better not be slow. He's ready to come and I'm ready to go. He's ready to come and I'm ready to go. Oh, it seems like everybody's talking about heaven. If you want to go along, you better be believing. Oh, I got a feeling someday soon be leaving. You're going to ride this [Music] train. Heat. [Music] [Music]
