################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.173 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.173
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK84kIpIp_A
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Who is he? Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful isn't Jesus our Lord. Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard. What's recorded in God's word is a Jesus our Lord. Wonderful. Oh, is a he. Oh, sing it to him. Oh, is a Jesus our Lord. Wonderful. Eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus our Lord? Wonderful. One more time if you will. Oh, isn't he? Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. All eyes have seen. Oh, what's recorded. Oh, isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Oh, we got to sing that again. Oh is he, oh wonderful. Oh is a Jesus my Lord. Wonderful eyes have [Music] seen. Thank you Lord. Oh, isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Oh, give him a hand if you believe he's wonderful tonight. Praise the Lord. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of God on Wednesday night? Look at your neighbor and tell him you're glad to see him in church tonight. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is to get to be in the house of God. One more time. Praise the Lord. If you're visiting with us tonight, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you with us visiting. God bless you. Uh Brother Aaron Oglesby and his family. They're I don't know how many of us here, but they're here tonight. Going to be hearing from brother Aaron just in a minute or two. So glad to have those folks with us. If I left you out, it's just because I didn't see you or don't know you. But we're so glad to have you visit with us tonight. Could we give our visitors a good hand tonight if you will? Amen. To all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless our streamers. Could we give those folks a real good hand tonight? Praise the Lord. Amen. Just remain standing, Brother Aaron, if you get ready to pray over our requests tonight. Uh, Sister Barbara Gravity wants to thank the Lord for watching over her yesterday. Fell and hit her head, but she's doing okay. So, she wants to thank the Lord for that. Sister Eva Hegy wants to thank everyone for their prayers regarding her vehicle and some of the family issues that she was dealing with. God came on the scene and took care of every situation that she was facing. He even sent a perfect stranger her way to repair her vehicle free of charge. She thanks the Lord for that. Also, sister Eva streamed Sunday service and wanted Brother Joel Brown to know it was such a blessing to her and wanted to thank him. Well, we all enjoyed Brother Joel Sunday, didn't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sister Linda Jablonsky just out of the hospital, not feeling well tonight. Want to remember her as we pray. Sister Janet Payne says, "A coworker where my daughter works was killed on a motorcycle wreck uh I believe on Saturday night, leaving behind a 16-year-old son. Her husband is still in the hospital. Please remember all. Uh it was very hard on the family. So, we want to remember those folks as we pray tonight." A sister wants to praise God for brother Joel Brown's message. She got an urgent answer that she had been praying about. Somebody say, "Thank you, Lord." Amen. Sister Sandra McGraw wants to thank the Lord for uh all of the the church's prayers. She's home from the hospital, but still ask that we would continue to remember her. So, we want to remember that tonight. Brother Gary Harris says to please remember brother David Hara in prayer. He's in a lot of pain with a very swollen knee. So, let's remember brother David tonight as we pray. I'm kindly asking you and the church to please remember me in prayer as I have some medical tests to get done and hoping for positive results. Uh Sister Mara from Toronto, Canada sends that in. So we'll remember that need tonight as we pray. Sister Janet Kennedy says, "I've been having trouble with my neck and shoulder. I went for prayer on Sunday about it and I am healed. Not only my neck, but the other needs as well." Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Brother Ryan Kennedy's asking for prayer for my grandfather's wife, Linda Hefner. She had a ter she has a terminal illness with no known cure. She's bed bound and has multiple seizures per day. The doctors are not giving her much time to live. Praying for God's will and strength for my grandfather at this time. So, we want to commit that need unto the Lord tonight. I've got a couple announcements. We'll get to them just in a minute. Let's sing that chorus together one more time if you will. Look at your neighbor again. Say, "God bless you." Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Please. [Music] Jesus, my Lord. Wonderful. Amen. Amen. God bless you this evening. It's It's always a real blessing for me and my family to have the opportunity to come and and be with y'all. We're always so blessed. Y'all are like family to us and we sure love and appreciate you. Amen. So, amen. Let's just take these needs to the Lord tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we bow our heads before you this evening, Lord. Just so thankful for this privilege, so thankful for this opportunity that we have to gather together, Lord, with with other believers of like precious faith, Lord, and just to come and and hear the word tonight, Lord Jesus. And we're just so grateful and thankful, Lord, that above all that you've promised that you'd be here tonight, Lord. So, this isn't just a gathering of people, not just a gathering of friends, Lord. Lord, but it's a gathering where we expect you to come on the scene and move tonight, Lord. Not just just another gathering of people would not benefit us in any way. Just a a fine speech wouldn't benefit us, Lord. But tonight, Lord, I believe things of eternal value can take place, Lord, because it's the eternal word of God that we've come to hear and to feed upon. And I just pray that you'll anoint every aspect of this service, Lord. The the singing, the music. I I pray that the worship will be pleasing to you, Lord. and that it'll create an atmosphere that you feel welcome to come in and deal with hearts and deal with lives. And Father, I just pray you'd anoint Lord, Brother Donnie as he would bring the word and just anoint not only him to speak, but Lord, I'm asking that you'll anoint every ear in this audience tonight, Lord. That the word can take full effect that we'll receive it, not just be hearers, but doers of the word, Father. Lord, for every need that was read across this desk. We're so grateful, Lord, that Lord, not only did you know about each one before the foundation of the world, Lord, but you have provided the need the the answer, Lord. You took stripes for our sickness. You you move on our behalf, Lord. And you've got an answer on the way. And we just say thank you. I pray tonight, Lord, that every bound person be delivered, Lord. That every backslider, Lord, is be pricricked in their heart to draw closer to you, Lord. And Lord, that's my prayer. May tonight in this place, may we all draw closer to you, Lord. Lord, I pray that each needy one, each shut in, each person, Lord, will have received from you tonight as the word comes forth. Lord, we commit it all to you. Lord, we commit this congregation and each person listening in wherever they may be. Lord, I pray you'll have your way in their life and just move in a special way tonight. Father, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Give Brother Aaron a nice hand tonight. Praise the Lord. So appreciate your brother. We He got a real ministry. The Lord has blessed him to to be a wonderful speaker, had he? Amen. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, we're going to receive the evening offering. Uh just a few announcements tonight. Uh rem a reminder that after service tonight, we will be having open house in the fellowship hall. Let me just stop right there for a second. If you haven't seen what's going on over in the fellowship hall, it will it will absolutely overwhelm you. the work and the preparation and all the stuff that's been going on. Uh the Sunday school classrooms as well. We encourage everyone to visit them so you can appreciate all the hard work, the time and effort the Sunday school teachers and all the vacation Bible school helpers have provided to make it possible. And there just so many people involved in putting that together. Uh but we certainly want to say that uh brother Michael Bailey, I think he would head the list as far as uh the idea and the uh uh this the theme for the the Bible school and and and just uh brother we we love brother Michael Bailey, don't we? He's he's a real brother. Amen. Amen. and brother brother Julian and sister Caroline the the pyramid over in the uh that you'll get to see tonight if you go over there they're responsible for the biggest part of that and they've done a they just done a tremendous tremendous job all the teachers uh the work that you put in and the effort and and all the the things that there is to see uh we just want to say thank you to all that's involved in putting that together. Could we give those folks a good hand tonight? Praise the Lord. Just so so blessed to be part of what God's doing in the earth. Paul, we're not all of it, but we're part of it, right? Are you glad to be part of it tonight? Somebody said to tell Paul 88.3 and Brother Jesse Sacker that they really enjoyed your song on Sunday morning. We did, didn't we? It was so good. Amen. The Lord has blessed us. Sister Anna did a good job. We got some good songs for tonight. So, we just got uh Brother Donniey's going to be speaking. We just got a lot to enjoy here tonight. Let's just have a good time, will you? We get to do this twice a week tonight and if we live again Sunday morning. So, let's enjoy every second of it. We need to, don't we? This is all of heaven you will get to be in until Sunday again. Right? Well, some of you don't know what I'm talking about, but anyway. Praise the Lord. Paul Raider, he made a statement one time. He said, "I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it." You know, he was he was very sick and body. And brother Randle told the story how that his boss, the main boss, said, "Paul, if you just put that log over in the in the stream, it goes right by the gate. He was struggling to lift it." He was just out of energy, out of strength. But his great boss said, "If you just put that thing over in the stream and get on it and ride it, you can ride it all the way." I'm glad we're riding on it tonight. I'm glad we're riding on the message of the hour. We're riding on it. It's going to get us home. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise. I shall [Applause] forever lift mine eyes to Calary. thought of you. The cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he looked beyond all my faults and saw my knees see that course again. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary. Oh, sing it to him. for you and for me. Glory to God. Thank you Lord. Oh, he looked me on my bones and saw my need. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. [Applause] For it was grace that bought my liberty. Oh, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Praise your name Lord. Praise your name. Thank you, Lord. Oh, just sing it like you believe it tonight. I shall forever my eyes to Calary of you had a rugged cross where Jesus died for you and for Glory. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he looked beyond all my bones and saw my knees. over. He saw my He saw my need. He saw my name. Glory. Oh, give him a good hand clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? Let's sing a little bit of that tonight. Singers, if you come on to the platform, be get ready to sing. We'll go right on into the service. Anybody here know about the love of Jesus? I do. How about you? Praise the Lord. Let's sing a little bit of that tonight if you will. Anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Oh yes, I do. Oh, anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. Now searching he saw. Oh, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. to my children my way. I heard the sweetest song to song. [Music] Don't anybody know about the love of Jesus? Lord, we do. Oh, we do. Anybody know about the love of Jesus? I do. Yes, I do. He came to change. Thank you, Lord. Yes, he did. Said that I could use glory to myself. His power is my conscious. Oh, anybody know about the power of Jesus? Lord, I do. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Anybody know about the power of Jesus? Lord, I do. Yes, I do. Hallelujah. Give our singers a nice hand as you're seated tonight. [Music] [Music] My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is treading out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored. He has loosed his faithful lightning of his terrible sword. Oh his truth and his marching on. [Music] Oh glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. Glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. for his truth is marching on. He has sounded forth the trumpet. Thou shall never call retreat. He is lifting out the hearts of man before his judgement seat. He swift my soul to answer him. be jubil. Our God is maring on the li. Christ is born across the sea with a glory in his bosom that transfigured you and me. As he died to make man holy, let us die to make man free. of God is marching on. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. He is coming like the glory of the morning on the way. He is wisdom to the mighty. He is comfort to the brave. The world shall be his buttool and the soul of time is lame. My God is maring on. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory, glory, [Music] hallelujah. His truth is marching on. Oh, is truth is marching on. [Music] [Applause] [Music] How great the chasm that lay between us. How high the mountain I could not climb. In desperation, I turned to heaven and spoke your name into the night. Then through the darkness, your loving kindness tore through the shadows of my soul. The work is finished. The end is written. Jesus Christ my livinging hope. Who could imagine so great a mercy? What heart could fathom such boundless grace? The God of ages stepped down from glory to wear my sin and bear my shame. The cross has spoken. I am forgiven. [Music] The King of Kings calls me his own. Beautiful Savior. I'm yours forever. Jesus Christ my livinging home. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every shame. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living hope. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my living. Oh, then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe. Out of the silence, the roaring lion declared, "The grave has no claim on me." Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body begin to breathe out of the silence. Your roaring lion declare the grave has no claim on me. Jesus, yours is the victory. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my livinging hope. Jesus Christ my livinging home. Oh God you are my livinging hope. [Music] We probably need to hear the lamb sing D. Y'all help me. The spirit and the bride will sing come. The elect feeling stir inside their heart. Our united time has come. We and the father are one. [Music] You will be [Music] without even has come. God is making preparation. She's here for her [Music] king. He's cleaning from inside the [Applause] glory to her. She's washed in the blood of God's own son. rightousness. She knows not her own. She's just before his throne. Will she rain with her love forever has come preparation? Sh has come making Heat. Heat. The light is clear from the lead on and the lead on. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. We're in the evening light. The Lord gave Harry that song many, many years ago, I guess. Right when we come into the message, huh? It's still still powerful today. Well, let's read about the evening light, shall we? Genesis 24:21. And the man wondering at her held his peace to w whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. Now remember in bestowing the jewelry, Eleazar claimed Rebecca for Isaac by her allowing him to touch her hands and her face. She accepts it and said, "Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee. Is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Mila, which she bare unto Nahor. Now remember, I pointed this out to you before that it was unusual in the Old Testament genealogy in the lineage to mention the woman's side. For most part, it was the man's side. But apparently to Rebecca, it was very important. She said, "Moreover, unto him we have both straw and proender enough and room to lodge in." Now, these are not baited questions. They're questions that will determine her destiny. Her answers are telling this man whether or not she's a match. Our answers about the word tell the same thing. Yeah. I want to say the right thing, don't you? And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. How many like to be remembered tonight as we pray? I've got a dear friend of mine, Brother Luther Dishman. He's the pastor of the church down in Kentucky where I was there years and years ago. And uh Brother Luther's got a lot of a lot of things going on in his body right now. Carol's been hearing from his daughter, Sister Donna, and he's going to have to go to kidney specialist just several different things. And I know that they would appreciate us praying for them. And also of course the church family. You can imagine if it was your pastor and I'm able to preach. Brother Pete had to go down take the service on Sunday for him because he just wasn't able to preach. So I know that they would appreciate our prayers. Let's just pray together, shall we? Lord Jesus, we're so grateful tonight that whenever we do face such things in life that we have you that we can come to. You don't promise us that this life will be free from heartache and sadness and trouble. As a matter of fact, you tell us that many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivers them out of them all. And as I've heard your prophet say it this week in the little sermon I know he said as a matter of fact whenever we become Christians it becomes harder than it was when we was in the world. And to many people it's a stumbling block. But to those that are included in the mysterion of God they understand it's part of their molding their making. So we bring these requests before you tonight signified by the uplifting of the hands. And father, we're praying for our brother Luther. Dear God, that you'd be mindful of our brother. Heavenly Father, you see all these things that are going on with him and his dear wife, Sister Barbara. Lord, we pray for your mercy to them that you would help them. you see Lord going to the doctor and they're going to try to figure out the best thing that they can do. But we know Lord that you could come to our brother and in less than 30 seconds time he could be transformed and won't even need to go to a doctor. But we're asking Lord that your will be done. Now we come into this crucial important part of the service. The singing is so wonderful. prayer requests, testimonies, all the the part that we've had thus far. But now, Lord, the most important part, we will either conceive further pregnant of your word or our hearts will become closed or we will just be mediocre in the service and kind of sit around looking and wondering what's going to happen. But I pray that there would be fertile ground in this place tonight, Father, that we could be recipients of your seed word. That it'll bring forth the finished body of the Lord Jesus. For it's in the name of the word of God that we ask it. And the saint said, "Amen." God bless you. You may be seated. Anybody know what a cuba is? It ain't one of them big old things you play. The cuba was the marriage contract. So the Jewish marriages were legally formalized. I'm going to read some of these things and you can read them with me. by a written marriage contract called a cuba that stated the bride price, the promises of the groom and the rights of the bride. Now listen what the what the cuba holds. So, it's a written marriage contract and it states the bride price. So, how much will the groom and the groom's family have to pay to be able to marry this woman? It will also state the bride's rights and it will include the groom's promises pertaining to the bride, what he will do, what he will provide, and then it turns around and tells the bride her rights in the marriage. So the word Cuba actually just means simply literally that it was a written instrument. Hence the reason for its application to what they called the marriage deed. So it was a contract like we would have a deed of property. So the woman then become the man's possession. He became hers. Now this is just the engagement, the betroal. This would take place after the friend of the bridegroom would come and make this agreement. So he brings the cuba with him. So, as we've been looking in the Old Testament, Israel was viewed as the wife of Yahweh. And the Cuba was the Old Testament or the Old Covenant. In there, the Hebrew scriptures, it contained what God said that he would do. So Deuteronomy, you know the book of Deuteronomy duos, which means a repeating or the repetition of the law contains some of the same things as numbers and Leviticus. So it's duos rtomy and it's Deuteronomy. And God tells them now if you will do this and this and this then I will do this and this and this. But if you don't do this and this, then I will do this and this. So here was their cuba. It was their marriage contract. But aren't you glad that we have a new covenant, a new testament. So the word testament means a covenant. So the old testament which is English of course and it actually was an old covenant and the new testament would have been identified as a new covenant. Turn with me if you would to Hebrews 8:6. Now watch how Paul deals with this. But now hath he obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a better covenant or testament, which was established upon better promises. Notice now, so it changed bridegroom and it changed bride and it changed the cuba contract. So the bride price is going to be different. Now remember the bride price was not set by the parents of the bride. The bride price was based on the value of the groom's family, not the value of the bride's family. As a matter of fact, the bride might come from a very, very poor family. But that did not mean that her bride price would be lessened because she was from a poor family. Because the way they viewed it, it was the father of the groom. His wealth, hallelujah, is what determined actually how much the bride was worth. It was not really her family. Now, she might been way less off than than than the groom was. She might been less worthy, less notable. But that didn't mean then that the bridegroom's father and the bridegroom would say, "Okay, well, she's a poor girl and because of that, you know what? It won't cost us near as much. So, what we're going to do is I mean, we're going to make this a big lot's bride." Okay? So, we're going to buy maybe a you know, we're going to really reduce the bride price. That was not the way they configured it at all. It was based on the wealth of the bridegroom's father. So actually the bridegroom father, he was one that determined the price that his son could pay for his bride. Now this is in the cuba. Now watch in verse 7. Paul goes on to say, "For if that first covenant had been faultless, then should no place had been sought for the second. for finding fault with them. He saith, Behold, the days come, saith the Lord, when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah, not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the land of Egypt, because they continued not in my covenant. Now remember their cuba was a conditional covenant. How did they lose their land? They didn't keep the conditions. How did they lose forever the right to be Yahweh's wife as a nation? Their disobedience to the cuba. Now think of it that God gave them this conditionally. Hang with me now. The bride's covenant since Calvary is not based upon conditions. It's an eternal covenant. It ain't based upon you. It ain't based upon me. It's based upon our husband. Aren't you glad? Praise be to God. Now, notice, not according to the covenant that I made with her father. So it's going to be a new covenant relativity based upon him and sit upon her because they continued not in my covenant and I regarded them not. Now this is the way he could do that knowing what they would do. So he's going to make a lesser that would point to a greater. Had he gave the greater the lesser could have never followed. God never does it that way. And that's why it's so backwards for men that follow the message and they feel like that brother Brandham was sent to introduce them. You're totally backwards the way that God does anything. Whenever God sent his prophet on the earth, the prophet is to introduce a greater. And the greater one introduced after Malachi 4 wasn't Donnie Reagan. And it wasn't no other preacher in this message. Malachi 4 was sent to introduce who? Jesus Christ. The word. Yes sir. Now notice then God gave the lesser and because they did not keep it then God introduced the greater. Look at verse 10. For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days. Now remember this is Jeremiah. And he's speaking prophetically twofold with Israel as a nation, 144,000, but also the spiritual Israel, which is the gentile bride, that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, sayeth the Lord, I will put my laws into their mind and write them in their hearts. Now they'll not have the Torah like it was given to them in the Old Testament written first on tablets of stone. That was a great significance. It was not written upon a fleshly table of the heart. It was written on stone that was so rigid and so hard but yet could be broken. The stone tablets themselves showed the weakness and also the hardness of the law. What a contrast God signified by taking his own finger and writing it on something so hard as stone and yet showing the frailty of that same stone when Moses threw it down and broke it. Is that true? But notice how rigid, how firm, how stern the law could be. Oh my. I'm so grateful today, friends, that we have a new covenant. Now, we know and we do not believe nor preach that because we have that new covenant, we can live any way we want to. We can live however the world lives. Oh, no. If we're part of this new covenant, we live a wholly separate life from the world. And if you don't, you're deceived by the devil. Yeah. And the church said, "But God said, I will put my laws into their mind, and I will write them in their hearts, not on stone now, but in fleshly tables of the heart, and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people." Believe it. Do you believe tonight this scripture is being fulfilled right in this building? Notice in 2 Corinthians 3:2, "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts." Now notice the saints of God that actually become the literal translation of the message of God for the day they live in. They actually become the written word back on the very heart of God's prophet messenger who brought it. So from his heart, he delivered to them the precept and the oracle of God. Once they take it into their mind, they conceive it and they're celebrated. They bring forth the promised word for the day. Then that prophet messenger that brought that word will present them back as the friend of the bridegroom. And it becomes full circle again. The word made flesh in bride form. Amen. Amen. For as much as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ, ministered by us, written not with ink, oh my. But with the spirit of the living God, not on tables of stone, but in fleshly tables of the heart. Now notice this is the same church that when this letter 2 Corinthians was written about 5 years after 1 Corinthians, look how they had transformed from being that carnal church that they were in first Corinthians. They were so messed up. They had so many sexual sins and they when they come to church, he says one of his got a psalm, one of he's got a tongue. I mean they were so so focused on self. So when they come to church, it was not about the body. Read first Corinthians and wrote what Paul had to write to them. What was he going over and over again? The word edify. Edified. Edification. Edifying. It's used more there than it is anywhere else in the New Testament. Why? Because they were coming together. It was all about them. So this one had a song. This one had a tongue. This one had that. But look how they had grown five years down the road and see he doesn't have to mention that same sermon again. But now he can move from edify edification and all of that. What were they children? Babies five years time they had grown up from the baby form of first Corinthians. I I'd like to take these books sometime and preach them to you because I believe probably for most of us there's a little bit of every book of the New Testament in our life and every message church basically goes through the cycles of first Corinthians, 2 Corinthians, Ephesians, Philippians, Galatians, Phyimon all of that through there because you can take from those books principles that identify where you are in your walk with God. I love Corinthians because if it had not been for that there's much of the things about hair and dress and things like that we wouldn't even have. Paul never said anything about it in the Ephesian church because they didn't have those issues. But God turned it right around with the shortcomings of that church and he anointed Paul to write the principles of the oracles of God which have been used for over 2,000 years. Look what God does. The devil thinks he's going to make a mess out of something. God turns it right around, transforms the people that Satan made a mess out of. And God said, "Now I'm going to use as as an example, and there will be millions of people that'll be blessed by what you thought was a mess, devil." Now, how do you like that? So only our father can be able to transform it in such a way. So notice how the epistle now to the same group of people. remember they allowed a a man that was actually living with his stepmother sexually having a sexual affair with his stepmother in first Corinthians and and the first Corinthian church they were so carnal and they were so loose that they let him come right in the church and live that way. They wasn't saying nothing about it apparently from the pull pit and nowhere else. They just let it go right on. But look, Paul did not give up on them. We may have some first Corinthian church believers here tonight. Well, brother, we're still hanging on for you. Praise the Lord. Come on. Some of you second Corinthian believers, it's easy for you to look down your nose at some of them first Corinthian believers. But believe it or not, we all was first Corinthian believers at one time. You don't get to second Corinthians by jumping the first. We all start out as babies in this thing. And we grow and we learn. I hope are still teachable. Now watch. So they come from being immature. They come from going to church and focusing on themsel. I imagine that first Corinthian church whenever they would have church, it must have been something. I imagine it was as it was as wild as any Pentecostal church I was ever in in my life because they was all focused on themselves. Can you imagine what kind of service we'd have here tonight if everybody come in here and you wasn't worried about nobody else. You was not concerned about this one that and the other. If you wanted to turn somersaults and you started at the back and you turned somersaults all the way down here, landed and hit that step right there and stand up here preaching. You hit me, knocked me down. That don't matter. You're being blessed. You're having a great time. Glory to God. Well, you broke Brother Donny's jaw. Well, he can go to the doctor and get it all fixed. Glory to God. I was having a spell. I'm tell you one thing. Well, you fell and knocked sister so and so down and you hit bro so I don't care what I done. Glory to God. I was having a time. That's the kind of Christians they were. I hate to say it, but we got him today in the message. But look, no doubt the devil. Now, this is the church that the very prophet of the age started. And when you look at first Corinthians, it was the worst church in the New Testament at their present condition. But remember, God told Paul when he went there, "I'll have much people in this city." He mustn't need to hear that for the years that it was going to take him to bring them up. But they finally arrived. Look at what they moved from to this. For as much as ye are manifestally declared to be the epistle of Christ. Wow. Amen. So they went from the first apostolic church to the epistle of Christ. That's quite a move, is it not? Oh my. Think of it now. Ministered by us, written not with the spirit of the living God. Not in the tables of stone, but in fleshly tables of the heart. Now watch what Eleazar is doing. He's sent on a mission in the evening time to be able to find a bride for Isaac. Now remember Isaac, they had no pictures to be able to send with him. He was not able to Instagram or text or you know whatever more uh send Rebecca a YouTube video. She had to totally take his word of what type of man he was. He had to take his word and believe. No way to Google this guy. No way to be able to do a Yahoo search. No be able to way to check out the Louisville Journal or you know just to find out if there's 16 people killed on the bridge or not or no way to be able to go down to the cabin in Burksville, Kentucky and find out was there really a pillar of fire there. I mean she had no way to verify what this man said. So, how many of you would send your 16-year-old daughter with such a man? Must have been a disconnect there. Somehow it got as quiet as it could be. So, how you going to prove it? This is only one man's word. Oh, he had them servants there with him, but they're going to do what he said do. He's the boss. Now watch what they did. The kusheen the kusheen was the betroal. Now remember when the kusheen was ministered out, it was sealed with a cup of acceptance. A cup of acceptance. Now watch what Rebecca is doing. So drinking from the cup signified the groom's willingness to pay the price of the bride. Oh, so is that why that our bridegroom ministered the communion at the table before he went to pay the bride price? Is that the same groom that was in the garden of Gethsemane and said, "Father, if it be thy will, let this cup, what cup?" the agreement for the bride price because the father had made the decree based upon his wealth. It will determine the value of the bride and the Lord Jesus as a man he did not want to die. The prophet said he did not want to leave his disciples. And he's saying, "Father, if it be your will, let this cup pass from me." What cup? The cup of acceptance. Jesus, if you drink this cup, this means you are bound. If you take the cup, you are bound to follow through on your promises to this bride. And what are they? I will love you forever. You will let me down and you will disappoint me. Anybody ever done it? Sure you have. Rest of you didn't raise your hand. You did it right then cuz you're lying. But you know what he done when he took that cup? He agreed to love you for better, for worse. Hallelujah to God. Thank you, Lord. Now notice then the bride was also given a cup, the cup of acceptance. And hers was not that she was paying a price for the groom. She couldn't. Hers is accepting the groom's headship and the terms of the cuba which was the marriage covenant. Now you see this is what separates the bride from the church. One of the many things because the terms of the cuba are way too hard for the church, the foolish virgin type to ever be able to take the cup in their hand. Now they want the cup of blessing but not the cup of acceptance. Yeah. So now whatever they would they would agree together then the groom would take of the cup and this was his cup of acceptance and the bride to be was betro the kusheen and she would also take of the cup. Now in the cup was a mixture. There was bitter drags in the bottom. There were sweet times in the cup. There was healing times in the cup. Times of deliverance, times of miracles, but also on the same mixture of times of pain, times of sorrow, times whenever you're praying and asking God and it seems like the heavens are closed to you. Anybody ever felt that way? That's all in the cup. But you see the worldly church, they don't want none of those drags in the cup, all they want is the cup of blessing. They want their house to be blessed, their business to be blessed, their family to be blessed, and they're not required to do a whole lot. You know, they just want to know what's theirs. But if you're a bride, you know, that cup has a mixture. Oh my. Now notice whenever the cuba is agreed upon the marriage covenant they actually are still not living together they have not been able to consummate the wedding yet but this is where that the betroal or the engagement as we call it was binding. So it was thought through. So, a man did not come and just disclose a little bit about his life and leave out this part and that part and that part and that part cuz he knew if he told the girl that she wouldn't married him in the first place or the girl the same way. Come on, somebody. That's why young ladies, before you marry a man, you need to know that man, brothers, the same way with a girl. Just cuz she's got pretty eyes and bats them like a mosquito don't mean that she's a godly girl. You need to find out about her. What do you believe about the word? Do you believe in preachers? That's a damnable thing around the message and all tapes only. And it is damnable because it's contrary to the Bible and contrary to what God's prophet taught. Oh my. So now the they will join together and the bride is still not yet his. So one part part I find about this that is so interesting is that the cuba the groom commits in the cuba to absolutely have complete complete absolute with no one else involved provision for the bride and whatever she has need of from that time that she accepts the cup then he becomes responsible for her in their covenant relationship. And remember, they're still just yet engaged. So now, let's look at the cuba of the New Testament. When he comes upon the earth, he begins to utter peculiar words. I'm talking about the groom. And he has his friend to forrun him, which was John the Baptist. And John comes with the marriage covenant and he begins to tell them, "There's one among you who is mightier than I. I'm not even worthy to stoop down and and loose his shoes. I baptize you with water, but he will baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire." And he kept talking about him and talking about him. I said, "It's the messenger of the covenant. Get ready. Get ready. Here he's coming." What's he doing? He's laying out the covenant. This is why Jesus said, "You went out to see." What did you go to see when you went to see John? A prophet. And I say unto you more than a prophet because he was the messenger of the new marriage contract. The messenger of the covenant. Hang on to your false teeth. God did not just send William Brham in the last days to perform signs, wonders, and miracles, but to reinstitute the marriage contract again. It had been lost down through the church ages through Catholicism and Protestantism. And what did God do? God sent a friend of the bridegroom. Now notice their place is identified in scripture by the importance of their value was reflected from where they came from. So notice where did the seven messengers of the ages come from. They did not come from under the bridegroom's feet. They did not come from on top of his kneecap. They did not come from behind his ear and he reached up here and pulled them out somewhere. But they come from his right hand. Not left but right hand. The right hand signifies power demonstration of God. So they were the ones that will represent oh hallelujah the deity of God as he unveils the marriage contract. Oh I feel sorry for those down through the ages that have withstood these men. It will be a terrible thing for him in the day of judgment. You're going to be happy, my friends. I'm telling you tonight, you ought to be happy right now that you're identified with this word. But you wait for a little bit. You're really going to be happy after a while. Now, notice in Matthew 26:28, for this is my blood of the new testament or the new covenant, which is shed for No, wait a minute. I thought it's for everybody. Now, this is the man that's going to die. I reckon he would know who it's shed for. That's right. Did he say everybody? So, where do we get this? Where does this come from? It's been brought right into the message. And I'll tell you where it's come from. Denominational filth. This is the Lord Jesus. He has the cuba. Amen. And he said, "My blood is going to be shed for many for the remission of sin. But I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine until the day when I drink it new with you in my father's kingdom." Luke 22:20. Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood which is shed for." [Music] Well, it sounds like to me that Jesus was kind of directed to a certain group of people then. So he takes of the cup and drinks it. Takes the bread, eats it, breaks it, passes it down the line. Then takes the cup, drinks of the cup, blesses it. This is the cup of the New Testament. Drink it. Don't you see why we take communion? And Jesus said, "Now remember, once I drink this natural cup of the vine, I will not drink it again until the cuba has been completely consummated." Now watch. The cuba has two parts involving a shared cup of wine with one at the initiation of the agreement and the other one at the consummation. Praise God. Don't you see why we're going to have a marriage supper? We can't go to the millennium first. We have got to do the last cup. When we sat down across the table, friends, don't you understand? It's when it's finally consummated and the gentile bride gathers around his throne. And there we will sat at the table of God and drink of the fruit of the vine again. And he will look at his beloved elected bride and said, "Sweetheart, welcome home. Amen. Hallelujah. The first part happens at the initial acceptance of the agreement with the sharing of the first cup of wine. So when you and I truly, I ain't talking about church people now, I'm talking about bride people. when they truly enter in through that burst canal, they've come forth through the promised word of Malachi 4 and they've been born by the spoken word of God and they come out when they come out of the burst canal on the other side. Some of them will scream, some of them will holler, some of them will shout, some of them may speak in tongues, some of them may fall out, and some of them may not do nothing but boohoo and cry. But as long as they come through that spoken word birth, that's what matters anyhow. your emotion h that don't matter so much to God because if there's one special requirement that said all right every one of my kids will take their left hand and do this and take the right hand and do that and their head will do this and the right leg will do that and the left leg will do that if that's what God required here to put in his word come on somebody but there is no certain emotion there is no certain emotion or whatever it is that'll identify you've got the Holy Ghost it is your life submitted to the word and if you're submitted to the word then when God allows those trials to come your way, you will accept them just like you accept the blessings. Now watch then the union is sealed with the cup of acceptance. So whenever we then share the communion, every time we do it, that's how we're being reminded. Oh Jesus, you you accepted. You took my cup and I'm sharing your cup and we're sharing the same cup. How can we be drinking from the same cup and everybody hated him and we want everybody to love us? That's right. We want our way to be so easy and no difficult and all blessings and That's right. Do you understand Jesus was homeless? Homeless. He would have looked about like some of these people standing on the side of the road, homeless, not knowing where his next meal would come from. On the cattle of a thousand hills, but didn't have one when he was sure he could eat. Oh, we want everything to come our way. Little bit of trials and God tests us a little bit. That ain't the wife of God. If you're drinking from the cup, you're going to drink bitterness and all you'll cry and yeah, you'll belly ache a little bit every now and then. But he knew you would. He knew you would. He knew you'd get under the load, brother Daryl. He knew you'd get under the load, brothers and sisters. He knew how it feel. He knew exactly how it feels to become discouraged and say, "Is there any way I can avoid this? Is there any way I'm glad he felt that way? It was in the covenant. Oh my, there's probably not a preacher in the building. probably not a deacon in the building or anyone in a position in the church that say, "Well, I wish it never my job in the first place." And I'll raise my hand and say, "I'm the same way. I wish I wasn't a pastor, you folks. I don't like being a preacher. I don't like being a pastor. I don't like being a target practice for people to shoot at. I don't like being threatened for my life to be killed. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it." But you know what I do? Keep on drinking. Thank you, Lord. Now you can clap for me. When I drink, do you clap when you drink, too? Oh my. Hallelujah. You see, this is symbolism, of course, of the first cup of the cuba. Every time we take to communion, we're reminding ourselves. We're reminding him, we're reminding our friends, I'm joined to the Lord Jesus. And I drink this cup of new and I take that little tiny piece of bread, my identification. Oh, hallelujah. You imagine? So notice whenever he would issue this, the wedding cup will be given to us at the marriage supper of the lamb. The wedding cup. Now we're going through these dark places and trials. And what is it? The cup of acceptance. Can you accept it that people's going to hate you? Can you accept it? This is not the broad way. It leads to destruction. But straight is the gate. Narrow is the way and few there be that'll find it. 1 Corinthians 11:25. Notice Paul again said, "After the same manner also he took the cup when he had suffered." So he didn't take the cup of bitterness and suffering and hardships and s now guys now y'all surely surely y'all don't think that I no man I I I can't do that but here y'all y'all share it. So what'd he do? He's a real leader. He's a real leader. You see, this is why leaders, God, all leaders, sometimes will be the most tried Christians you've ever known. Because God will not only help them lead by memory of the scriptures and the message in their head and not only lead by healing the sick and all that, that's wonderful. That's great. That signs following their ministry, but God will let them be tried and tested and sent them through all kinds of hard things because they actually in turn will lead. And then you can follow them say, "Oh my goodness, look at that man." He shook to his very core. Listen to a sermon called God Call Man in 1958. And you hear the prophet said that God is going to bring a great revival. And he said before he does, God must have men that he can lead by. He must have men. Oh, and he lays out the protocol. Remember, Brother Daryl? And he talks about those men. And he said they'll be led to the backside of the desert and they'll feel like God's forsaken. Why? God wants them to take up the cup. We're not modern leota sense that we're TV guys and radio guys. Oh my. Come on, somebody. Let's have church tonight. We want to be people of the cross. We want to be people that can pick up our cross and say, "Lord, help me to bear it for your name." Amen. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Now once once the covenant contract has now been agreed, now the mystery of the contents is revealed to the bride because the bride is hearing from the friend of the bridegroom, in this case Eleazar, and the groom and his father have met together and decided what she's worth, where they will live, how big a place they're going to live in, and the groom starts building it. After Hallelujah, after they are engaged, the groom starts working on their new home. Praise be to God. Now, one of the things that he does is called the preparation of the hoopah. The preparation of the hoopa. You've heard me say it before that they'd take a tree when a boy was born, take another tree when a girl was born, and then whenever they would come to the marriageable age, and they would get married, and then they would after the the betroal, they would come in and they would take that tree, cut it down to two poles, another two poles, and they'd stretch skins over the top of it. And there under the hoopa, they would take the last cup, and they would say their vows. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. the acceptance of the cup under the hoopa. Now, while they are betroved, the groom is not just sitting around twiddling his thumbs. The bride is not just sitting around twiddling her thumb doing something. The groom has a very busy schedule. He's gone to prepare a place for the future bride. So the groom, I want you to notice Satan and his demons have been allowed before the throne of God even after their fall. Satan has walked into the court of the most high God. As a matter of fact, he's been there today accusing us. But Jesus is working on a place that one devil's track ain't never been on it. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. He can walk before that throne because the mediatorial seat is still occupied. But when the mediatorial seat is vacated and it changes from lamb to lion, then he knows his time accusing you is over. So why hang around? His mouth has been shut. Praise be to God. Do you understand? When you were born and your name was put in in the book of life, not the lamb's book of life, but in the book of life. And it might have been years before one thing was ever pinned down against you. And so you was a year old, you was 18 months old, then 24 months, and then maybe 30 months, and who knows exactly when it was, sure, you was born in sin, but as far as your own personal sins that you started doing. Was it when you was three, four, you told your first lie? You you stole a piece of candy, or you done something, and for years there was nothing on the pages of the book of life under your name. That's where your first name was identified. And for years those pages were totally empty. Why? You were in the age of innocence. Do you understand? That was the first dispensation in the Garden of Eden. That's what the prophet tells us in Satan's Eden. The first dispensation was innocence. Do you understand what happens to you when your name gets transferred from the book of life over to the Lamb's book of life? Permanent innocence. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Boy, if I was preaching that tonight in a Baptist church, they'd be up shouting, wouldn't I? Do you understand what it does to you? It puts your soul back into that state of the dispensation of innocence. Blessed is the man to whom God will not impute sin to. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why the Koba and you've got the token? And he said, I swore I would love you for better for us. So let's go this way. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here on the side of God and in the face of this company to join together this man and this woman in the holy state of matrimony which is commanded of us by St. Paul that it should not be entered into lightly but discreetly, soberly, reverently and in the fear of God. These two persons present have come together to witness the same before you believing you have considered this solemn obligation. I will present to you the marriage covenant. Jesus will you take this flawed woman imperfect. Amen. needs help every day. And I'm telling you, they're going to be something. They're going to disappoint you. But do you take her to be your lawful wedded wife? Will you live together in God's holy ordinance in the state of matrimony? Do you promise to love her, to sanctify her, to fill her with the Holy Ghost, to give her the token of her identification? And even when she gets down and say, "Lord, don't you remember my name? Don't you remember my address? Lord, have you forgot where I live?" And it will pierce your heart. Do you promise to love her? I do. Will you take this man, the Alpha, the Omega, the beginning, the end, the Adonai, the Yahweh, Jehovah Gyra, Jehovah Shalom, Jehovah Titskanu, the first, the last, the Alpha, the Omega. Amen. The most despised, hated, and rejected man that ever lived on the earth. And in turn, I will tell you, you will be hated. You will be cast out. You'll be be rejected sometimes by your closest friends and sometimes even by family members. They will call you holy ruler. They will say you belong to a cult. They'll say all kinds of this and that and the other. And there will be times that he will try you. And there will be times that you will pray and it will seem as if though he's 10 million miles away. But do you promise to love him? Amen. Answer me. Give me your answer. What do you want me to say to him? Hallelujah. I will require a token. Except in this case, you can't give him one back. So this is only a single ring ceremony. So the Lord Jesus lays the ring on my book in the form not of a rectangle or a pyramid. Pyramid has its place but not on your finger. The pyramid fits in your soul. And he lays his ring. or Jesus, what you want me to say to her about it? Tell her it's a wedding band of predestinated unmmerited grace. Now tell her in reality that I slipped this on her finger before the foundation of the world, before there's ever any stardust or any sin or any devils or anything else. And now she's only acting out what was in my mind millions and billions of years ago. Lord Jesus, say these words after me. With this ring, with this ring, I be wed. I be wed. And of course, we'll say in your name, sir. In my name. Hallelujah. For as much as Jesus Christ, the perfect sinless one, has agreed in this great marriage of condenses and humility to marry mere mortals. As a minister of the gospel, called before the foundation of the world to preach part of this Malachi 4 union message in the last days, I pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss your bride. You believe he already has by his grace. Oh yeah. He wounds your heart. Now comes the difficult part. Oh, if marriage was only like the honeymoon. If Christianity was only like the honeymoon of the first three or four days or you know, however long it is. Oh my, this is so wonderful. We're going to Greece and we're going over to Capidoshia or we're going to Gatlinburg, whichever it is you can afford. And we're going boy man alive. We're going to Dollywood and we're going to eat that cotton candy. You better watch her buddy. She'll grow in size. I'm telling you, oh man, wa this is so wonderful. Oh, I I've I've wanted to be with you. I've longed to be with them and all, but you know how it can be. And you know, you get up in the morning, you didn't realize. I mean, you hadn't never stayed in the same room with him before. Man, he took his shoes off and left them laying there beside the bed and you got up to go to the bathroom. You fell and broke your neck. And then she done this. She got toothpaste all over the mirror. I can't believe she's so nasty. I thought she'd be clean. I mean, I just didn't know it was going to be this way. But the Lord Jesus knew all of your faults. He knew all of your shortcomings and he said, "I love you anyway because this is only temporary. Your faults are only temporary. Your shortcomings are only temporary. I loved you before you had faults. I love you till you get past faults. You are my heart." Hallelujah. So, while the bridegroom starts building a house, and I really thought this was amazing whenever I found this, that the bridegroom would usually build their new home on family property. Ain't it just like Jesus? He won't set down that new city on the millennium because at the end of the millennium, the devil will raise back up again and be able to try to assert his authority again. So Jesus will never set our hoopa on this earth in the millennium. But he waits until the breaking of the eighth day, which is eternity. You see, what you're wearing on your finger is the same city. It's an antitype of the city where you going back into eternity. And it will be as if though all your faults, all your shortcomings. Now, I know we're all angels here tonight and we're all just saints of God and we all just love one another so much and everything, but I have been around few message people that, you know, they couldn't get along. I know it's not that well here. Um, you know that they can't get along and they don't like this about that person and this about that person. I can't stand to be around them. I'll tell you why in the world do they do that? It just bothers me the way they do. Well, I'll tell you, there'll never be none of that there. You know, because their oddity and your oddity, too, that makes us kind of clash. There'll never be one day, can you imagine? There'll never be 30 seconds of anyone losing their temper in paradise. There'll never be anybody raising their voice or anybody being in a bad humor. Bad humors are not allowed down streets of gold. There'll never be nobody, oh, praise the Lord. Nobody will come in the new city with their lip all rolled out and pouting because the pastor didn't preach what they wanted to preach or he preached something they didn't like. I wish somebody would preach to me tonight. There won't be none of it there because not only will we be new, we will be changed. We will be changed. Our old human makeup that's caused us so many problems will be gone forever. Now notice, the home must be built to reflect the stature and the standing of the father of the groom because it would be his reputation. Because the son is going to be a continuation of the father. You know like the son will sit on the throne and the father will hang behind him that great light. So Jesus goes away and he starts work on our brattle chamber. Now there's no Lowe's in heaven and no Home Depot, no Menards or none of that sort of thing. Their building material is not the right quality. Any of you brothers that needs just to build a wall and you go to Lowe's and you're going to look for enough straight 2x4s to build one. God bless you. You do believe in miracles, but Jesus is creating it. Where's all that gold come from? He's creator. Now, apparently, it was very important for the bride in the last day to know how close we were to moving in. So, by the end of the prophet's life in the church age book, which is just completed before he goes away, he tells us the stage of the new home. And he tells us how far along it is. How many's ever built a new house before? Oh my goodness. You're just under such anticipation. Or maybe you bought one that's already built and you're remodeling going in. Oh, you're just so excited. You're just so excited. Well, what' they get done today, honey? Oh, nobody showed up. I'm sorry. Bunch of contractors. I'll tell you one thing. Bunch of liars. There'll be someone be in heaven. God will prove it just to show the devil he could get some of them there. It beats all I ever say. And they're go to church with us. I'll tell you one thing. I just don't understand it. just a metaphor. I'm not saying I'm just So what's he do? Speaks. And the prophet said the streets were already laid. The gates of pearl have already been hung. As of 1965, the gates were already there. And the angels were there waiting breathlessly. Breathlessly. You imagine they took a breath in 65. They're waiting for what? There might be a little child that'll come to this vacation Bible school this week. His mom and daddy might not even come to church. His mama may come in with tight britches on or her hair all cut off or whatever, but don't judge him too hard cuz there might be a little seat of God walking right in there behind mama. Amen. And his name is on that book. And Word of Life Church will have meetings and go on and brother Tim and brother Ron and you know all these other brothers around the world will preach and have meetings and brother Daryl, brother Andrew Glover, M will just go on until that little boy will get big enough and the spirit of God can deal with his heart and he'll be able to give his life to God. As a matter of fact, if you would have seen me and Harry when we was little bitty guys, you'd have probably thought they ain't no hope for him. Cuz we wasn't raised in church. For those of you who heard my wife's testimony when she gave it last year at the Bible school thing, you ought to have seen the faces of our youth when she shared it. She was 16 years old the first time she heard about Noah and Moses and building an ark. You see, that's why she still cries when she hears Amazing Grace song. It's why it still moves her heart. Oh, some of you was cut your teeth on a message pew and don't mean nothing to you. I say shame on you tonight. It ought to be just as real to you as it is to her. Oh my God owes us nothing. We owe him everything. So the father would encourage the son. Now son, I want you to build her a beautiful place. Now papa, can we afford it? He said, "What you talking about, boy? I own a cattle on a thousand heels. You need more heels, I'll make them. You need gold in them heels, I can take care of that, too. You need silver, you need purple, you need blue, I want you to make your sweetheart a city like it's never been on the face of the earth. Yeah. I want you to make it so big that I'll have to dry up the Mediterranean in order to set it on the navl of the earth, which is Israel. You see, our city will be so large. If you've ever been to Israel, you know the Mediterranean backs right up. The land mass backs right up to the Mediterranean. The Mediterranean will have to be gone. That's why John was so amazed when he looked and said, "I saw no sea." John was raised around the Mediterranean. He saw it his whole life. And he walks out there and he said, "What happened to the Mediterranean?" And Jesus said, "I need that property, John. Don't worry about it. I'm bringing my sweetheart down." And John said, "I, John, saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, descending from God out of heaven as a bride adorned for her husband." What did he see? He didn't see a little old pup tent put out there. He didn't see a cardboard with tacky buttons, but he saw gold. He saw silver. He saw chalsin. He saw the sardic. He saw the topaz, the barrel, the diamond. He saw all of that greatness. And what did it reflect? It reflected the wealth of our father. And our father said, "She is worth such a place to live in." I don't know about you tonight, I need help cuz I still look at me as being worthless. St. John 14:2 and we'll close. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself. Oh my Lord, I will receive you unto myself that where I am, I don't mind telling you where the I am is. I want to be I am too. Where I am, there you may be also. I love the way the friend of the bridegroom was able to express it in this age in the future home. He said, notice that Jesus said in St. John 14, go and prepare a place. Oh, what will it look like? Did you ever think now bride what it will look like? It's prepared and designed by the divine architect. What will that city look like? We're going to talk about it for a few minutes. The divine architect has prepared it, designed it. And look, he has designed it with tender hands for his beloved bride. What's it going to look like? Can you imagine a man marrying a wife that's able? How he builds and puts every little thing just exactly to her touch. Just he says it like this, just what she would like. Amen. Now the divine architect has designed the new city where he will live with his bride just to her touch. No wonder the apostle said eyes not seen, ears not heard, nor is it entered into the heart of man. Let's see if we can probe into it just a moment to see what it's going to look like. The divine architect has designed this for his beloved. See what a place it must be when divine nature, a divine architect has designed it for a divine attribute that's been divinely predestinated by a divine God. I'll tell you, this all sounds very divine to me. Glory. Divine nature, divine architect, divine attribute, divine God, divinely predestinated. Who is the author of divine life? What will that city look like? Think of it. Remember, it's not going to be heaven. Several years ago, I had some visitors on our front door when we lived at 3521 Chelsea Lane. I could tell by looking at them, they were witnesses for Jehovah. So, they knocked on my door. Would you have time to talk a little bit? I said, "Sure, come on in. Do you read the Bible very much? I said some make a long story very short. They wanted to bring their head bishop back the next time. Yeah. Well, the next time I was ready for them, even more so than the first time, cuz I had little clips of the message of Malachi 4 of a prophet of God calling people out, telling them their name, their address, what the doctor looked like, what they had with this and that and the other. I didn't just play that for Jehovah Witness. I also played it from some Mormon elders. I said, "You boys follow a prophet, don't you?" "Oh, yes, sir. We believe in a prophet. I do too. I went up and got the Book of Mormon. So I brought down the Book of Mormon. I said, "According to this guy right here, you all believe prophets, do you?" "Yes, sir." I said, "I do, too. I follow one." "Oh, yeah. We believe in prophets. We have prophets." I said, "Can your prophets do this?" And I pressed play. Hallelujah. Well, of course, you know, they had to report me to the big guy and they said, "Stay away from him. We've heard of them. They're in a cult. Can you imagine Mormons calling me a cult? And the Jehovah Witness, I throw the line out said, "Do you believe that we're going to live in heaven for eternity?" I said, "No, sir. I sure don't." "You don't?" "No." I said, "I don't believe that. The Bible don't teach we're going to live in Oh, oh, oh, my everybody in this community believes that." I said, "I ain't everybody in this community." Hallelujah. Oh, you mean you believe we'll live on the earth? I said, 'Absolutely, with all my heart. Oh, we got something we can talk about. Well, that was only Hook. You know, Hook. Oh, aren't you glad God didn't just call you for heaven? God's called you for a work down here. Look, friends, what we're going through, drink your cup. I know we need joy to do it. Sometimes I'm like you. I complain. I think, God, I wish this wasn't my route. I wish I didn't have to go through this, that, and another. And then I get another taste of that cup and I say, "Who in the world am I anyway? I was born lost without God. He owes me nothing. My goodness, if he never hears another prayer, I ain't got no right to complain about anything. Let's stand." Glory. Oh, hallelujah. What will it be like when we'll be next door neighbors and the fountain will come down from up on top out from under the throne. And there will be terraces. They'll come out so far and then drop. Come out and drop. And the water will come in on your place, your property that he's built for you. And your trees and your plants. They'll never die. I sat out some at the house the other day and I was watering some of them and looked at them. I thought, my goodness, what in the world happened to them? Two or three of them just about dead. But I'll never look at any of those flowers. I never think that cuz it'll never die. And the water will come down off of my terrace down to yours and on down on down on down and circulate and come right back up again. And father God whom no man has ever seen or ever will will be that bright shining light that will hover over the son and the son's wife. And you will be privileged by his grace to live in this city for eternity. And those who are in the book of life who made him their choice, not being bride, they will be allowed to come in from new moon and Sabbath. You see, they'll be under more of a routine and timelines and guidelines and all that out there cuz the city has no need of the sun. John didn't say that about the earth. Yeah. Don't you see it wouldn't be fitting for foolish virgins to live outside the mountain of God now and live in the mountain of God once they go there? That's right. Don't you understand? This is why I'm trying to preach you and every other God called man in this word trying to preach the people into the mountain of God. If we can get you there, it is your eternal residence. Amen. In heaven, you'll only live what you reflected here. So those people who live outside, they think they have the Holy Spirit cuz the pastors told them they did. They got it when they believed. So they're in and out. In and out. In and out. But once you come in, you don't have no more in and out. In and out. Once you got it, it's yours forever. Amen. The Holy Ghost in your soul tonight is your part of the Godhead for eternity. It blows people's minds, but the word Elohim is plural. Plural. Not that there's many gods, but many attributes in the Godhead. Amen. I'm looking at some of them tonight. You see, when God divided Abraham's name and put an H in the middle of it, he gave him part of his name and he said, "I'm big Elohim and you're little Elohim." [Laughter] Hallelujah. Is it not written, I said, in your own word, ye are gods. What was Adam in the Garden of Eden? A God. And that's what we're going back to. Amen. Don't you love him? Think of it, friends. God has sent a messenger with a message. Rebecca is in the land all around the world. Different nationalities, different colors, different races, and he's calling her. That's the evening message. Soon and very soon, she'll turn and get on the camel train and start back to Isaac. And when she does, all hell will break loose on this earth. I hope and pray to God if any of my family is not bride. I hope and pray to God if any of our church family does not go in the rapture. I hope the bomb takes you out. That's right. Cuz you cannot imagine how it's going to be to live on this earth in the tribulation period. You say that's cruel. Oh, no. It's grace actually. Yes. I I hate the thoughts of anyone having to live under the dominion of Satan himself. If he can do what he's does right now and he's held back by us being here, you wait till we're gone. This world has never seen anything like what's fixing to happen. Because not only will Satan take over, but God in his wrath and judgment will meet Satan's power on the earth. Elijah and Moses. Revelation 11 will be here. All hell will break loose. And while it's take breaking loose down here, we'll be up there in the hoopah sitting at the marriage supper, the marriage of the lamb. That's when the prophet said, "We'll reach across the table, brother Daryl, and we'll take one another by the hand. Maybe the last time we ever shed a tear." And the great king walks out on his great garments and he takes his robe and says, "Don't cry no more. It's all over. You made it, sweetheart. Enjoy." Now, you imagine when he sits at the head of the table and we take our cup and he raises his cup, maybe similar to this, and says, "My bride, you overcame darkness. You overcame hell. And greater than all that, you overcome yourself. Drink the cup of finalization, my bride, my overcoming wife. Praise be to God. Let's bow our heads. Maybe we can sing about the camel train again. Oh my. We're going we're going to offer prayer for for all of us here tonight. But maybe some of you are uncertain about the Holy Ghost. Some of you you're struggling with this or that or whatever is going on in your life. Some of you convinced you have it and and the evidence is there. Wonderful. Praise God. But you just want to fall in love with him more. I believe I've got the Holy Ghost tonight, but oh, I just want to love him more than I've ever loved him. So, whatever your need and your request is, would you just raise your hand to God? If you need the Holy Ghost, if you need assurance, if you feel you have the Holy Ghost, but you need a refilling of the Holy Ghost. Heavenly Father, oh, how I've been longing to bring this to them tonight. I believe we're in that hour, Lord. Oh Jesus, if there's anyone here tonight whose name is on that bride book, how beautiful the prophet portrays it because he says that our name and that lamb's book of life is our marriage certificate. Our marriage certificate. Oh Jesus. If there's any here tonight that don't have the Holy Ghost, maybe there's some that's struggling with different things in their life and some of them need leadership. What whatever they need, Lord, I pray you'd be mindful of them tonight. Father, I believe with all of my heart I have the Holy Ghost, but Lord, I need strength. I need wisdom to lead your people. Sometimes your people can be stubborn. They can be hard-headed. Sometimes, Lord, they have to be preached too hard. Sometimes I'll try to warn them and they go ahead and do whatever they're going to do anyway. Lord Jesus, I pray you would help every God call man. I'm in touch with preachers all over the world and hearing from him as I heard from a pastor yesterday and just in the sound of his words in the text sharing with me a few things in his church and I thought poor God. Oh Jesus, I pray for your men servants around the world. Strengthen them. Father, help them Lord that they don't become discouraged in welloing. Help the fathers, the mothers, the boys, the girls. Lord Jesus, I pray for our deacon brothers. I pray for the minister brothers here. Lord, I pray for the brothers who Lord sacrificed the service to be able to run the PA system and those in the upper part up there with the internet and all of that. Lord, I I pray for all of them. Jesus, help us, Lord. We don't want to come this far, Father, and fall short of your glory. Oh God, deal with every one of our hearts tonight, Lord. Our response to this evening message is saying a great deal about us. It's evident what people are saying about it where their destiny is leading them. For some who followed it for 40 years. Now they're calling your prophet a false prophet. a man who made up stories and those discernments was just made up between him and the people which is blaspheming against the Holy Ghost. Dear God, that's what they're saying. Why? Because it's harvest time. And in the harvest time, the brier must prove it's a brier. Lord, as I preached it years ago to these people, whenever you called the tears and I went and studied and done some great depths of research on it and found that word was darnell. And the word darnell, it was a plant that looked almost identical to the wheat in every stage. When it come up in the first two blades of justification, it looked just like the wheat. When it come up, on up, on up, just like the wheat right to the very end. And even when it produced its grain, it looked so much like the wheat that only the experienced farmer would be able to tell the difference. But if they was to pull the darnell and eat it, it's poison and it kills them. It brings death. Oh, God. It's evident some of the preachers down through time have sown darnell with this message and their own little personal revelations have killed themselves and many of their followers. Lord Jesus, I pray you would help me. Help the men of God on the field right now, Lord, that we keep Darnell out of the bride's table. Lord, that we don't mix Darnell with seed life of the word. Help us, Father. We want the genuine, the real. Oh, Father, we want the supernatural. We want the great move of the spirit of God. Oh, but Lord, we're going to judge it all by your word. Help us tonight, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Father. Bless your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, pass by this way tonight, Father. Hallelujah. Singing for us. Harry started. Don't you love him tonight, saints? I mean, he believes with all your heart when that rapture comes, you're going. Amen. By the grace of God. Let's sing this together a little bit before we go. Aren't you happy to be in the house of God? Have you drunk the cup of acceptance? Yes. Have you accepted him not only as your savior but as your head, your master and your lord? And if he wills that you go down difficult paths, that was in your cup. If he wills that you suffer, that was in your cup. Or will you throw the cup out and say, "No, I'm going to trade the cup in." No. If you're a bride, you'll say, "Well, Lord, this is what I signed up for. This is in the cup." God bless you. Let's sing together. Oh, get ready. The evening shadows fall. Oh, hallelujah. Don't you hear the Have you heard it? The alley is your call. [Music] away in the evening when the camel rain everybody let's sing it together now get ready shadows Have you heard the el? There's already been a wedding greater choice soon begin in the evening when the camel train comes in. Was a day in early springtime by an ancient wayside. Well, Ellie to rest the camel train. [Music] He found a bride for Isaac near the evening shadows small for his weary journey had not been in vain. and took the fair dressed in jewels rich and rare quickly to her waiting bride grew far away where Rebecca loved her Isaac and he loved Rebecca fair. Oh, it must have been a happy wedding day. Oh, get [Music] ready shadows fall. Don't you hear the ro? There's already been a wedding. Greater join in the evening when the camel train comes in. Oh, get ready. The shadows fall. Can't you hear the call? There's already been a way. Greater choice soon begin in the evening when the camel train comes in. Now our blessed holy father sent his prophet from above. He came down to earth to [Music] find for our Isaac our he has prepared his son. He wants you fair by his side. Everybody now we've left our campf gladly. We made the world goodbye. We've been called to be his pure and spotless bride. will soon behold our Jesus in that quest eternity. What a happy happy time that's everybody now. Oh, sing it with all your heart. Hallelujah. Oh, get ready. Deep shadows fall. to go. Praise the Lord. Well, there's already been a way. Greater [Music] joing when the camel train. [Music] Oh, get ready. Shadows fall. Don't you [Music] hear? There's already been a wedding. Greater joy will soon begin in the evening when the camel train comes in. Oh, get ready. The shadows fall. Don't [Music] you already noise will soon be indeed when the camel [Music] train. Oh, get ready. The shadows fall. Don't you hear the hillies are cold? There's already been a wedding and joy will soon begin in the evening when the camel train comes in. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But you say, "Brother Donnie, I ain't good enough." I know you ain't. And listen to the other part. I ain't either. Brother Random wasn't either. Paul wasn't either. John wasn't either. It ain't based on our wealth. It's based on how the father views us. The father must view us as be pretty well the price. I love the way the prophet deals with it when he says that they called a great meeting in the garden of Eden and the son the humanity and the father the spirit that was having a conference and the spirit said do you want to go you want to go through with this and he said is there any other way and he said there's no other way if you don't do this you'll be alone in paradise. And I can tell you, I've been alone in paradise and I didn't like it. You're the only one that can do it. But what will the price be, Father? The price will be you. You. It's not nails. It's not a whip. The price is you. Don't you understand what he wants back? You know what he wants back? You. Is that too much to ask? What did he give us? Himself. And what does he want back? Yes. Accept the fact friends we will be working on this one goal and achievement our entire walk with God to be able to give him our all. Maybe some will arrive at that stage at 25, maybe some at 44, maybe some at 74, some at 64, but we will all arrive to that place. And the Lord looks at him and says, "They're finished. They're finished. Go ahead and call them home." Now, what we're waiting for is the father to speak over to the humanity and say, "Go get your bride." Brother, sister, you talking about a day? Don't you love him tonight? Let's bow our heads together. Oh, hallelujah. Lord Jesus, how we worship you tonight. Father, thank you for your word for speaking to us, breaking it down, making it so simple that even a simpleton like myself could be able to understand it. As we go from this place, may we ponder over it, Lord. May we look in the bottom of our cup at the time when the dregs are at the bottom and it seems so difficult to bear. And when we know our God makes no mistakes, Lord, whatever you allow to be in the portion of my cup, not one trial will be too heavy for me to bear. Not one test for any of these sons and daughters of God. Therefore, give us the ability to completely trust you as you trusted the spirit which dwelt in you. Granted, Father, go with us now. We pray. Lord, we know several of our saints are all going on a trip together here at the end of the week and pray that you'd watch over them, Lord, and bless them. Different people out on vacations and things like that. Watch over them, Lord. Bring them back safely home to us. And Lord, may there not be a one of us missing on that day. I pray, Father. We long to be with you, Lord Jesus. Keep us safe. Keep us free until that hour comes. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. And the church said, "Amen." Let's pick it up a little bit, Harry, and let's sing together. Amen. Amen. And the church said, "A little pastor." Amen. Come on, let's sing it. Amen. [Music] Amen. Do you believe it? Are you married? Do you love him? Are you excited? Praise God. Well, the bride said, "Are you going?" Yes, I am. Amen. Amen. I want to serve you. I'm going to believe him. I'm going to give him all that I have. I turn my back on the devil. I ain't got no more time for him. I don't got married. [Music] Well, begin. My home is already there. Already prepared. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you saints for the fear of God. Oh, hallelujah. Come on, let's sing it now. like a bunch of God's children. Oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him? Are you going to serve him? Are you going to move on? Move up higher and higher and higher. Oh, I love you. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. [Music] God. Amen. Hey [Music] man, hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
