################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-05 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.177 - 722025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-05
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.177 - 7/2/2025
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-EfnWcPpC0
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he can bring me out. Show me the way. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Aren't you glad? You are washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Long time I travel down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. In sin I sang low. Then I heard about Jesus. [Music] What a wonderful Oh yes. Amen. I'm so glad I found out. Thank you, Lord. Bring me out. Praise the Lord. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm save by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out. Show me the way. Sing that force again. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Thank you, Lord. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad you're free tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of God on Wednesday night? Believe we're going to have a wonderful time right here tonight. Know you're looking forward to the service. Know we're going to hear some wonderful preaching. Going to hear some real good singing tonight. Got some good specials for you. So, it's your time to worship and we're going to take advantage of that time. Amen. Amen. Somebody say, "Thank you, Lord." Thank you, Lord. You know, looking at the world, the situation it's in, what the people's minds, where it's at, I'm so glad that we've been set free from all that. I'm so glad that we've we've got a savior that's brought us from where we were to where we are. And we're not done yet. We're still in the oven baking, but he's working on us, right? We get baked every service, don't we? And I app I appreciate it. Don't you look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. What a privilege it is. Have any visitors tonight. We want to welcome you to the service. Glad to have you. Trust you'll just receive a blessing from this service. And to all of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to welcome those folks to this service. Could we give all those folks a good hand tonight if you will? Praise the Lord. We want to look at some requests. I have an announcement we want to make for you tonight. There will be activities for the youth at 10:00 a.m. in the gym on Saturday, July the 5th. Brother Rob and brother Joe want you to be aware of that. That's on Saturday at 10:00 a.m. July the 5th. So remember that. Please continue to pray for Sister Barbara and Brother Bert Gravely. uh both of them need healing touches in their body and we just want to say that we appreciate them and we uh they say that your prayers are greatly appreciated. So may God bless the Graly family tonight. Uh sister Diana Ward sends in for brother Smith cut his finger on a saw pray for healing that no infection will come and the the decrease in pain. So we want to remember brother Smith Ward tonight in prayer that God would be with him. Sister Laura Linda Loris is not feeling well tonight. We want to remember her as we pray tonight. Brother Eddie Jablonsky wants us to remember his grandmother Pat. She fell and hurt her hurt herself on her way to the hospital. So we want to remember her tonight as we pray. Sister Carolyn Kenny wants to thank the Lord for his healing touch concerning her arthritis that she's been dealing with for over 35 years. By God's grace, she's been able to stop taking her medication for arthritis and is now only taking Tylenol and one pain pill a day. She wants to give God praise and thank him for his faithful promises. So, we thank the Lord for that tonight. Brother Phil Hornac sends turns on behalf of his wife Mary. Please pray for my son's wife Amy who has blood clots in her heart and arms. also for my granddaughter granddaughter in Oregon just had a a hernia surgery today. So we want to remember her as we pray those requests that the Lord would be mindful just commit all these things unto the Lord. All the unspoken prayer requests I know there's needs tonight in our group. Could we stand together? Let's sing that brother Harry if you will sing that second verse of that song. Sing it from your heart tonight. Thank God I'm free. Praise the Lord. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. Somebody say, "Thank God for freedom." Thank God. Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. [Music] Like a bird out of prison that has taken it. Amen. Like a blind man, God gave back his son. like a poor wretched beggar. Amen. That's found fortune and fame. Oh, we have. Yes, we have. I'm so glad I found out he could bring me out through his holy name. Oh, thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. By his wonderful grace. Oh, thank you, Lord. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out and show me the way. One more time. Thank God. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. We've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. Thank you, Lord. I'm so glad that I found out he would bring me out. Show me the way. Praise the Lord. Let me just give this this little testimony. Brother Jay Garvin, if you would come tonight, take us to the Lord in prayer. Uh talked to my brother-in-law just a little while ago. You know, we turned in a prayer request for his friend over in North Carolina. And uh Bernie had got a text from him today. He went from his death bed to sleeping in his own bed. He said, "He's never felt so good in many, many, many weeks." God's good. God's faithful. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "Praise the Oh, give him a real good hand clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord." Appreciate Brother Jay Garvin, don't we? Amen, buddy. God bless you, brother. All right. Dear heavenly father, we're very grateful that you've brought us out from our world of sin and brought us here to fellowship with believers of the same faith, Lord, and given us a place here on this earth to to be uh blessed by you, Lord. And we just thank you for giving us a place in Christ to dwell also. Lord, we have many prayer requests that have been brought forward before us, many sicknesses and other troubles in people's lives. We know you've done it before and you're working in each one of our lives. We each have uh testimonies that we can bring before each other, Lord, of what you've done for us. And so we know, Lord, from others that have had these testimonies in our own personal lives, Lord, that you will do these things again. And Lord, we just are thankful that you've made a way for us. We just ask that you'll do something special for each one of these people that have had faith to come before you and to make their needs known amongst your your body here on earth. Lord, touch them, we pray. ease their suffering and Lord, heal their bodies and help these troubles that are in their lives. We just pray you'll help each one, Lord. And we're very thankful for what you've done for us. And we just pray you'll be with us in this service. Come here and meet with us, Lord, and and worship with us. And we just ask that you'll you'll be pleased with what you find here tonight, Lord. We we humble ourselves before you. And we look to you, Lord, for something special that you'll deliver through the word. and that there'll be testimonies from from this service, Lord, and and healings and and from deliverances in our lives spiritually and physically, Lord. So, we just pray you'll continue to be with us and bless us tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother. Bless you. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you want to come at this time, we receive the evening offering. How many of you looking forward to our upcoming meeting? Amen. I believe the Lord is going to meet with us in a wonderful way. And well, tonight we're just expecting nothing less than a blessing and the presence of the Lord to be with us in this service tonight. So glad that like I said a minute ago, we to have you with us. Probably going to be a lot of visitors and different folks coming in from for the services. So we want to just want to welcome most of all the the unseen guests, but he's the most important one. That's the Lord Jesus. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." How many of you know there's no one like Jesus? How many of you know there's no one like Jesus? Give him one more good hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. No one greater than Jesus. Yeah. No one greater than Jesus. [Music] Sorry, I'm getting old. I can't remember. I was so bound up. My life was so tied up. No peace within. Amen. Chains could not hold me. Confused, so lonely. So shackle with sin [Music] who is that coming. Hallelujah. From the other side to see his eyes of compassion, they're piercing through me. Oh legion, you've had me bound so long. My morning and morning has broken has broken. I'll sing victory song. [Applause] Oh, there's no one gater than Jesus. No one greater. Oh, there's no one greater gater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one gater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. I'm hated, rejected. Thank you, Lord. By my neighbors, detested, no peace within. I was a talk of conversation for my multiple relation. Amen. [Music] So shadow sing [Music] hallelujah at noon day. Hallelujah. As the sun was hallelujah down I hid my face from embarrassment from my lost so proud. But there was Messiah. He was sitting on all the well my story of life. He began to tell you. I've forgiven you Samaritan. I will call you from out of your soul will flow in water. [Music] And there's no one there's no one gater than Jesus. No one gater. Oh, there's no one gater gater than Jesus. [Music] Oh, there's no one no one greater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, now there's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one greater than Jesus. Our sweet Jesus. [Music] Oh, give him a good hand clap of praise tonight as you're seated. Let's do that. He's an alltime God. Let's do a little bit of that course tonight as our singers get ready to sing. Brother Bobby, if you'd come to sing tonight, have the ushers already received the offering? You done took it? All right. What are you standing up back there for? sit down so I'll know what you've done took the offer. I just We love him guys, don't we? Sometimes they throw me off. I don't know what's going on back there. We sure love them though. Amen. Uh, brother Bobby, if you come and also brother Michael Hara and Brother Jesse and I don't know exactly how they got that group tonight put together, but they'll come and get ready to sing. Let's sing He's an ontime God. Yes, He is. You believe he is tonight? He's an on time god. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time god. Yes, he is. [Applause] Oh, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time god. Yes, he is. Well, he's an on time God. He Oh, he's an on time God. I know he Oh, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Give us a verse of that, brother Harry. Well, you can ask the children of Israel trapped at the Red Sea. Oh, yeah. Oh, by mean faith. Hallelujah. And his army, they had water all around them. Pharaoh on their tracks. Oh, from out of the way. My God stepped all the way. Just like that. I said he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Church, he's an ontime God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. He's an on time God. He's an on time God. Oh, yes. Yes, he is. Thank you, Lord. Oh, yes, he is. Hello. I'm so glad that he is. Give him a hand clap of praise tonight. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine. And oh what a foraste of glory divine heir of salvation purchase of God born of his spirit washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. [Music] Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my side. [Music] Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. [Music] Perfect submission. All is at rest. I and my Savior am happy and blessed, watching and waiting, looking above and filled with his goodness, lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. [Music] This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Praising my Savior all the day long. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] There's a peace set out in last darkness. Hope that's in the blood. There's future grace that's mine today that Jesus Christ has won. So I can face tomorrow. For tomorrow's in your hands. All I need you will provide. Just like you always have. I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. No matter what comes my way, I will overcome. I don't know what you're doing, but I know what you've done. I'm fighting a battle you already won. There's mercy in the waiting man for today. And when it's gone, I know you're not. You're my hope and stay. And when the sea is raging, your spirit is my help. He'll fix my eyes on Jesus Christ. I'll say that it is well. Oh, I know that it is well. I'm fighting a battle that you've already won. No matter what comes my way, I will overcome. I don't know what you're doing, but I know what you done. I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. I know how this story ends. We will be with you again. You're my savior, my defense. No more fear in life or death. I know how this story ends. is we will be with you again. You're my savior, mighty things. No more fear in life or death. I know how this story ends. [Music] I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. No matter what comes my way, I will. I don't know what you do, but I know what you done. I'm fighting a battle. You already won. I'm fighting a battle you've already won. [Music] [Applause] Amen. You enjoy those songs tonight. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand. pastor gets ready to come bring us the word of the Lord tonight. Let's just sing that little course together. Some call it heaven, I call it home. See if you can find that for us, brethren. [Music] Some call it heaven. [Music] Oh, but I call it home. Some call it dreaming. Oh, just let me dream on. Oh, some call it paradise somewhere beyond the sky. Oh, some call it heaven. Oh, but I call it home. One more time with all your heart. Oh, some call it heaven. Oh, but I call it home. Some call it dreaming. Just let me dream on. And some call it paradise. Oh, somewhere beyond the sky. Oh, some call it heaven. [Music] Yes, I call it home. Somewhere beyond the grave, there is a land where Jesus went to prepare by his own hand. and for the save by grace. [Music] Oh, there is a resting place and in a few more days I'll call in my call. [Music] I call it some call it dreaming. Oh then let me dream on and on and on. glory. Some call it paradise. [Music] And it's somewhere beyond the skies. Some call it heaven. Oh, but I call it home. That last line again. And some call it heaven. Aren't you glad you called it home? Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Well, that's what we're trying our best to be prepared for is for that great place. We believe he's gone to prepare for us. I can imagine as they sat there, Judas had got up and walked out. And Jesus begins to speak to the 11 in an intimate way that he had never spoken before. And he goes to tell them about leaving and departing and the comforter and so many things. and he can look at them and he can see they are tore to pieces. So he tells them these famous words, "Let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me, for in my father's house are many mansions. And if it were not so, I would have told you. I go away to prepare a place for you. And if I go away, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you may be also. Now, can you imagine if that would have been you sitting there and Jesus is telling you, I'm going to go away. And the prophet tells us he did not want to leave his brothers. He did not want to leave. He wanted to stay. But he said, "It's expedient for you that I go away because if I do not go away, the comforter shall not come." Oh, I'm so glad that he did. But we have the promise tonight, church. He's coming back. Amen. How many believes it? Are you living for his coming? Yes. Are you living for it? Do you love his appearing? That's the only ones that's going in the rapture. those who love his appearing. You see, it's not that you're just going to love that one-time event, but you love his appearing every time he appears. Amen. So, if he appears right here tonight, are you going to love that? A lot of us are picky though. You see, we like certain appearings better than others. Oh my. I just want to love his appearing no matter how he shows up. God bless you. Isn't it a privilege for us to be gathered together tonight? Let's read if you would Genesis chapter 24 verse 21. I know you already know it, but just as a reminder, our meeting will begin Friday night. Brother Matt Watkins will be opening up the services for us. Brother Daryl will be preaching on Saturday night. The service will begin at 6 o'clock. We'll be having prayer line for all the needs of the people. And then Sunday, Brother David Siler will be taking that. So, we want to just come expecting the Lord to move in a great way. Remember, a lot of these services are determined not by the preacher, but it's determined by you. So, what you come expecting and if you come with low expectation, you can pretty much figure you'll probably get low yield out of the service. But if we come under great anticipation, there ain't no telling what our God will do. So, that's the way we want to come. Now, let's read of something that means so much to us as as word believers in this last day since we believe that we've had another appearing of this um event right here in Genesis 24:21. And I remember the prophet was reading and praying and talking to the Lord one day and he said, 'Lord, if there's been anyone in the scripture that would have been like my ministry would be like or something that would speak to me, would you would you just show it to me? So he takes his Bible and his Bible falls open. Genesis 24, the model servant Eleazar, which was a gentile. Amen. A gentile sent to call a bride for Isaac. And the man wondering at her held his peace to wit whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels as the camels had done drinking, now remember approximately 60 trips up and down the spiral staircase to the well to get water. So he didn't tell her what she was going to get. He's judging her character to see is she the right type of bride for Isaac. I'm sure hopefully by now we understand the people that'll leave this world in a rapture must match the Lord Jesus. So there'll be no liars allowed. There'll be no hypocrites. There'll be no people allowed which when they have been proven to be wrong, done wrong, or acted wrong, none of them will go if they can't make their wrongs right. That includes preachers. Remember the prophet tells us the zeal of this hour is to repent. But I'm telling you, you take it for what it's worth. We're living in a time when message people are getting so hard-headed and so stubborn. You can show them by the scripture and by the message where they have done wrong, acted wrong, or said wrong, and they will not make it right. This is part of the dividing line between the foolish virgins and our ranks and those who make the bride. If you've got the Holy Ghost and the Holy Ghost always says amen to the word. You remember when brother Renham was talking about the gifts and he told brother Neville, he said we can't judge them now because they're babies. So it was babies when they up on the floor. Okay? And they couldn't be judged cuz they were babies. Now that's his words. That's not mine. they were babies. So then it come to a time to where that he said they got to be judged. Well, when they did that, then a bunch of the people pulled away and left. And then he goes to saying that some of the things that prophesied never did come to pass. And he said it wasn't even right to begin with. That's right. But he had to let it go to prove and manifest. So instead of them people receiving correction because they said the Lord says this and the Lord said that and the Lord said that and the Lord said that and it wasn't the Lord to begin with. So instead of them saying you know what I said something wrong, I said it wrong. Instead of being able to just admit it and apologize, they left. They left. Why? Lack of the Holy Ghost. Oh my. Hallelujah. Well, I guess we might as well dismissed. I've done kill the service, ain't it? This is part of the zeal, friends. And this includes preachers. Preachers. Now watch. He's testing her, checking her. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands and t of 10 shekels weight of gold. Now let's skip down to verse 26. Now when she responds then he responds. Notice after he initiates the message to her she allowed him to touch her on the hands. Now that's common place now, but it would not have been accepted then. He allowed her to touch her face, which would not have been allowed unless he was bringing an engagement proposal. So she allowed him to touch her hands and allowed him to touch her face. Then when she responds, look at his response. And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. Praise God. Let us bow our heads. What do you say? How many like to be remembered tonight as we pray? Father, we are taught by your prophet and I heard this statement years and years ago and it's always meant so much to me. something like this when he said, "One of the greatest privileges that a mortal has when they can bow their head, close their eyes and call on Father God." So tonight, Lord Jesus, we bow our heads to the dust of the earth. We close our eyes because we don't want to be distracted and we're not looking around to one another. And then we pray. It's in humility. And we know that the bowing of the head is humility. Josephus and some of the writers said that whenever Eleesar actually bowed his head, it was twofold. He was bowing his head to the new queen of Abraham's inheritance. And he prostrated himself on the ground. actually fell and buried his face in the dust of the earth and worshiped not Rebecca but Jehovah God. So, Father, we here tonight bow our heads, close our eyes, and we open our hearts to your word tonight, Lord. Would you take your great great word tonight and search us? Begin with me, Lord. Search me, Father. See if you see anything in me that displeases you, Lord. Do I have anything, any goals, any motives, any objectives, anything in my life, my spirit, my makeup, Lord, that's not like you. Reveal it to me tonight, Father, and I will make it right. If there's one person on the face of the earth that I have done wrong to that I need to make amends, show me this very hour and I will make it right before the breaking of another day. Lord, if there's anything about your word that you've showed me that I've not obeyed you, no matter how big or how small, show me I'll make it right. If I've been a stumbling block in any way to any of your children where I've preached around the world, if I've preached anything wrong doctrally or attitude, whatever, Lord, you show me. I'll make it right. I'll come right here. If I've done wrong, behave wrong in a man's church, I'll go to anywhere I need to go. Because father, one day life will leave this mortal body of mine and I want to stand before you. And I want to make sure everything is perfectly right. Would you take your word tonight, Lord, and speak to us? Give us an open heart that we can receive. And Lord, we mention to you as we already have been, Lord, with our meetings coming up this week. And Lord, I I know they probably get tired of hearing me say it, but I just can't thank you enough, Lord, that we've got a building now where we can have special meetings in. It just means so much to me as the pastor, and I know it does to the saints, Father, that we can have special meetings like we're going to have this week. And we're looking for a great time in your presence. Anoint us tonight, Father, and help us to receive. Grant it we pray in the name of Jesus. And Rebecca said, "Amen." God bless you, Rebecca. You may be seated. So Elear delivers several gifts. He's got the Mohar, which is the bride press. He has the matan, which is the gifts from the groom to the bride. And then he has just little uh can I call them Pentecostal gifts that'll be shared with the family of the bride and they'll be benefited by his visit to their vicinity and to their region where they live. They'll not be the bride because they're not part of the elect move of God, but they will be benefited by his visit. Now, keep that in mind because that's a great answer to the churches, many of them in this last day. The messenger of Genesis 24 was sent to many people as it were those that Laban would benefit by his visit, her mother would benefit. You notice her father is not even mentioned at all. So either he was incompetent by this state or he was unable to be uh in charge of the matters and Laban was doing all of that or he had already passed. the scripture doesn't really say. And then also there would be other young women that would go back with Rebecca on this camel train as well as Rebecca's nurse. So whenever Eleazar comes, he comes with a multiaceted load of gifts. So he must have had several camels. He had to bring food for several week journey coming and going and they would carry water and they would carry their tents by which they would sleep. And then he had these gifts that he wanted to bring and deposit each gift according to your category of whom you were. The matan was the personal gifts from the bridegroom to the bride. The mother could not get those gifts, nor could the not included in the bride price, the mahar, but those gifts were specifically marked for the bride. Now, there was some of them that they could all benefit by. I hope you understand that God by election he can send one man one messenger in an age and the denominations will be blessed by his visit. The foolish virgins can be blessed by his visit and the elect can be blessed by his visit. all of them in a different way and they can all bear testimony and say, "Well, you know, I I I was blessed. I got healed or I got this or I got that." But Rebecca got something that none of the rest of them got. Now, it was personal gifts, not required, but most of the time always rendered from the bridegroom himself to the bride. Now, this would seem somewhat a little bit unusual since Isaac did not know what type of woman he was going to marry. Now, those of you brothers that are married and you brothers that are just courting a girl and say her birthday is coming up or some special event and you'd like to get her a certain gift. And if you don't really know her that well or you're not sure as to what she would like, then you might ask her close friends. Look, I I want to get her something for her birthday. I want to get her something for this or that. Can you tell me what she liked? Or maybe she's got a brother. or you ask her mother or her father or her close friend at the church, oh yeah, she's been telling me she wants this certain music CD or she wants this or that or the other. She really likes this certain perfume. But here, when Isaac sends this special gift, which could have been made up of many different things. Part of it could be something old and it could be something new. It could be something made up of the heritage of the family. Now to the bride as an individual, she might not know exactly what it even means because she would look at it and she wouldn't know what it was. But you see that within itself required the messenger to explain to her. Now this is something specific from the bridegroom to you. This was a gift which had great value to him. It is something that his mother gave him. So it would require further explanation from the bridegroom. So the bride would be able to get a clear understanding. But that wasn't the type of gift that would have been given in the bride press. And you can pretty well figure by the time of Laban was Laban was the sentimental type. He was a dollar sign type. So he wouldn't really wanted anything that needed a lot of explanation for. He would have just rather had the chatter and the clang of coins or the crispy sound of bills, something that he could relate to because Laban understood the language of money and he understood it very well. But you see, Rebecca would have been a different type of person. So in Ezer's subliminal messages given to her believing that the angel of God had went before him and that he had prayed and asked father to bless his reward and to help him pick a bride for Isaac. that he believed that God would have a woman prepared that her own needs and desires and makeup would actually answer to the matan of the gifts that her husband had sent. So had she rejected these gifts, then he would have known she's not the bride type. If she would have refused to have served and brought water to the camels, he would have knew right off she's not the bride type. She would never match the type of a man he was. So if she wanted everything just brought out to her on a silver platter. She never had to pray. She never had to read. She never had to go to church. She never done anything at all. You know, but she just wanted Jesus to wait on her hand and foot. He would have known right there she was not one to be called to be the bride and the church said well now watch. So then he is going to also make up the gifts that will complement the type of nature that she is and it will also help her in her journey back home. Now remember in the gifts it's like the gifts could be a reflection of the personage of the bridegroom. So she would learn more about the bridegroom by watching and looking at the gifts that he sent to her and it would help her to understand him better. So she would look at them gifts and she'd be able to to read through the gifts also. I I can see what type of a man this Isaac is. Remember, she's going to marry a man that she's never met before. No, no pictures, no texts, no emails, you know, nothing like that at all. There was no nothing at all. Only the only thing she knew about him was the way this messenger had projected him. So, totally depending on how he projected him would also determine whether she would say yes or no. So how he represented him and I can tell you by the way a lot of modern preachers represent Jesus I would not want to marry him cuz the way they represent him he's a compromiser. You can live any way you want to live and do what you want to do and when everybody dies all wind up going to heaven anyhow. That ain't my Jesus. I said that ain't my Jesus. Heaven would be turned into hell in about 5 minutes after all them people got there. Come on, somebody. You see, this is one thing that made me so fall in love with the messenger and the message in the last day. I've told you before, but I'll share it with you again. I had already seen all kinds of miracles in Pentecost. I saw in my own ministry from a young boy preacher. I saw all kinds of supernatural. I saw cross eyes straightened out. I saw cancers heal. I saw people as I've told you before about the man in Harlem, Kentucky whenever I was there and he his sister come to church and the man had a few hours to live. Had cancer in the brain. It had eat his brain. He was out of his mind. He pumped through his skull and his head was soft like a marshmallow. His sister come in the prayer line took my handkerchief from the prayer line. went to the hospital two and a half miles away from where we had the tent put up. She put it on him and in the next morning that man walked out of the hospital with a brand new brain and a brand new skull, an absolute walking miracle. That was not when I was preaching the message. That when I was preaching the message of Pentecost, so it was not the signs and the wonders of the message that got my attention. I'd already seen them. I was visiting a tent service one night and a baby died in the service and I saw this preacher which become a personal friend of mine. I saw this preacher take this dead baby inside of his little camper which had had a school bus there and he made a camper out of it that he would stay in. I saw him go inside that camper and he took that dead form of that baby that stood out there and prayed for it and prayed for it and prayed for it. No movement, no breathing, no twitching, no nothing. He took that dead corpse inside of that school bus. And I watched him in there. And now we stood out there, of course, and prayed and prayed and prayed. Just kind of my first introduction to the man. And in about an hour or so later, I saw that man come out of that school bus with that baby squalling and kicking and crying. I saw its mama go shouting and screaming and dancing. I saw its daddy go running toward him. So, you see, I'd already seen the dead raised. I'd already seen people that had all kinds of issues healed. I was searching for something more than miracles. Now, let me just tell you, I believed in miracles when I was in Pentecost, and I have not stopped believing in them now. As a matter of fact, we still need them now. If we ever needed them in our entire lives, but it was not the miracles. I know for many people in the message, they never saw them. And I told Carol years ago, I said, "You mark it down. If there ever comes a Pentecostal move in this message, it will be unbelievable how many message people will trade out the teachings of the message and swallow down a Pentecostal move." It's happened, brothers and sisters. But it was not that that I was looking for. But when I started listening to tapes and I heard the way he addressed the Lord Jesus, brother D. I heard the way he talked to him and I heard the way he talked about him and I'd never heard a preacher out of all the ones I'd heard, I'd never heard a preacher talk about him the way he did. I never heard a preacher talk to him the way he did. And it just made me want to love the Lord Jesus the same way that I felt that man loved him. Anybody here know what I'm talking about. Some of you that had a Pentecostal background, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Because you saw the same things that I saw. And it was not more of the same or a repeat of Pentecost that I was looking for, but it was the sound of the messenger which would say something that would help me to understand more about the man that I was going to marry and become, oh hallelujah, the Lord of my life. Now remember, I'd been saved for many years and I had a baptism of the Holy Ghost in my spirit for years. I'd cast out devils. I'd healed the sick. I'd done all kinds of signs and wonders. And I'm going to tell you the honest truth. I could not have had the seal of the Holy Ghost in my soul because I preach things and believe things that was contrary to the word of God. How could I have been born by a new birth, a word verse of Malachi 4 when I never even heard Malachi 4 preached yet? Well, some of y'all might say say amen cuz some of y'all was the same shape. Some of y'all shouted and jumped and danced and run. Brother Mike Wall senior and I was talking weeks ago ago whenever I was up there with him and he was a drummer and his church and Pentecostal and he said he'd get to shouting and get to glorifying God and take off running. He'd go running one way and the drumsticks would go running another way. and was talking the same thing that it wasn't just the shouting and the running and the jumping and the miracles, but it was something about the message of the hour. Now, we believe in that in our church. And if you don't, I pray that God deals with your heart because where our God is, there is always a supernatural manifestation. Is that right? Now look, so that he is going to deliver all these gifts and they will vary according to the needs and the dispositions of the people. Can you imagine? The prophet said that he sent several hundred,000 over a million actually to the assemblies of God and the church of God. His converts, the Pentecostal churches exploded after the revival that God sent by that visitation of that one angel. All them people did not wind up believing the message. They're not supposed to. They're supposed to go to the group in the category. Let them stay there. They're better off to stay there than they are to try to come and follow this if they ain't called to do it. To be honest with you, some of that's been around and left and are better off if they'd never come around it in the first place. Well, come on, somebody. But thank God we're called to this. How many believes it with all your heart? Now watch. Then the Lord Jesus in giving us a matan. Now what's the matan going to do? The bride's gifts. Then she could look at them on her journey back and then she might need a little bit of explanation. So Eleazar, what is this one here? Well, this one here is very very special to him. It has something special because his mother's you know has passed away and and what was his mother's name? Oh yeah, Sarah. That that's right, Sarah. And then she was Sarah. Oh, okay. Explain to me that Sarah. Well, she was a Seriite. And and then she was barren all of her life. So here goes Eleazar. and he's preaching the message and Rebecca saying, "Oh my, I feel like I know him already. I feel like I know him. I I I just feel like by by hearing what you've got to say and the way that you're expounding and every day she'd hear more and more and more and just feeding on the personality of who he was." You know, I don't imagine Elusa saying, "I'm this and I'm that and I'm that. I prayed for this and I've done that and I've done that and I've done that." He wasn't there to get her for himself. He was there to talk about the one he was sent to represent. Now, I want you to notice in our Lord Jesus, as we looked at it last Wednesday night, and we went through the book of Romans, chapter 8, and we got up to around verse 23 in there are part I believe of the gifts of the matan to the bride of things in our journey. Some of them of course we know and much of the preaching that you and I have received in our journey it's not so much things that that you will need for you know eternity but it's things that you will need in time to help you along in your journey until time will be swallowed up in eternity. Now watch then in this is the very thing that God sent for us to feed on. Now let's read with me if you would. So, let's unravel a little bit of the bride's package tonight. Romans 8:23. This is part of our matan which will give us something to look forward to. Now, she's going to a land she never been before. Probably never been out of Haran her whole life and lived there, born and raised there. Probably thought she'd marry a local sheep herder or a local farmer. Never amount to nothing. Little did she know by what she had done had changed her entire destiny. Little did she know she would become a mother of millions. Well, let me just say it to you this way. You might ought to watch every little action cuz it could be you're being measured for a much bigger role. Now, had she known she was going to be the mother of millions, I wonder if it affected her, brother Daryl, would she acted different, done different? But you see what he wanted was a woman that was acting herself, her true self, her true self. Just without reward, without telling her exactly any of that stuff, just be what she was. And he could get a true image of who she was. Oh, let me tell you something. A lot of you folks, I hear people talking about it so much in the day we're living. Oh, these people are good people, and these are good people, and these are good people. Well, let me just tell you something. As a pastor, I know people in a way that most of you don't know them. As a matter of fact, when I send them the word or I have to talk to them sometime and see their reaction and read their replies, I realize they're not quite the people you thought they were. You see, it's not so much what I say about it. It's not so much what you say, but it's our reaction to God's word. And it would be amazing how many of these good people that you all work with if you would give them a little insight of what you believe about the serpent seed and about water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus and how we believe the bride is separate from the church and only the bride's going to heaven. You might find out some of them good little people. It's like an old cat when you take your hand and rub its hair the other way and it some of them good people. you would see them as they really are and they ain't so good after all. As a matter of fact, I like to quote what Jesus said. There is none good. No, not one. There ain't no good message people. There ain't no good Baptist people. If we don't have the blood of Jesus, we're all lost. We're all lost. There ain't no good people in heaven. There's saved people in heaven. Oh my. Notice the matan by which the bridegroom. Oh, I I I thank God for the mystery of the body change and why God wanted to make it so much more real in this age than it's ever been. Our bodies will soon be completely redeemed. Romans 8:23. Not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to with the redemption of our body. Oh, if that ain't an encouragement to old people. And I read this whenever I was a young preacher. I read it when I was in my 30s. I read it and preaching when I was in my 40s, my 50s, and my early 60s. Now I'm in my late 60s. In the next week or so, I'll be turning 69 by the grace of God. Man, it means more to me now than it did when I was a 30 year old man when I come here years ago. And my hair was real dark and I didn't have all these Arizona caverns in my face. Look like the Grand Canyon walking around. Thanks to some of you all. And some of you were blackheaded. Well, some of you at least had hair then. And you wasn't gray and you wasn't all drooped over. What in the world has happened to us? What are we groaning for, friend? More money. We want bigger politics. We want a bigger this or a better that. We're groaning for a body change. And I can tell you right now, every Holy Ghost feels saint needs a new body. I don't care if you're 15 or 85, we've got to have a new body. And there must be something about our human makeup that will be changed as well. or in heaven would still have pouting people and would have people that wouldn't speak to one another. It ain't just your soul that's got to be changed, but you've got to have a body that will be changed. And the church said, "Oh, praise God." Notice, so we not only have this hope then of of a of of the redemption of our body, but we have this one singular word. We have hope. Amen. hope in a hopeless time. In a hopeless world, we have hope. Now, I know some of you don't like hope. I thank God for hope. I know she's faith's little weaker sister, but she is part of the family. And I'll tell you one thing, there's times that I don't have faith in some people, but when I don't have faith in them, I found that little sister Hope will be right there and help me. Well, praise the Lord. Maybe some of y'all felt the same way about me. Notice in Romans 8:24, "For we are saved by hope. But hope that is seen is not hope. For what a man seeth, why does he yet hope for?" And the Lord Jesus give us in part of our package of understanding of gift life gives us what? Hope. Hope. If we ever lose our hope, we're in a mess. Amen. That's right. Oh, I love this part here. The spirit helps. Amen. Our weakness by praying for us. according to the will of God. Any y'all ever get to a spot to where you don't know how to pray? You don't know the words to say. The word Paul uses there when he defines this is words that cannot be articulated. Words that cannot be spoken or said. Sometimes you groan, you moan, and other times you break into another language which is not your native tongue. Amen. Brother Donnie, don't don't tell me you still I do. Amen. You see that look guilty. Cuz there's times I don't know what to say. There's times I don't know how to pray. Yeah, but I get alone and I go to praying. And believe it or not, I ain't always on my knees when it hits me. As a matter of fact, I was over here the other day praying right out here in the parking lot. And I broke out into a heavenly language, just me and the Lord Jesus. I was praying for somebody sitting right here tonight that's in a very dangerous state. And I broke out into a language that I have heard before in a foreign nation. So I just stopped what I was doing and give God time cuz sometimes I don't know how to pray. I don't know what to say. This is in my gift package. Hallelujah. Amen. Notice verse 27. And he that searchth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the spirit because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God. According to the will of God. Hallelujah. But now notice in this package this is not for everyone. Will the foolish virgin receive the bride package? It's not for her. It don't have her name on it. She has her own gifts. Salvation, mercy, forgiveness, this, the other. But I'm talking about bride package. The matan. Hallelujah. Oh, here's one of our favorites. Romans 8:28. God causes all things to work together for good as we are loving him and called according to his purpose. How many believes it? I'll never forget one time years and years ago, Brother Charlie Cox, I'd called him and and uh we we you know, we lived about 65 miles apart or something like that and we was close years and years ago before I came here and I called, "Hey, brother Charlie, how you doing?" He said, 'Well, I'm on the bad side of Romans 8:28.' I said, 'Well, what do you mean?' He said, 'Well, this is going wrong and that's going wrong and that's going wrong.' And he said, I called it the bad side of Romans 8:28. But in reality, even when things happen to our life that we don't understand, you know it's a truth, is it? Y'all ever had things happen to you that you do not understand? And you might even in your mind say, "Lord, why? Why would this happen? Why would that happen?" in Romans 8:28 works then just like it works when you understand what's going on. Amen. This is part of who you are, bride of Christ. This is part of the package with your name on it. Hallelujah. For we know all things work together for good to them that love God. To them, not just them that love God. Don't stop there. to them that love God, that to them who are the called according to his purpose. You see, this verse has categorized for a certain category of people. What category is it? Those who make up the divine purpose of God. You were not saved because you chose him. You were saved because he chose you. Hallelujah. Oh, I wanted him. Oh, no you didn't. He wanted you and he gave you the desire to want him. After he wanted you, he gave you the desire and you're called for his purpose. Praise be to God. We have a glorious purpose. Listen to this. To be conformed to the image of his son. Verse 29. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate which means predetermine their destiny to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among how many many brethren. Praise be to God. This is in your package. These are your gifts. It ain't no wonder that God's prophet preached so much about election and predestination and calling. Why would he deal with that more than Paul and deal with it more than Luther and Wesley and Ox and Calvin and all of them. And look, even Calvinism and the way that they dealt with it, none of them could touch it the way God's prophet did in this day. It was part of your package. God wanted you to know that you, hallelujah, are part of a predestinated cause of God. It's you. It's me, it's people of God around the world. And there ain't enough devils in hell to stop it. There ain't enough devils in Tennessee to stop you from being what God wants you to be. He has fornown, predestined, called, justified, and already glorified us. This is what he wants you to feed on on your journey instead of the darkness and the sickness and the pain and the trouble. We get so caught up with so much negative stuff. My, it's absolutely awful that the devil gets us so sidetracked with so much trouble in our life and trouble in our family and trouble in the church and we've got all these promises right here in our treasure box and we just leave them in there. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. And whom he called them, he notice who's doing the calling. Notice who's doing the predestinating. And notice who's doing the justifying. It ain't me. It ain't you. I don't need the pastor's approval. I don't need the deacon board's approval to say if I'm elected or called. God's the one who called me. God's the one who called you. God's the one who chose you. Hallelujah. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them, he also called. And whom he called them, he also justified. And whom he justified. Them he also glorified. I'm just waiting for my body to catch up with the revelation of my soul. That's why we enter into the presence of God sometime, Brother Jim. And what are we what are we partaking of the shakana glory of God? That's why Paul could say he has already translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. Is that everybody that's a Christian? No. Is that everybody that says they're saved? No. They've not even been translated beyond sin that's into the kingdom of his dear son. Watch. Oh, I hope somebody's going to get with me now. Okay. God is for us. Unwrap this one. Take the ribbons off and take the paper and pull it back. God is for us. So, who possibly can stand against us? Romans 8:31. What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? Does anybody here believe that to be the word of God tonight? If God is on your side, young people, who can be against you? If God is on your side, middle age, old age, whatever we are, if God is on your side, who can be against you? Well, brother Donnie, the politicians of this and the other which are only creatures of time and they will pass away in a fleeting moment. And when there is no more Democrat party or Republican party, when there is no more United States of America, when there is no more cancer, when there is no more TV, when there is no more devil, you will still be in eternity shouting the praises of Almighty God. Why? Because he ordained you to be there. Who can stop you? Nobody. Who can keep you from going to heaven? Nobody. He did not spare his own son, but delivered him up for us. Verse 32. He that spared not his own son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him all so freely? Give us at least three things. Anybody believe this? Is this a promise to you, brother? Brother Harvey, Brother Dell, Sister Janet, what about it, brothers and sisters? Leah, is your name on this promise? Is this in your package of matan from your bridegroom? Then young sisters, you're praying about a boyfriend. He's already given you one. You just have to wait for him to show up. And just pray God moves on heart for him to move here and not take you away. Now that was just me of course that said that he has freely not begrudgingly but he has freely given us how much? All things also hallelujah to God. All things we have no charges brought against us. We have already been justified by the ultimate judge. Verse 33, who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justify us. I'll tell you friends, if it wasn't for that tonight, I'd be a pretty discouraged person. Oh my goodness. Anybody else here as well? I get so disappointed with people and you get disappointed with people and you get disappointed with me and we get disappointed with this and that and the other. But God's word will not fail. God's word will not fail. He will have a bride that will walk in harmony with this word. The question is, am I part of it? Are you part of it? I believe I am. I believe you are. But God's going to have somebody and they're not going to barely make it by the skin of their teeth. But who can lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Not saying they can sin and get by with it, but if they do wrong, they'll repent of it. They'll make it right. They'll get up and meet the dust off their clothes and say, "Devil, you knocked me down, but you ain't going to keep me down. I may have hallelujah. I may have got down, but I won't stay down. I'm not ordained to be down. I'm ordained to be up. Hallelujah. We cannot be condemned. All I can say tonight, it's a good thing this ain't the first Baptist church cuz they had all shouted. They wouldn't have no hair pins in their head cuz their hair ain't long enough to do it. But their makeup would be running all on their face and their red lips would be running all down on their chin. Oh my Lord, they'd been thinking, "Oh, glory to God. He believes in eternal security. I do for the right type of people. I do. I'll tell you one thing if it make a Baptist shout. What about us bride members of Christ? What about it, Rebecca? This is your matan. This is who you are. This is part of your inheritance. He wanted you to know this now. Now's when we need it. We cannot be condemned because Jesus died and was raised and intercedes for us. From verse 35 on, I'm not responsible for my actions. Amen. We will never be separated from the love of Christ. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, you answer me. Shall tribulation distress? Persecution, Glory to God. Famine, nakedness, peril, sword, hallelujah. Do you hear that? Hell, that's it. We cannot be separated. Even when we pray, when we cry and we pray and we beg God to do this and that and the other and it seemed tight that the heavens are silenced. Even silence does not separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus. Our pain, our sorrow, our disappointment to unanswered prayers that will not separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus. our broken hearts, our anxiety, our stress. Well, tribulation won't separate us and distress came too. Persecution, you're not big enough. Hallelujah. I'll put my foot right on top of you. And famine and heartache and distress too. Not a devil, not a devil in hell can ever pull you away from your king. The love of God which is in Christ Jesus, your flesh, your spirit, your mama, your daddy. Oh, I wish somebody come preach with me tonight. There ain't nothing in heaven. There ain't nothing in the earth. There ain't nothing in hell. There ain't nothing in time that can ever separate you from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. It is your gift. It ain't based upon your determination. It ain't based upon your zeal. It was given to you. You are undefeable. Nakedness will not separate us. Pale will not separate us. The sword will not separate us. We overwhelmingly conquer through him who loves us even when we're persecuted all day long. Verse 37. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors. Through him that loved us. Let me say to man's greatest fear, death can't even separate us. For I am persuaded, hallelujah, that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present. And he just went ahead and said it. Whatever is going to come, it don't really matter what is going to come. You imagine how much has come down the pipeline as we say since Paul wrote this 2,000 years ago. And Paul said, "I'll go ahead and blanket all of it from here to there. There ain't nothing now. There ain't nothing in the making. There ain't nothing next week. There ain't nothing next year that will ever be able to separate the bride from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus." That is your gift, my brother, sister. You are designed so you cannot be separated. [Applause] Death can't separate us. Life can't separate us. Angels can't separate us. Principalities can't separate us. Things present can't separate us. Things to come can't separate us. Powers can't separate us. height cannot separate us. Verse 39, nor heights, nor depths, nor any other creature. If there's anything left to Paul said that I don't know what's yet to come, I'll go ahead and cover it, too. You're covered plum right down to the rapture morning. There ain't nothing there. No internet, no television, no programs, this or that, or the other. Oh, a child of God may mess up and they may have cold times in their life, but just as sure as there's a God in heaven and there's a seed down in their soul. He will pull you back to himself. He's that great magnetic power and you are, oh, glory to God, you are magnetized to the pole of the almighty God and he will draw you right out of that cold state. He will draw you right out of that bitter state and that unforgiving spirit that you've got. He'll draw you right to himself. Yeah, cuz it's in you. It's in your seat. [Applause] Hallelujah. No created thing can separate us from the love of God. Oh, I love this little gift and the brides purpose and direction. Psalms 37:23, the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord. But if there's anybody good, it's got to be that they've come through the goodness of God. Cuz every one of us is born rotten and no good at all. That's right. Here's the good person I want to be. Friends, the steps of a good man are ordered. Oh, I love this word. To be firm, be stable, be established, to be set up, to be fixed. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord, and he delightth in his way. This is part of who you are, purpose and direction for your life. Verse 24, though he fall, you mean to tell me a man walking in steps ordered by the Lord in the line of duty and a man can make mistakes. Sure, he can. Sure, he can fall and make mistakes, but he ain't going to stay down there. Oh, hallelujah. He will rise right back up again. Why? There's an order to his steps. God never ordered him to fall, but God ordered him if you do fall, get up. Get up. So, there's an order. Oh, hallelujah to God. There's an order that when you make a mistake, you've not got an order to make the mistake, but you've got an order what to do when you do make the mistake. I write unto you that you sin not. But if you sin, we have an advocate with the father so you fall flat on your face. Get up. Get up. Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down. For the Lord upholdeth him with his hand. Yes, he does. I have been young and now I'm old. Yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. Psalms 119 105, none in you. Now this is a musical connotation there because Psalms of course are songs. Thy word is a lamp unto my feet. Purpose and direction. Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Proverbs 3:5, "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart, and lean not unto thine own understanding, and all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths." [Music] Jeremiah 29:11, "For I know the thoughts that I think towards you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end." He knows the thoughts that he thinks for you. That's why he had a theophony for you before the foundation of the world. You've got an expected end. And it looks like you in a word form. Everybody ain't got a theophony, but if you're brides, you do. You've got an expected end out there. Oh, glory to God. Oh, how we miss those that have gone from us. How we miss our friends and our loved ones. But they have arrived and they're there waiting for us. You believe it? Say, and if I live long enough, you live long enough. We're all going the same way. But by the grace of God, he said, "I know the thoughts that I think towards you and they are good, they are not evil." He don't think judgment for you. He don't think tribulation period for you. He thinks body change. He thinks rapture. He thinks hallelujah to God, a magnifying of the glory of God in your life. That's what he thinks. [Music] Proverbs 16:3, "Commit thy works unto the Lord, and thy thoughts shall be established." Wow. St. John 16:13, "How be it, when he, the Spirit of truth, has come, he will guide you unto all truths, for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come in your package is direction, plans, and direction for your journey. Ephesians 2:10, for we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. Can I cover another package here? Oh, I think you'll like this one. Oh, I see that little tag on it. What's that say? Oh boy, that sounds like a good package. Strength and weakness. Let's see what that little package holds, shall we? Be okay with you if I open it up for you? Psalms 18:32. It is God that girthth me with strength, and maketh my way perfect. He maketh my feet like hind's feet and setth me upon my high places. That's where I want to walk myself. Now, I can rejoice with you and you can rejoice with me, but I want my places. I don't want I don't want Brother Tim's places, Brother Ron's places, you know, Brother Daryl's places. No, no. I I I want my places. Whatever's got my name on it. You know, Caleb didn't stand there and say, "Now, I want Joshua's mountain, and I want so and so." But Caleb said, "Give me my mountain." God has got something with your name on it. Is that what you want? Now, yours might be a heel, and yours might just be a little bit of a something like that. It don't matter how big it is or how great it is, but the thing of it is, I just want what's mine. Amen. Verse 34, he teaches my hands to war so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms. Uhhuh. Strength in weakness. Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation, and thy right hand hath holdened me up, and thy gentleness hath made me great. What a peculiar way to make people great. So instead of using roughness and valance and stuff like that, God used gentleness. Only God can use gentleness to make great people. Huh? Notice I have pursued. Oh my. Let me let me read. Don't let me skip verse 36. Thou hast enlarged my steps under me. So in other words, I put my foot down in there and it was a size 10. But when I pull my foot out, it looked like a size 20. And I put another 10, a 20, a 10, a 20, a 10, and 20. He enlarged my steps. And the devil looked down there and said, "That boy ain't got feet that big." Whose feet is them? Whose feet is them feet? It's that one packing me. Amen. Don't look at yourself. Oh, glory to God. Lord, how I want to do this, I'm going to do that. No, it ain't how big you are. It ain't how great you are. It's how big the one packing you is. Your feet may not be but that big, but he can make them footsteps appear about that long. And the devil said, "Good Lord, there is a Bigfoot. There is a real Bigfoot. And who in the world's packing?" Donny's foot ain't that big. I've heard Donnie roar. He sounds like a booty cat. It ain't Donnie. Who is that roar? I'll tell you who it is. It's my great husband. Whenever he wants to scare the devil, he can roar like a mighty lion. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Thou hast enlarged [Music] my steps under me that my feet did not slip. I have pursued my enemies. Wow. So instead of them pursuing you, you turn around and chase them. Boy, you talking about a church. Woo. Glory to God. I have pursued mine enemies and overtaken them. Neither did I turn again till they were consumed. Brother, sister, you talking about a church of the living God marching in the last days. If we can lay our jealousy, our enmity, our strife, and this and that another aside and come into our position and go to feasting on the matan of what God has given us, a mighty army, a mighty army will leave this world in a rapture. There won't be millions times millions of them. But once again, the earth will hear from heaven with a bride's voice backed by the voice of the bridegroom with the bridegroom's steps, with the bridegroom's blood, with the bridegroom's manifestation in her. Hallelujah. Cuz she will be saying what the prophet said, and they will both be saying what the word said. And the final voice to the final age will be the bride of Christ. Psalm 46:1 to the chief musician for the sons of Kora, a song upon Alamos. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. How many can say amen to that? Amen. Therefore, we will not Oh, glory. We notice will not we fear though the earth be removed and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, but it still won't shake us. That's right. Amen. Now, you imagine this is people in the Old Testament that wasn't even born again. Wow. All I can say is it's a good thing that David lived in the Old Testament instead of living in the New. And if David would have lived in this last age under the under the call of Malachi 4. Poor guy, he'd have probably went from one church message to another to another and that probably just about throwed him out of every one of them that he went cuz he'd have been a singing and a shouting having his heart jumping up and down and running. Oh my. Can you imagine David sitting here tonight hearing these psalms read and preached from the New Testament anointing and David sitting here with a new verse and he said he hungered for God and loved God and wanted to be around God. And if David went around and around and danced in the Old Testament and didn't even have the Holy Ghost in his soul. Can you imagine when the brothers come up on the music here in a little bit and we go to sing a little bit of songs and right down that middle aisle would have come King David. I mean, he was just a dancing back and forth and had his chamber in his hand and all the rest of people and what would some of you goose message people done be looking around said, "What in the world is he doing?" If he had that much joy in the Old Testament, what would he have done in the New Testament? I tell you, there ought to be a people in this day that's got more joy than the world can give. We ought to have more joy than alcohol. We ought to have more joy than the people on drugs. We ought to have more happiness down in our soul because we've got something that will last and it won't give you a hangover. Now, you will feel wore out when it leaves you. I can tell you that. I'm starting to feel it right now. Hallelujah. Oh my. Listen to this. Isaiah 25:4 in a few more minutes. Amen. For thou hast been a strength to the poor, a strength to the needy and his distress, a refuge from the storm, a shadow from the heat. when the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall. But thou has been a shelter for me. Oh, lead me to the rock that is higher than high. Oh, lead me, somebody lead me. Oh, somebody lead me to that rock. It's higher than your anxieties. It's greater than your distress. Amen. Isaiah 41:10. Fear thou not, for I am with thee. Be not dismayed, for I am thy God. I will strengthen thee. Yay, I will help thee. Yay, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. bride, this is your gifts. Why don't you spend less time on Instagram, less time on Facebook, less time on a bunch of trash and nonsense, and go to reopening up your passages and your gifts. You might find your day is a lot happier, a lot smoother. whatsoever things are lovely and holy and pure, think on these things. 2 Corinthians 12:9, "And he said unto me, my grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Ephesians 6:10. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might, not yours. Amen. Not yours. You see, when you and I feel so weak, we can still be strong in the power of his might. Philippians 4:13, I can do all things through Christ which strengthenth me. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. Let's stand. Oh my goodness. It's no wonder to me when he finally makes it to the house and as it was the Middle Eastern custom to prepare a meal for the guest. So they prepared a meal at the full gospel businessman maybe. But Eleazar said, "I can't eat. I can't eat. This business is so pressing. I must make known to you my mission, my master Abraham. And he goes way back before time and he goes to tell him about the goodness of God to Abraham and Isaac given the history and the journey of faith and said he sent me here to find a bride for my master. Now will you let her go? And they said, "Sounds like it's of God to us. But tell you what, let her let her stay for at least 10 days." Now, the number 10 in the Hebrew language doesn't mean the same thing as it does to you and I. We just counted off, you know, it's 10. But 10 could mean months to them. It could be months. So what they wanted to do is delay her from joining in this cult that they thought if they could keep her home and just don't don't do it. We'll make him stay here. Just just stay here or we we'll send you over. We we'll take you later. He said, "Don't tell Amy. I must leave immediately. Now remember, while this talking is going on, Rebecca is not there. So they said, "We'll call the maid and ask her." No doubt very confident she'd stay with that trinitarian teaching she'd been taught all her life. She'd been raised a staunch church of Christ and they knew what she'd do. She's cut her teeth on a Church of Christ school or a Baptist church. So they come back and she just walked in there, you know, just just walked in there like she's heir of everything. She was just walked in there and said, "Uh, this guy's wanted to take you." I mean, he's like he's wanting to leave tomorrow. You're 16 years old. You don't even know this man. There's no way for us to check him out. He has no no identification. He's only got a a bunch of stories and we can't even prove them by newspapers. I mean, we've searched YouTube and we've searched Google and we searched the Courier Journal and we have no proof and no record that 16 men fell off of the bridge. So, he must be lying. We have no proof that some angel come up there to some cave somewhere. We only have his word for this and he's wanting you to leaveth him immediately. Will you go? She said, I will. You imagine, brother Jack, what they thought. No, no, no. That's not what you're supposed to say. What happened to that good church of Christ teaching? It went out the window. It went out the window. All the Baptist seats and all the Methodist seats and all the Pentecostal went out. Why? She heard a man with a message. And you know what that message done? Not the man. That message captured her soul for Isaac. [Music] Praise God. Don't you love him? Amen. Look friend, when you read this message and you hear the tapes and the things, if it does not make you love the Lord Jesus more and all it does is make you want to argue and debate about doctrine and theology and this that and the other, go back and listen to it again cuz you're missing what the prophet wanted it to do. That's right. Read the preface of the church age book and see exactly what his desire was to come and establish a relationship between God and man. Amen. He didn't want to make a denomination. He didn't want to make no cult. Some of the message people had made one. But that was not his intention at all. He wanted people to love God. He wanted people just hearing him talk about him. You imagine as he stood there and that Park View auditorium that night and it come back to him. So it's February 17th, 18th, something like that, 1965, and he has a flashback, brother Daryl, in his memory. He's heard now, they built a school, and they're allowing him to have it for these meetings. Seeds not air the show, marriage, and divorce. Those tremendous services are who is this Melzdc? And he starts it out talking about what he was sleeping on the front porch. It was the summertime and a burden come on his heart for his father. So he gets up off out of the porch and he walks out in the field. That little sagebrush grass there has a toothpick on the top part of it. And he said he looked up and facing west was the Lord Jesus. And he said I thought surely I'm not looking at my Lord. He was looking intently. Well, he said he thought I'll call his name. So he stepped around and he called his name. Lord Jesus. And he said he turned and looked at me with such an expression that he could speak and the world would come to an end. And he didn't describe him as, you know, a handsome type of a person, but the qualities that were in the face. Oh, God. I long to see that face, friends. He said, that's all I remember. I come to the next morning, my pajama shirt wet with tears. So he had laid there and cried for the rest of the night. Hallelujah. From that day to this, he said, "I've never understood exactly what it was." But now here we are tonight standing in an auditorium that's dedicated for the service of Jesus Christ. Which is a peculiar thing to say it was a school. But it shows when the saints of God come in, they take over. [Laughter] It was a school. That's what it was for. But look at the sermons that was preached. You believe what you want to. I personally believe Melzdc himself showed up in those meetings. Let me go on a little farther. I'm expecting Melzdc himself to show up this weekend. Oh yeah. The Lord Jesus. How many's expecting our Lord to come? You got needs, you got desires, you got loved ones, whatever more. He's the same God. Remember that Eleaser delivered his message and went on and and Isaac took Rebecca into his mother's tent and he knew her and she became his wife and he was comforted from the death of his mother. What happened to Elizer? We don't know. His name was so important in Genesis 24. His name is not even mentioned only his office. God don't want us to make an idol out of a prophet or a pastor or a teacher. That's right. Don't you love him? Oh, hallelujah. I wish I was out there in that parking lot again by myself. cuz now I feel his presence. Oh Lord Jesus, we worship you, Lord God. Thank you for sending us a messenger. Lord, they didn't name a highway after him or a bridge after him or a college or school. He didn't come to introduce us to some type of cult movement that would make him the Messiah. But he come to say, "I'm not here telling you he's coming." But I'm here to tell you he's here. And when the prophet left, you didn't leave. You're still here. you're here tonight. Oh Jesus, we worship you, Lord. Forgive us for getting so caught up in life. Just busy with this and busy with that. Not taking time to open up our gifts from our husband. Going through all the little precious things, some old, some new. Some lost, some that's been found, some that were stolen away by the devil and been restored in the last day for the bride's identity. Oh, we worship you tonight, Jesus. Oh, I imagine Rebecca's little heart must have just exploded every hour as she listened to Eleaser, as he began to describe him. He could describe him because he had seen him, he knew him, he had met him, he had talked to him. This is why the prophet said, "No man should preach until he has personally met that pillar of fire." It ain't enough to go to college. It ain't enough to get a a computer and have the message infabase and go to study and put sermons together. He's got to meet the Lord Jesus himself on a one- on-one. That's the way he calls his true servants. And he imprints upon them this image that they are to introduce him. Not theirel, not magnify their gifts, their calling, their ministry, their church, their this, their there, their there, I, I, I I I, me, me, but they're to preach Jesus, manifest Jesus till it'll make his bride so hungry. Oh, glory to God. Help me Jesus to do that. We worship you Lord. We worship you, Father. Can we just close our eyes now? Just raise our hands together and let's just spend a few moments now before we go in the presence of our Isaac. Our Eleer has done such a wonderful job. Hallelujah. That when we hear him preach to us the future home, when we hear him preach to us proving his word, when we hear him preach to us these great tremendous sermons, we hear the voice of a Kentucky preacher, but we also hear the voice behind the voice. And that's the one that's calling us to that great invisible union. Oh, we worship you, Lord. Father, the sons of Kora are long gone. Masciel and none. And many of the harpists and the musicians of that day at North many of those men, they've lived their lives. But now we still have anointed men and women who sing and play and help us in worship. Lord Jesus, may they be anointed this night. I pray for a special anointing for the singers, for the musicians coming up this week. Lord God, from the first note of music, may the presence of God, help these musicians to constantly keep before them. They have the ability to drive away spirits. And Elisha was all out of sorts and in a bad temper, in a bad mood, and they called for an anointed musician. And he be the spirit of God came upon him. Lord God, may our musicians here at the church always be anointed with your presence. May our special singers not sing to impress or sing to outdo the other, but may they sing to bless your bride. Oh Jesus, we worship you tonight, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, we worship you tonight, Father. Sing something for us. Hey, let us just worship him. I'm not going to keep you. I know we got several meetings together, but you know, I I I just didn't want to cancel church tonight. I know sometimes people do in the weekend coming up, but I thought, no, no, I I think it'll be good for us to be together on Wednesday night. Boy, am I glad I didn't. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just worship him now together. If you need to go, you got a distance to drive or something like that. Sure, I understand that the Lord does do. But if you can, let's just stay for a few minutes and just worship him now in his presence. Oh, he's delivered to us a whole heart full of gifts tonight. May he anoint us to receive them. Thank you, Lord. I shall forever. My God, I bless your name. My love, my father, I worship you. [Music] Oh Lord God, we bless your name. We worship you tonight, Father Jesus. May we take these things into our soul, Lord. May they feed us. May they nurture us, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, just sing it to him now. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Just sing the verse now. Amazing grace. with all of our hearts. Let's just make love to him now. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. Oh, for it was free that all my cheek. I do not know just why he came to love me. So he looked me home [Music] on my fault and saw my need. Everybody I shall forever live or loving little Rebecca. You're on your journey riding on the camel train. It won't be long. It won't be long. You'll see the hills of glory come into view and you'll see our eyes again. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Lord God, how marvelous the grace come my [Music] soul? He look beyond all my hope and soul. Down from his glory. Down from his glory. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, you heard me preach it years and years ago. But little Rebecca going along and Eleer telling her one thing and another and another and maybe her telling Eliza in the journey, Elizer, tell me more. Tell me more. How many wants to hear more about him? Amen. You know what? I could start telling you more about me, but it wouldn't take but just a couple of minutes and I'd run out. And I know some of you think I could tell a lot about you, but probably at the most, maybe 12, 12 minutes. And most of you, you'd be run out, too. But think of it. We're talking about a being that is so magnificent and so great. In eternity, he will still be revealing himself. Wow. That's my God. Can we just sing another one here? Sing it for us here. Down. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. God, ever story. story. [Music] My God and my Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strange a man of sorrows, tears and I [Music] everybody do. Oh, how how we ought to love you. How I adore you. My breath, my sunshine. My all in all [Music] the great creator. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord God. Hallelujah. Let's just sing that chorus together again. We'll we'll let you go. Oh, hallelujah, everybody. Oh, how I love you. [Music] Just tell him I love you, Jesus. I love you. My great king. How I adore him. [Music] my breath. You're my sunshine. You're my all in [Music] the great creator. [Music] He became our savior. [Music] [Laughter] and all God [Music] dwells us in you. [Music] Our heavenly father, we want to thank you for this service tonight. Thank you for the opportunity we could be gathered together again. I know I've given them a lot to look at and it may be something they have to go back and listen to again or go back and reread the scriptures, but I so thank you for your word, what it means to us. Lord, ask that you go with us now, Lord, and bring us back Friday night if it be pleasing to you as we look for a great visitation of your presence Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. a great time of your word, a great time of singing and worship and fellowship and food and Lord meals and things afterwards and just a time to see some of our friends that we haven't seen in a while. Lord God, would you just watch over those traveling in and give them traveling mercy? Dear God, be with us this week. or believe in you for great healings in the prayer line, for miracles, for great things to happen to your people. Not to prove that our church is anything or to prove that any preacher is anything, but to prove it's in the package of the bride's love gifts, healing, deliverance. Go with us now. Father, watch over us. We pray in the name of Jesus. And the church said, "Amen. I will sing of the goodness of God." Amen. Turn and shake somebody's hand. Tell them it's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. Love you so much. Lord willing. See you Friday night. We'll sing it together as we as we go. Bishop Harry. I love you, Lord. Amen. For your mercy never fails, never fails me. In all my days, all my days I've been held in your in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness. Praise God. Oh yes. Thank you Lord. All my life you have been faithful. How many could say that? All my life you have been so [Music] every breath that I will make. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. [Music] You have led me through the fire [Music] in darkest night. You were close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have live in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am in, [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been. God bless you saints. join the fear of the Lord. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able of the goodness of God. [Music] Your goodness is running out. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Now I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. You're running after me. Your goodness is running out. It's running after me. When my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your good is running out. It's running out. after me. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Applause] [Music] All my life you have been made. [Music] [Applause] All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am [Music] sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faith. [Music] Oh my love, you have been so so every breath that I [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music]
