################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - United By Identity - Bro. Michael Rae - Michael Rae.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   United By Identity - Bro. Michael Rae
Speaker: Michael Rae
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hM5jx5yNFSg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] N. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] to depend upon his word. Let's sing about it now. Oh yes, through it all. is through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Yes. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. I've had many tears. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I've had questions for tomorrow. There have been times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave blessed. Praise the Lord. My trials only come. I want you to sing like you believe it this morning. Oh yes. Now through it all. Oh, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. days. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon the Lord. Amen. Give him a good hand clap of praise this morning if you love him. Praise the Lord. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of God today? Amen. And looking around, we've got about a million visitors here this morning. And we want to say we welcome each and every one of you here today. Isn't it good to see all of our visitors? Give them a nice hand this morning if you will. Praise the Lord. Amen. I might have exaggerated by 100 or two, but we are glad to have all of our visitors. God bless you. So glad you could be with us. And to our streamers uh locally and around the world, we want to say God bless those folks as well. Could we give those folks a good hand this morning if you will? Praise the Lord. Brother Harris, sing the second verse to that song. Through it all, we're going to be all right. We're not just going to be all right. We're going to make it. How many of you feel like God has made it for you? How many of you feel like you're more than a conqueror this morning? Not nothing you've done, but it's all because of what he's done. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Somebody say, "Hallelujah." Give him another good hand clap of praise this morning. I've been a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces. There have been times I felt so thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, but in my lonely hours. In our lonely hours. Precious lonely hour. Oh, thank you, Father. My Jesus. Glory. Oh, oh, sing it to us now, children. Oh, yes. Now, through it all. Oh, through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Yes. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Now, I want you to look at your neighbor, ever, who you're sitting beside of this morning, tell them you're glad to see them at Happy Valley or Happy Valley Word of Life. Happy Valley Word of Life Church. Amen. God bless you. We're so glad to have all of our guests with us today. We're going to look at our prayer request this morning. Brother Samuel Browning is going to be coming in just a minute to lead us to the Lord in prayer. uh want to pray for brother Tom Butler's wife who has cancer. We just pray that God would be mindful of that situation today. We know that he he cares about his children, don't he? Brother Matt Willis want to remember his family in prayer today. There's sickness in that family. So, we're asking that the Lord would be mindful to the Matt Willis family. Uh, Sister Barbara Gravity says she uh fell yesterday and suffered a very bad bad bruise uh unable to walk very well today. So, we want to remember that prayer request today as we pray. Brother Dan Wright will be coming to visit on 52325 and he's asking for traveling mercies. He will be coming from Mount Morris, Illinois. So, we'll remember that prayer request this morning. Mary Chapman got bit by a spider. is going to the ER today because her hand is really swollen. So, they're asking that we would remember her. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is asking for prayer for a special situation. The Lord knows all about that. We remember brother Homer and Sister Ruby Blanken in prayer today. Sister Donna Susong is taking care of them. So, let's pray for that family that the Lord would be mindful. And Joe Carter uh needs a a lung transplant. Brother Max sends that in. just asking that God would be mindful of that situation today. And Sister Sandy Bagget says to please pray for my niece, uh, Brooke John. She is having complications in her pregnancy. So, they're asking that we would remember that prayer request today. All our local folks that are suffering from sickness, different things. We want to remember those folks as well. You have an unspoken prayer request you'd like for this group to pray about, could we stand together this morning? Let's sing that chorus one more time. through it all as brother Samuel comes to lead us to the Lord in prayer this morning. Oh yes, now through it all. Oh, through it all I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Yes, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Amen. Glad to have brother Browning with us today. Give him a nice hand as he comes to Amen. God bless you. Let's just take these requests before the Lord in prayer and all of the unspoken prayer request. How many believe he's able? Amen. And he's willing. Amen. Let's just let's just approach him. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a privilege it is that we can tr you truly call you that by a revelation in our heart that you are our father, Lord. And father to thank Lord that each one of these requests Lord that not only have been written that I would hold here in my hands but Lord the unspoken requests that are among us Lord that Father you're above every situation Lord dear God you're in control Father and Lord so we just Lord approach your throne as you've said that ask the father anything in my name and I'll do it. So Lord, on behalf of every one of these requests and the unspoken as well, Lord, we unite our faith together, Father, with a promise, Lord, in a finished work that by your stripes we are healed, Father, for each need now, Lord, we commit it, Lord, before the throne of God. And Lord Jesus, look with an expectation for the fulfillment of it, Father. Lord, we thank you for your mercies, Lord, for this beautiful day you've given us, Lord. We pray that Lord you'll just be with us in the further part of the service. Lord may your presence and anointing Lord just set up on us Lord that we might hear your voice Lord here this morning once again. We love you and we thank you father in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time we receive the morning tithe and offering you give us unto the Lord. Let's sing an old song this morning. I believe it's the desire of every one of us. We're getting homesick, aren't we? This old world don't hold much for us anymore. But we've got a better place to go to, don't we? Got some good specials for you today. Sister Isabelle and brother Josiah, they're going to be singing for us. So, we got a lot going on here today. Let's sing with all of our heart. Never been this homesick before. Is that your testimony this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Well, give him one more good hand clap of praise this [Music] morning. There's a light in the window. The table spread in splendor. Oh yes, someone standing by an open door. Thank you, Lord. I can see a crystal river. Lord, I must be near forever. Thank you, Lord. Cuz I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sing. I can see the family gathering. Hallelujah. Sweet faces look familiar. No one's old or nobody feeble or feeble anymore. Hallelujah. My lonesome heart is crying. I feel like I've spread my wings for flying. Cuz I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never in this home sing before. Yeah. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this whole single. This world is just a wildlife. Oh Lord, I've never in this home seek me before. [Music] Hallelujah. Will be done as our singers come to give us a song this morning. Sister Isabelle, if you'll come and brother Josiah, if you'll come to the platform and we'll enjoy your specials this morning. But let's sing a song this morning. A little chorus we sing quite often around here. It's already done. Do you believe the work is already done? I believe we're just waiting for a body change and we're looking forward to that, aren't we? Let's sing you with all of our heart this morning, if you will. It's already [Music] done. Yes, it's already done. All the battle is over. Victory won. It's already done. It's already done. Sing it to him, church. It's already done. Praise you, Lord. All the battle is over. Victory won. It's already done. It's already done. Yes, it's already done. Oh, our battle is over. Sweet victory one, it's already done. Give our singers a nice hand as you're seated today. [Music] It's not what I prayed for. It's not what I wanted. It's not something I understand. [Music] My circumstances, they seem so confusing. I'm placing it all in your [Music] hands. Your ways are higher than mine. I want mountains to move. You want me to climb, so I'm going to trust your work, your will, and your time. Cuz your ways are higher than mine. [Music] One day I'm sure I will look back and marvel at how you knew best all along. you see from heaven. You know it's the hard times that make my face steady and [Music] strong. Your ways are higher than mine. I want mountains to move. You want me to climb. So I'm going to trust your work, your will, and your time. Oh, your ways are so much higher than mine. [Music] Your ways are higher than mine. [Music] [Music] [Applause] God bless you this morning. [Music] God bless you. Amen. If you know the song, you can sing it with me this [Music] morning. Let the weak say I am strong. Oh, let the poor say, "I am rich." Let the blind say, "I can see." It's what the Lord has done in me. Oh, let the weak say I am strong. Oh, let the poor say, "I am rich." Oh, let the blind say, "I can see." It's what the Lord has done in me. and roana hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Oh, at the cross he shed his blood and there my sins were washed away from the heavens mercy streams. Oh, the sing yours love for me. And [Music] hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. And I will rise from Jordan deep into the saving arms of God. Oh, I will sing salvation song. Lord Jesus Christ has set me free. Oh, hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. And ro Jesus died and rose again. And hosana hosana to the lamb that was slain and hosana. Jesus died and rose again. [Music] [Applause] Let's just sing this before brother Donnie comes. Uh, you're such an awesome God, brothers. Hey Help me sing it. Let's worship him together. You called the sun to rise. You lay it down to rest. You hold this heart of mine. You hold my every breath. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You [Music] are seated in mestying in holyness. The table is set for me. You are the living bread. You're such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Good and awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful you are. And nothing comes close to the Lord mighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord Almighty. Nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. You're such an awesome God. So mighty. You're so holy. You're so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. So selfless. So generous. [Music] So faithful you are. You're such an awesome God. So mighty. You're so glory. So wonderful. Such an awesome God. So selfless. So selfless. Oh generous, so faithful. You are worship. We praise you, Father. You're such an awesome God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many can say amen to [Music] that? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank the Lord for his mercy to us all. We welcome you here today. We have several visitors that are here. Um came for the school graduation which turned out so beautiful yesterday. Want to say how much we appreciate all of the effort and all the work, the students, the parents, the teachers, the faculty and all that that did it. It's imparted a wonderful thing in the lives of these children. We're grateful we would be able to have it here in the mountains of Tennessee to be able to bring all these Yankees and Southerners and Canadians and all together. As I sat yesterday and I heard the different teachers as they was describing their students and this one got a award for that and another one got an award for that. In my mind, every time I go to a graduation, I think what it'll be one day when we all walk before the Lord. I want to be faithful on that day. Don't you? I'm not interested in rewards and payback or nothing like that. If I can just hear these simple, powerful words, well done. effort, success, this. No. No. Just as long as I know that I've pleased him. Is that what you want from your heart? Amen. It's one of the things that I love about him so much is that we unworthy ones, he changes us and helps us. He gives us the strength to do what he calls us to do. And then just like him, when we get there that day, he gives you a reward for doing what he helped you to do. Truly, totally selfless. That's our God. You sisters, you may think you've done nothing, but you may be one of the very ones that out of your home, God will produce a boy, maybe a preacher's wife, a pastor's wife, or something like that that will affect thousands of people. You remember the prophet telling us about the little lady had a burden on her heart to have a meeting and she goes and rents a place and a preacher comes and preaches. God wanted that woman to have a reward. You're worth something today. It's wonderful to be together, isn't it? Praise the Lord. We have brother Michael Ray here with us today and we're so glad to have him with us. And um he don't want to ride on his father's coel or his grandfather's coel, but he's brother Biscll's grandson and brother Tom Ray's son. Um but he has his own identity. He's brother Michael Raid and we're grateful to have him with us and we just want him to come and uh speak to us today. How many come with needs on your hearts? No doubt our needs would be as diverse as the congregation that's gathered here today. So no matter how spiritual we might think we are and how much great mysteries that we understand, I hope that we never forget how to contact the Lord Jesus. There are many many great theologians in the New Testament, but how many of them could stop Jesus in his tracks? That's the kind of believer I want to be. Can we sing together touching Jesus? and we'll just invite brother Michael to come and let's just open our hearts now. Now, God knows what he's studied and the direction that he's studied. But maybe you have a need today that will lay outside the confines of what he's prepared. But keep in mind, the Lord Jesus loves you so much that he'll cause him to veer off of that, maybe for a sentence, a paragraph because you have a need. You believe that? Let's sing it together. A woman tried so many [Music] physicians yet grew worse. So did Jesus she came. And when that crowd tried to restrain [Music] her, she whispered these words, hallelujah, through her pain. Sing it now with me. Oh, touching Jesus. [Music] [Music] will never be the [Music] same. And there's only one way to touch him. Oh, just believe. Just believe when you call on his name one more time now. Oh, touching Jesus. Oh, is all that really matter and your life will never be the same. And there's only one way to touch him. Just believe. Just believe when you call on his name. Amen. You believe that this morning? Amen. and we just call on his name. He's that close. Too many times I think people think he's far off in some distant place, but he's right here present. Right here present. You just need to call. Amen. Isn't that just just what they did as brother Donnie was mentioning in scripture? You just need to speak out. Maybe maybe blind Barnameus. His faith cried out and he was there. Amen. I greet you this morning. It's uh well I'm just going to take it in for a moment and just uh so honored and privileged to be here with you and I've we've of course known of the congregation here in Tennessee for a long long time but to to be here in this capacity is was never in my wildest imaginations but the Lord has a whole different trajectory for our lives and sometimes it takes you on a maybe a 180 and uh so here we are and we're just thankful to be sojouring with you today. I greet you from brother Tom indeed and the congregation back home and my grandma sister R brother Ed Bisco. They would be I'd be reminis reminiscent to not uh remiss to not regret you from them. And so we just we're fighting the battle up in Canada. I know there's a few here from Canada. Brother Kyle, Sister Christina, I think I seen brother Ben and Sister Well, Amanda, where are you here? Wave your hand at me. I know you're here. There we are. I knew you there. And then some old friends are here. Sister Heidi and I seen brother Nathan. My goodness, we're just so blessed to be part of the family of God and do thank you for opening the the congregation here and all your help yesterday. You just were a real expression of Christ. That's what was just so beautiful just to see the body just joining together from all ends of the earth. That's just a little taste of heaven. Amen. Because that's what the body is from all over the world. And so we just so thank you and butter Donnie so appreciate you. We haven't maybe had a lot of time together but your life has impacted. We were speaking in the office there and I'm just I can say I've been impacted. I know the other side you'll find out the greater but my life hasn't. I just thank you for your testimony for this gospel message that's been around the world. Amen. You have a you have a precious pastor. We do indeed. So this morning we'll just I'm just uh there's been some giants of this message preachers that have preached from this church and uh and I'm not one of those. So just a little simple word this morning, but you pull because it doesn't really matter. Actually, it's all words. So then it's all simple. And so it doesn't really matter how where and in the depths and such. If it comes from from his word, then it it'll feed our souls this morning. Amen. So we'll just turn to the word and not take any more time. We're turn to Genesis 11. You going to pull this morning for me? Yeah. I do. I'll need it. It's going to take me a moment to settle down. All them butterflies. Genesis 11. We'll start at verse one. And the whole earth was of one language and of one speech. And it came to pass as they journeyed from the east that they found a plain in the land of Shannar, and they dwelt there. And they said to one another, "Go to and let us make brick." And burned them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone and slime had they for mortar. And they said, "Go to and let us build us a city and a tower whose top may reach into the heaven. And let us make us a name lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth." If you go back in scripture and even brother Brandham speaks about it, God had actually desired and he had instructed them actually to multiply and replenish the whole earth. and and their objective now was though to be united here underneath their own desire for a name for themselves. And we'll maybe go into some further scripture, but I'll let you sit and take your seats. But before we do that, let's just have a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we stand here Lord tonight, this morning and conscious Lord that there is each one that are listening this morning standing here. Each one is a soul that you paid a price at Calvary for each one worth Lord is we've been told worth more than a 10,000 worlds. the value that you place in one precious son or daughter here this morning. And Lord, here there's many. And Lord, to stand here, Lord, and to to speak in this capacity, I Lord, I pray there's not a word of my own thought would be expressed, but that the only thoughts would come from the very throne of God this morning, Lord, because that's what will feed a hungry heart, Lord. Maybe somebody here is thirsty and Lord, they need living water like that little woman that sat at the well. Or Lord, maybe somebody is in dire need of some food, some spiritual food in due season. And you alone, oh God, would break the very bread of life to them, Lord. So I pray this morning, Lord, it wouldn't just be a service, but Lord, it' be a time where we can be refreshed and renewed and strengthened and comforted, Lord, brought, Lord, just that little bit closer to your side. and you could Lord come and your presence would draw near and we would leave here Lord never the same again Lord we just don't want to come to a Sunday morning service we want to come to where we can encounter the almighty God and Lord we could our children could know and that you're a living God still the same today Lord not just a God of scripture but if you could raise up out of history as your prophet said and Lord we could just worship together and you'd be pleased Lord to dwell within your praises and within Lord our presence this morning we commit Lord those that would hear and myself that would speak to you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. I feel like I'm a little bit uh I need to grow a few inches cuz uh this is definitely high up on me here, but maybe we'll we'll just uh share a little bit from our heart. The scripture there says, as I was saying there, go to let us build a city. And they said, go let us make a name. This was the Tower of Babel. Of course, we'd have heard this in our Sunday school when we were little children. And their objective was to build something that was great, something that was mighty, some accomplishment that they had done themselves, something that they had they had desired to do. If you look at the scripture, it says, "Let us make us a name." They that's their whole desire was somehow to raise themselves up. But God, he had actually had a desire to scatter the people. He wanted the earth to be filled with life. They said, "No, no, no. We we want to make us something. We have our own names sake to be made. We we need to put an image out there of who we are and and what we can do and and what we're made of and what we're about and and how big we are lest lest we be scattered. They didn't want to be scattered. They didn't want that really to to replenish and to let that life force go out upon the earth. They said, "No, we're going to be here and we're going to do something for ourselves." And and today I can imagine, you know, how not much has really changed God's seed is is desires to send forth. But unfortunately through the world today too many are concerned and we live in an age that is very self-centered and and all they care about is really let us let me make an image unto myself. Let me create my own Instagram profile or let me create my my new explatform or or this or that or the other. Let me project what I am and what I can do. Now that spirit hasn't changed since Genesis till now. Amen. And so that continues in scripture. He says, "And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower." So God now has stepped down to see what the children of men had built. And the Lord said, "Behold, the people is one." God recognized that they had come together as one. They were united and they have all one language. And this they begin to do. And now nothing, listen to what what God is is saying here. Now nothing will be restrained from them which they have imagined to do. Anything that is in their heart, anything that's in their imagination, nothing can be restrained. They've united together and they can do anything they desire. Think about that. This is a an observation as the Lord came down. He said, "Go to let us go down." And there confound their language that they may not understand one another's speech. And they at that moment were unified together by their language. This is what gravitated them together. And in a moment that language is is is is what made them one. And in a moment they were no longer one. Amen. Their unity disintegrated. The moment their language was removed. They no longer could communicate to each other. They they couldn't express what was in their imagination. And here now one was speaking this language and another was speaking another. And the unity was broken. And just like that, they were suddenly separated. And what had united them was was not of a of a heavenly nature. I could say it was of a natural ability that they had within their human human uh being and to to project their own aims. And the scripture continues. So the Lord scattered them abroad and from fence upon the face of all the earth and they left off to build the city. Therefore the name is the name of it called Babel because the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth and from then did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of the earth and so here we see the the beginnings of in Genesis as the people now scattered broken and separated and I'll just point and I'll maybe just read the scripture in John 17 and 10 Jesus saying and all mine are thine and thine are mine and I am glorified in them and now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world. And I come to thee, holy father, keep through keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me. Jesus is praying that they may be one as we are. God had a desire for unity. He had a desire for union that they may be one as we are. And so I want to take up just a little thought this morning and maybe if I could title it unified by our identity or united by our identity and unity is is is something that uh people can come together in a moment to find a common ground. It's it's when people can can find maybe a common cause and it can be as small or as great as as one can imagine. You know some people unite on soggy Rice Krispies. Brother Kyle, as I heard yesterday, you know, you know, you find someone that has a common like as you like and suddenly you're best buddies and uh because you know, you have this interest or a hobby that you find common ground on or or you unite. Many of course countries have united to conquer and and they've come together because they they desire for their for for unification. I would say the world longs for unity. They really do. It's why everyone is so inclusive today. You know, they're trying to come up with some way to bring a unification of the world in some way, but it's a perverted way. But it's something they thirst for. They thirst for unity, something inside of them, cuz at the beginning there was, then they were broken up because they had a perverted desire. But God desires unity. That's his heart. And so, man, it has it built in. And so, there's a incredible power that can come with that as we see in the in the scripture that they had, they were not restrained. And so man seeks it because they know with unity there is indeed power. There's an ability and and if I could just maybe drop in a little uh anecdotal piece of a factual piece of nature for you that could maybe uh bring this out. There's uh there's a Japanese honeybee in Japan and uh there's also a Japanese hornet in Japan. And so these two uh live in the same world in the same area but the hornet is actually the largest in the world. It is two almost has 2 in or so long. It's got a quarter inch stinger and it's got a wingspan of about 3 in. You they're they're big. They're they're monsters and they pack a wallup of wallops of a sting. Not that I've ever had one, but I can imagine. And so these hornets are so large they can actually take on 10,000 count honeybee hive. If there's 10,000 or so bees in a in a hive of a honeybee, they only a dozen or so of these hornets can wipe them all out. quite immediately. They go in there with their with their pinchers and and just tear them apart. And you real you'll notice that an American and and a hybrid and import um honeybees actually cannot stand against these hornets. But the native Japanese honeybee have figured out how to deal with them. And so these hornets will send in a scout and they'll send in it to try and find where the honeybee is. And they'll come into their into their uh into their hive. And the the honeybees will not do nothing until until that hornet touches one of the honeybees. They they kind of let let it be. But the moment it takes and starts to attack one bee, the bee after bee now in the hive start to conglomerate on this hornet and they create what they call a beeball on this hornet and they just continue to grow grow grow and grow until they completely surround in unified force against this hornet as he's tried to come in invade their territory. But they find here's an attacker. And so they come and they they create a a whole ball around him and they surround him and intensify the heat around him and they raise the heat just um not even a degree above what that hornet can handle and they kill him. They have figured out the strength of unity. They figured it out. Nature figured it out. If a bee can figure it out, surely surely man, surely God's people, we can understand God's desiring to unify with his people. Amen. And so all other ground, as we know, the scripture is sinking sand. And and and if if it isn't Christ, if it isn't the word, at some point, whatever you're founded on, whatever you're unified on will crumble. That's just the the bare facts of it. Balum, we see that happen. Kora unified people. They they they they they brought people together, but their unity I could say the unity in itself isn't necessarily the key, but what they were unified on was the problem. So whatever you're unified on is the key to unity. That's really where where it counts. And so some, you know, have unions and are teetering on a fine edge because indeed it's just a whisper away from fracturing their foundations. We've seen conquerors over time try and do that and bring certain things together for their own desires. But human unity is fragile. It's fickle and it's finite. It is. And if you don't know what fickle means, it's an older word. It's changing frequently, especially in regards to one's loyalties, interests, and affections. So, humans unity, if it's on a humanistic aspect, it's sitting there and it's really only based on some interests and affections. And we know that interests change. You grow. And we know interests change as we heard at the grad yesterday. And so humans change and they can get into a problem when they unify on some humanistic aspect. And if we go into scripture just as a a bit of a foundation or or sometimes I find myself going I go down the uh you know kind of go down the negative road to show the positive. And uh so I'll just I'll just going to go down there a little bit. Help me. And then we'll jump back on the other side. Is that okay? The law of contrast is sometimes an easy lesson. Yeah. Jehoshaphat in the scripture, he gets approached by Ahab. And Ahab says, "Hey, Jehoshaphat, we've got land to take. There's our God-given possession. You know, this is a good, you know, a good idea. We we should go and take our land. Would you come and and join with me, please? You know, your armies and your chariots and and your horses and let us all be one, Jehoshaphat." And so Ahab had a desire, but his desire, I don't really think, was to to possess what God had given him. Ahab's desire was not quite founded, I don't think, on really the real foundation. Then Jehoshaphat, you know, he was seeing through he wasn't really seeing through it all completely because he was getting drawn into, well, that sounds like maybe a good idea. I mean, what he's saying is is not too terrible, but you got to be very careful what you listen to and what you get caught up with because it's very subtle how that drawing into, hey, be part of what I what we are and you're like, well, you're trying to discern and got tripped up sounding the the idea sounded pretty good. It it sounded right. Well, yeah, that is our land. You know, we should we should go out there. But if you don't be careful, unity on the wrong basis can get you in deep deep trouble. deep trouble. Jehosh jehoshaphat knew and I I just wonder you know Ahab had been prophesied to die. Elijah had already prophesied that the dogs would lick his blood blood and here Jehoshaphat was in this position and Ahab worked on him. Brother Brandham said he was a borderline believer a lukewarm halfbaked so-called believer. That's that's brother Brandham. He was a pretty good fellow. He repented many times. Brother Brandham said he was caught up in the things of the world but was it was he had enough to believe some scripture. you know, let's claim some land. And so, you know, there was enough. He looked good enough. Or maybe he came to church often or somebody, you know, it's like, yeah, he's a pretty good believer, but he was not all the way. But Abraham said, a pretty good fellow and he was repented times, but he's lukewarm, halfaked, and so-called. So, here was Ahab, and he calls for Jehoshaphat to make an alliance or a union and unite. But Abraham says, Jehoshaphat was invited down to visit Ahab. Ahab showed him all his all the fiery that that that Israel had. And that's when a believer can get into the wrong company. When Jehoshaphat went down to fellowship with Ahab, he got in the wrong pew. He got in the wrong pew. Somehow he got he came to church or something like that. He got in the wrong pew with Ahab. And Ahab started to talk to him, but it wasn't of the right origin. The unity wasn't coming from the right channel. And he started to poke at at Jehoshaphat. I don't know how long he he tried to poke him, but he did for long enough. And Joseph started to lean in. He says, "Now," but the Ram says, "Now, there's so many times that people can do that with good intentions, people don't mean to do wrong, but they can get caught up with what sounds good. It's a real issue, but they don't see the spirit behind it. And then they don't consult God and what about it and what they and what they should be doing." And Abraham says on at one time then when a believer got in the wrong company, he says, "We have that all the time. A believer by the name of Jehoshaphat got on the wrong company. And when a makebeliever and a believer get together, you got trouble. So we had trouble here. And so Jehoshaphat not realizing it unites with Ahab and he becomes part of Ahab's cause. You don't realize what you actually join yourself to. When you you unite with somebody, you realize you're actually united with everything that they are. You've united with their whole cause. You've identified with everything that they are. Willie, whether you like to or not, you have because you've you've saddled yourself up beside them. And so now his problems is your problems. His worries are your worries. His beliefs almost look like your beliefs. You're like, "Well, no." But no, you've identified with that. You got to be careful. See through it, please, brothers and sisters. We can look at the scripture, but we're living in a day and age where the Satan is so subtle, trying to unite, trying to get you off the word just a little bit. unite with something that's just twisted just a little. It looks pretty good. But it's of death because it's hybrid. And a hybrid religion, a hybrid word is death all the way through. And Jehoshaphat needed to see through it. And here he gets right now mixed up with Ahab. He's assumed now all Ahab's problems. Ahab's enemies were now Jehoshaphat's enemies. Think about it. Jehoshaphat wasn't fighting them people before, but now he's with Ahab. I got to fight with him. Well, you know, let's go. You've saddled up now. Now here we roll. And so Jehoshaphat now is associated. He has to accept the things that he normally maybe wouldn't do. Ahab might come with his whole strategy and say, "Hey, this is what I think we should do here. We should move our armies this way." And Josh's like, "Yeah, I don't know. That's that's a terrible idea. I I really don't like that. You know, actually, Jehoshaphat, I'm going to disguise myself and you're going to go like looking like kings." Uh, that really puts me at a disadvantage, doesn't it? No, I think that's a really good idea, Jehoshaphat. You look all you you dress in your kingly robes. I'm going to disguise myself so they don't know what I look like. Yeah. Well, so then I'm the target. Well, I don't agree with that, Ahab. Tough luck. You You join with me. I call the shots now. Jehoshaphat, wait a second. Isn't this a 50/50? No, no, no, no, no. I'm I'm running this army. I'm running this battle. And suddenly, Jehoshaphat realized he sucked into more than he bargained for. You got to watch what you unify with cuz you might get sucked into more than you bargain for. And so Jehoshaphat now is is gets here. And he comes to pass when the captains of the chariot saw Jehoshaphat that they said surely look at this now. Now if I go back Jehoshaphat did have a little bit there. I don't want to skip too far but I'm I'm racing against the clock. Of course he called for Micaiah. We know that he called for the prophet and they he said you know they everybody was saying you can go. It's good to go. And Jos said, "I I'd like to hear from a a prophet, please." And so he he his heart was stirring. Something's a little off here. Something's a little wrong. I need to We need to go back to the word. I just don't I just don't quite see this lining up. I need to go back to the true word. I need to get into the message myself. I need to hear from the word of the hour. Give me a prophet that's true. I don't like him. I don't like what he says. He kind of preaches against me, but it's true word. I know it's too tough. I got to hear it. Sometimes it tells me I can't do this. I shouldn't do that. Ah, grace against me. Come on, Ahab. I want to hear the truth. Something in Jehoshaphat rang out cuz a seed inside was just grading against it. It got sucked in, but he was grading. Amen. So they go forth into battle and surely it came to pass when the captains of the chariot saw the Jehoshaphat that they said surely it is the king of Israel. Yeah I can bet you Jehoshaphat said see I told you Ahab. Thanks a lot. It's like well you unified. And so he's there in his chariot and he says and and they turned aside to fight against him. So now it's like Jehoshaphat suddenly the target and the scripture says he cried out. Jehoshaphat came to a point where he was not willing to take the hit for Ahab any longer. He came to the point where he's like, "Forget it. I'm not willing to go down this road any longer. I It's not true. It's I'm not falling. It's it's off a little bit and I'm willing to I need to cry out, oh God, take me. Save me from this." Nothing mattered anymore because now it was Jehoshaphat's life on the line. You come to a point where you realize my family's gone this way. My life has gone this way. I've gone off the edge to be an edge. I' I've unified with things of the world and I'm done with it. Oh God, I'm crying out this morning because I need to come back to the word. You should have never been there in the first place. Amen. And I wonder how many believers are getting in trouble in times and they may even be in a battle and it looks like everything is against them and they get because they get caught in the wrong union as Jehoshaphat did and they don't realize that the battleground around them is actually really the cause of a wrong alliance and mistakes they've made, trials they've had actually the trials that Jehoshaphat was going through is because it was his choice. He made a wrong choice. We've all made wrong choices. I've made wrong choices. But you know what the difference is? Jehoshaphat was willing to do something. Jehoshaphat cried out. Jehoshaphat did something. He didn't hunker down in his idea. Well, this just is what it is. and and and and and that's too much pride. You mean I got to humble myself and I got to make this right here. I got to do that or I got to walk back and I got to go talk to the pastor and and tell him, you know, I was wrong here. I shouldn't have never done that. You know, no. Jehoshaphat humbled himself. Yeah. He was a king, but he humbled himself. And the scripture says he cried out. But if you go into second Coronicles, it goes even a little further than just that. cuz if you leave it there, it cried out. He's like, "Well, what what happened?" But 2 Chronicles 18:31 says, "And it came to pass when the captain saw Jehoshaphat, and they turned there, and the compass about him to fight, but Jehoshaphat cried out." And it continues on, and it says, "And the Lord helped him, and God moved them to depart from him." If you cry out, don't hunker down just because you've got maybe stuck in some sort of unification with something that you know is wrong. cry out. And the Lord helped him. The Lord stepped on the scene. The Lord says, "I see you. I know you maybe made a bad choice. That's okay. I'm still here. You're still mine. You're still my seed. Just cry out. Don't get all condemned and oh, down and the devil pound on you. Yeah. No one's going to accept you anymore. No one's going to even want to talk to you anymore. You should be ashamed of yourself. You just go in your little hole and hunker down until the end of time." No. cry out and say, "Oh God, restore unto me the joy of my salvation." And your scripture says, "And the Lord helped him. And if he helped Jehoshaphat, if he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, I can tell you if you cry like Barnameus, if you cry like the woman in the in the well, or anybody in scripture, he will help you." Sometimes we just don't cry. Don't get sucked in to some alliance with some union with something of the enemy and stay there. Not a moment longer. Jehoshaphat's there for you. Cuz a trail of of a wrong union. When you unite, you create a covenant. A union is a covenant. You know, when someone makes a covenant, it does more than just bring people together. They when you enter into an alliance or a covenant or a union, it's it's something more. You're joining at a layer much deeper than hey, hey buddy, how's it going? Yeah. Hey, great. Great. Having a good day. See you later. That that's that's not a union. When you unite, it's you're becoming one. Scripture in Exodus 34 says, "Observe that thou which I commanded thee in this day. Behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, the Hitittite, the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite." This is God speaking, "Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, whether thou goest, lest it be for a snare in the midst of thee." God is warning, don't unite. Don't make an agreement. Don't make an alliance with the inhabitants of the land. He says, "But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, cut down their groves, for thou shalt worship no other god, for the Lord whose name is jealous." That's a strong scripture. Why is his name jealous? He said, "Really?" Because we we often have a a negative connotation to jealous ether jealousy or or someone has a that's a it's a negative word in our mind jealousy. But God has actually said his name is jealous because God when he would when he identifies in scripture and if we go to verse 15 he says lest they'll make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land and they go a whoring after their gods. God always, if you see often in scripture, when they start to go and unite with idol worship, he relates it to whoring. He relates it to a union, a false perverted union with a perverted life that comes out of it. And so God's saying, "I'm jealous over you. I desire unity with you." It's a jealousy of a husband for a wife that someone is trying to make approaches and he's jealous over you and he says don't you dare go a whoring after another god. Don't you dare unite with something that's perverted because out of that union produces perverted life. [Applause] You and I have been trained to believe that God's heart is a heart of love because we have a fuzzy self-centered possessive desire. this kind of definition of love. We we tend to imagine that God's just always forgiving, which he is, but generous and kind and overlooks his children's mistakes and rebellions and holds his breath until eventually stop acting like we are and return to his care. But we don't realize that God's a jealous God. Do not care. He God cares for you. He desires your unity. He desires your relationship and he's fervent for it. And so he's passionate in scripture. He says, "Don't go a whoring. Don't make a relationship with another idol. And that's in that's in Israel. But what about today? What about today? God's just as passionate about our spiritual walk. Just as passionate about our natural desires. If we place anything above him, it's an idol. It could be an interest. It could be a desire. It could be a sports. I don't really care what it is. But if it's above him, you are going a whoring after it. And he's saying, "I'm jealous over you. I desire a union with you. Kill it. Knock it down. Kill the idol. Break the statue. I just want you [Applause] cuz idolatry was always connected with a wrong union. It relates to a marriage union. The worship of another God was viewed as entering in to a perverted relationship. And God hated it. He hated it. And he's jealous. My name is jealous. Because a union is actually the passing of life. It's the transition or the transferring of life from a man to a woman. And idolatry as a union was passing perverted seed which brought forth perverted life. And Israel was forgetting that they have been called, as we go through the different scriptures, Israel been called to be a separate people, a peculiar nation, not to be united with any other. We know this. Anything before God was an idol. You know, it always starts small though. It's not really a big deal. It's a little harmless, especially in this age. We have to tolerate so much or they try to tell us we have to tolerate so much. We don't have to tolerate nothing. You don't have to you don't have to succumb to anything. Hollywood pushes its way in your face. Politics push it way in your face. Music, fashion, I don't really care what it is. Your culture, social culture, I don't really care what it is. It pushes change in your face. You have to accept it. You have to believe it. You just have to tolerate this. I don't tolerate nothing that is beyond this right here. If it isn't on the word, if it doesn't align with that, I will not unite with your idea because I will not accept your battle. I will not accept your redeem all the the the consequences of it. I unite with the word and the word alone. That's more prevalent in this age than any age. Never. Never just take a step as Jehoshaphat did. Well, it's all right. Maybe I should. You shouldn't. Stay right here. Stay right here. Amen. Often people leave this message and often they become more spiritual. And it has this perception, why we've never had it better. You just give it time. You just give it time. And you find out because it takes time for a little seed to grow. and you just don't move and you just watch the life and you watch the life and then you just wait and you watch that life. It'll either be true if it's on there. If it's not, it'll be deformed and perverted and in time anyone that I know don't get sucked into the very tendencies of the beginnings. Oh, it looks pretty good. It isn't good. You just watch it. Amen. Amen. Israel got confused on their identity of really who they were. They had gotten Balam had tried to suck them in and they'd created some unions and such and you know I can imagine you know Balam and the Amorites and the Moabites you know the Moabites trying to tell them that they were the same. And if you take a step back and realize that the Moabites in Israel had nothing in common in their identity of who they were and Israel should have taken a step back and and said wait a second where do I come from? Where is my identity? Because Moab would have had to go back and put their identity in a in a perverted relationship with Lot. Israel would go back to their identity and say, "Wait a second. I come from the lineage of Abraham. I come the lineage of father Abraham and Isaac and Jacob. That's where I come from. And you're telling me I'm the same as you and you come out of Lock B. That's not what I'm identified with." They should have taken that step back and realized there was nothing the same with their identity and where they came from. That's good. My identity is in the covenant that Jehovah made with my father Abraham. We're a chosen people. We're a holy nation. We're peculiar people. That's what they should have been saying. No, we're the same. We worships very similar. No, you don't. I worship the true and living God. And I just can tell you just by looking at everything around, we're not the same. But it just takes even just one. And I haven't I'm sure I really want to long I'm going to book an appointment with Caleb in scripture. And so I have many million years reserved with him. So you'll have to take a second seat after me cuz he's one of my favorite of scripture. And he's he knew his lineage. You know, he I I I note in scripture, note his verbiage. Note his words. He spoke in Numbers 13 and 30. And Caleb stealed the people before Moses. You know the scripture. And he said, "Let us go up at once and possess it." He said a certain word in scripture. It's let's possess it. Because if we can go back, he can track his identity back to his father Abraham who said in Genesis when the angel of the Lord came to Abraham the second time and he said, "By myself have I sworn, sayeth the Lord, because thou hast done this thing and has not withheld thy son, thine only son, that in blessing I will bless thee. Multiplying I'll multiply. Thy seed is the stars of heaven and the sand which is upon the seashore and thy seed shall possess the gates of the enemy." That's what Caleb was reaching back and saying, "That's what I'm uniting with. That's where I come from. We can possess it because the promise is there." Moab couldn't go back to that. Yes, sir. Good. I wonder about the spiritual seed of Abraham, the royal seed. Can we get caught like maybe and cry out maybe like Jehoshaphat? We sometimes we can get confused on our identity and oh maybe slip into that but because we didn't come from a harlot mother. We didn't come from some denominational system that says well we just kind of look the same. We can worship the same. No we cannot. We have a word of the hour. I can go back to where the source came from. That my identity is straight from the word of the lord. Not from some system not from some unification that we see going on today. We're not unified with that. We are unified with the word of this hour. My eternity doesn't my my identity doesn't go back to some nice council 325. I ain't going to some celebration 1700. That's not where I came from. I came from eternity and I go back to eternity. I don't have an origination here on this earth. I come from the eternal seed of God. Oh glory. Thank you. It's important to recognize your nationality. I realize I'm speaking in America. I do realize that, which should be a plus because then you really, really get it. But, you know, that's why the Olympics is a big deal because everybody rallies around their nationality. Yeah. You could be living in America, but your roots go from Sweden. Well, I wonder who are you cheering for suddenly. Well, you know, it's Swedes that I'm cheering for. Or maybe it's Norway or maybe it's China or wherever it is. But somehow something greater than maybe just your habitation takes effect. Maybe where I'm planted don't matter no longer, but where I came from suddenly has a very powerful pull. And so they cheer. They Yeah. Go Norway. Well, you're red, white, and blue. Well, yeah, I know, but actually I come from Norway. Who knew? Every four years you find out. And suddenly it conjures up a level of unity you never see in other aspects. Way beyond the Rice Krispies, but a cow. It goes somewhere deeper. Brother Brandham says, "Let me take it a little further. The scriptures is what tells you what you are." And I wonder what could really happen or I should say what is happening when the church of the living God starts to recognize my nationality. [Music] Hey, where you really came from. It isn't a red, white, and blue banner. It isn't a red maple leaf. It isn't nothing to do with that. I come from another country. And when we can come to that recognition, the unity is at another level. I said, let's identify who we are a little bit. Can we do that this morning? Let's let's go back and find my type, your type, because it's always good to to rehearse where you came from. Amen. I They can reminisce. You know, when people get together, have been apart for a long time that are come from the same place, they start talking about different things. Hey, do you remember this? Yeah. If I was going on the Norway thing, hey, the Lepsa, you like the Lepsa? I love Lepsa. I mean, yeah, I know the best Lepsa comes from here. I don't even know there's any Norwegians in here. But you start to talk about your origin. You start to to discuss all the all the different things you love there. Maybe some you haven't had a certain piece of food for so long, you're like, "Oh, I just wish I could have certain such such food." Yeah, I know. We don't get good stuff here. So you talk on that level. So let's talk about our origin. You can find a match in scripture where you are and who you are, who you can line up with because scripture is where you come from. And so if you can find yourself here, you can actually then you know where you do come from because this is telling you as brother says scripture is what tells you what you are. And so you can say, well, many can go in there and I can see ones that have have perseverance or those that have courage or those that have patience or steadfastness or Job and different ones longsuffering through through hard pains and such. But I want to go even deeper than that because there's a strain that goes deeper than just identifying with someone that was perseverant or David with with great courage because there's a strain that goes somewhere deep past the surface level of our beings. And it's when the word was made manifest in their hour, something triggered. It's called faith. Amen. Amen. They believed. When God came by Abraham's way, he believed. Yes, he did. When the widow of Zarapath stepped out on Elijah said, "Bake me a cake." And she's all she had was just nothing left but for herself and she's going to die. And he says, "Bake me otherwise." And then, you know, we'll go from there. Kind of thing. and she just trusted in the word that was speaking to her in that moment. That's a strain that runs through all of God's people. It can point you back to your origin when the word comes by your way. Like a Peter when he said you're from your name is is Jonas and and he points to Nathaniel and said I seen you under the tree or the woman at the well. All of them had the same strain. They believed the word as he stepped by their way. Then in this day, if the word of this hour would start by your seed and shines a light on your life, what is you're going to what's your heart going to do? It responds and it tells you where you came from. [Music] Shunomite woman, Jeremiah, Paul, Polycarp, Luther, all had a word come in their hour. And in this hour, heaven's homeland security is coming by and is doing doing identity checks. He's looking for a passport. You know what they're looking for? The word's looking for a faith response to the word of this hour. When this message came by your way, you say, "Can't sell believe?" And the word presents a check. Uh, can I see your identity? You know what it looks for? It's like, I see faith. I see faith. I see response to the word. I made an understanding, brother Michael, but I believe it. That's all heaven's looking for. It's like, yep, there it is. There's another one face seat of Abraham. There's another one face seat of Abraham. There's another one like the one at the whale. They got the same identity on the check with the word of this hour. I can say they're homebound. Amen. Fathan and Kora in the scripture, they went along for so long. But when it started getting a little tighter, that's when you realize then you can see, hey, where's the identity? Where's your identity? It's going to come. It's coming. It's here. It's getting squeezing. The pressure is becoming so tight, this going that way, someone going this way, and you finding out, wait a second, and I'm walking alone. That's okay. God's people have always walked alone. Micaiah walked before Jehoshaphat alone. Elijah walked alone. Many in scripture walked alone. That's your identity. Standing on the word. If it's alone, so be it. So be it. The 70 he left went to weed them out when the word got real tight. Oh my. But through all them dark ages, God was waiting for a time. He'd prepared a word for a special hour to ignite. He knew it'd be a dark age in Leosia. He knew it'd be oh gross darkness fill the earth. He knew young people that it would be difficult. He knew what you'd be going through. He knew you'd be hammered and hammered through ad and this ad and through every app and social media platform and everything. All the pull and the draw and the desire and the tanalization of entertainment. He knows and he knew. So he prepared a word for this hour to ignite a recognition of where you came from. That's why we cherish this message because it's bringing to you the reality that we're heavenbound. a reality of your identity that you came from God and you're going back to God. That's why Brother Brandham could speak on the ego scream because that's exactly what was happening. The message would scream out and bring you back to that pro little ego as you know the story probably 1,800 times. But I'll tell it to you again because there he was pecking his life out in misery on the worms of this world and he's wondering man living surely he would look down and then look up and look down and look up and man we're just not the same. No, some of you that maybe were sitting in some denominational system and you would go to church maybe day in and day out or week in and week out and you'd be like, "Man, it just ain't hidden." You know, but what else is there? This is the best I can see that old chicken eating the worms. Really? Is this all there is? My soul crith for more. My deep calleth for more. But this is all I see around me. That's why God prepared this message to help you to look up a little bit, hear something a little different that starts to trigger something. You realize, you know, that first time in that story when that little eagle would have seen mama eagle. Wow, look at that creature. That is the most stunning, amazing thing I ever saw. Amen. Wait a second. There's something similar to what I see. There's something similar to what I hear that's calling something here. That must be where I belong. Hallelujah. Amen. Then you look at the chick and you say, "Exactly right. I knew I wasn't like you. That's what I'm like. Oh no, that's the enemy. Run for the hills." We'll leave it there. Why? Because God was desiring to unite you with him. Cuz God is desiring union. It's not dos and don'ts, young people. It's far beyond dos and don'ts. Cuz when you recognize his love is calling you. It's a love relationship. You say, "Lord, you've called. You saved me." And you start to go through scripture what he did for you. I say, "Lord, the dos and don'ts fade away." And all these things and all your eyes stay on him. The son of man, Christ Jesus, united heavens and earth. God reconciling man when he came to break the curse that divided and broke fellowship and broke union and he comes down to mend that a complete union. Now God dwelling in flesh. Brother Brandham says when God and Christ became one when the dove came down on the lamb heaven and earth kissed each other and God and man was reconciled together. He says, "Why?" It was one of the greatest moments the world has ever had. God desiring to unify once again with his creation. But this was not the end. The end all, I should say, as God had he he's going to bring now peace and men the chasm. The image that he had made now was redeemed. But God had a greater desire than to leave it just there. This hour he was going to reveal himself again as a son of man for the whole purpose so that you could come to yourself and recognize your identity and realize I don't just want to come and mend the chasm but I need to I need to abide within you. Yes. wasn't just to come and and redeem man that way, but God wanted to come now and abide within and unify him with you and that aspect of coming to yourself and when you realize where your identity is and God can reveal that to you in such a revelation and and that union then therefore cannot it can't be broken. Revelation can't be broken. When God reveals that to you, it's you and your alone. Devil can't put his little fingerprints or his toe printints on that area that God alone has. So when he reveals where you came from, now that is tied for all eternity because there's nothing that can break it. It's like the prodical son when he was there there in the in the pig in the mud mud pit of of sin and despair and there he was wondering and and in the muck of shame and condemnation. But something changed. An angel came by his way and he came to himself. That wasn't something he conjured up. It wasn't something that he, oh, I must, I must, I must believe, I must believe. No, nothing of that nature. It was God that descended and said, listen, boy, get up and go back. God brought him back to himself. A revelation came upon him of what? Who he was. He sat there and said, "Wait a second. What am I doing here? I am actually the son of my father. Why am I in the pig pen? That was a revelation God gave of his identity. His identity never was broken ever. He just came to recognize it was there. Your identity has never come out of nowhere. It was always there. God always knew you. He had you in the foundation of his mind before the foundation and you just came to the recognition. Yes, sir. That's what this message is. Has the power to bring recognition back to your soul of where you originally came from. Hallelujah. It didn't matter what the prodical son did. It didn't matter his all his mistakes, how vile and how wretched, how terrible and how down. It didn't change his identity. That's true. I don't care how heavy the condemnation that the devil puts upon you. It don't change your identity. Amen. Amen. All you got to come to is allowing God to straighten your soul with revelation and it's over. It's over. Amen. That's that is a unity. Believing on his word will bring life. We can see it all through scripture. Abraham believed God's word brought forth in Isaac. Hannah believed the priest's word and she brought forth a Samuel. Shunimite woman believed the word of a prophet brought life to her son twice. Actually, Elizabeth brought forth a son. Mary by faith in the word of God brought forth the word of God. And so when you unite with the word, the inevitable production is life. But Abraham says, "There you are. That's oneness with God." When that power works in me, works in you, we are one. He said one is with God is to have God's spirit in you agreeing with the word all the word the whole word and make it manifested in power. I thought Lord if we could just come to a place where we can recognize really what lies within you like well brother Michael I'm just a believer here in Tennessee. No, no, you're not just a believer in Tennessee. You are actually omnipotent. You say, "Well, that's a tough one to swallow." Well, wait a second. Wait a second. Does eternity lie within you? It does, doesn't it? Because you're a seed of God. If you're a seed of God, you come from the eternal thoughts of God. And God does not have any time bound elements to him. So, he's eternal. So, therefore, who's eternal with him? Amen. So then if he's omnipotent, who is also filled with omnipotence? It would be his people. And so therefore, if you realize that you are walking with that seed inside of you, therefore the scripture then says, if two or three whatsoever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever you you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Again, I say unto you that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask, it shall be done of them of my father which is in heaven. Why? Because two omnipotants actually are coming together agreeing on the word of God. Your origin, your identity is there and you realize, wait a second, we have the power within us because the life of God is flowing through me and through you. So we agree on any one thing. Who is now coming behind that? [Music] You're calling on the power of all heaven. I have in my notes somewhere. I I can't even imagine Satan when he tried to tempt the King of Kings. You know that Satan actually Satan knew God on so many different levels. He was a Lucifer, angel of light. This He was powerful. He'd seen God in action. He'd seen God do so many things in heaven that I would even know how to describe. Lucifer had a second seat to it all. He had a front ring seat of all of God's power that uttered through the eternities as he as he worked his wonders. And then he saw God in his fury as Satan pulls away, takes the angels out, and they the war. And Satan knows the fury of God. Satan's seen God at work more than you and I have seen than ever. He knows who the King of Kings is. He does. Oh, yeah. and he comes down and he sees this little humble man and he's wondering who is this? But Abraham says he didn't believe that he was Emanuel and he's like who is this? Satan has seen God. He'd seen him in fury. He'd seen him in glory. He'd seen him shining. He'd seen him manifest attributes you and I haven't. And he's wondering who is this? And it was God. And he's confused. Well, dude, turn these stones into bread. And he's trying to he's trying to find out. Are you really the creator? Are you really the one that can preserve yourself? I've seen God show his force. I've seen God show his fury, but this isn't matching. Turn the stones into bread. It is written, "Man shall not live by bread alone." That's an odd response. Well, I know that's in the scripture. And so, he throws it again. And he throws it again. And God spokes back the word to him. Speaks the word back to him. Devil's just scratching his head. Who on earth is this? I just don't believe it's Emanuel. There's no way this can be God. He's too humble. He's too simple. He's too He He I just can't even see it. He's from an illitant bird. There's no way this is the son of God. No way God would go into humble flesh like this. There's no way omnipotence reigns in that fleshly body. Amen. And the only time he got an answer to his question is when he stepped into hell. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. That's when he found out who he really was. He says, "You've wondered, devil. You've wondered and you've wondered and you wondered. Wonder no longer. I'm going to take them keys from you. I've conquered everything you've tried to give and I'm stripping you of death and hell in a grave and I've come to show you my true identity. Hallelujah. He's doing that to you. Every day he pounds you, he's wondering, "Are you really a son and daughter of God? Can you really be that? There's no way. She's too humble. She's too simple. There's no way. She's got mistakes. I mean, I pound her and I pound her and I pound him with her faults and his faults and he was tripped up here. How on earth could omnipotent be inside that body? [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's okay, devil. We've got a time coming when you're going to wonder no longer. When we sit beside the king in his throne and we stand there before the world and you can wonder all you want, but at that moment, you're going to start gaping. They were all this time I wasted my energy for nothing. Yep, you did. Yes, sir. Because we're more than conquerors cuz I got his life in me. I'm identified with him and he's identified with me. I can't wait for that moment. Because he still has that little question. He saw the miracles. Devil saw all the signs. He saw all the wonders and still wondered until we'll say it all together when we get there. Devil wonder no longer. Amen. Said, "Brother Michael, I have so many mistakes." Well, we took care of that, but I'll just take care of it a second time just in case you missed the first time. God didn't unite with your flesh. No, he united with your soul, your faith. That's what connects you. But Abraham says, and just to give you the quote from questions and answers so you can take it home with you and put that in your pocket and for the next time the devil comes to your door outside in the parking lot. He says, "How can I take a cocker and make it a grain of wheat out of it?" He said, "It's impossible." And you know the quote, he said, "Inside the cockar has been transmitted from a cockab to wheat, cockar germ called wheat life." And brother goes through the quote. But the nature, he says, of the cockab is still sticky. See, it will be it will be until this new life has been fully developed out of the ground and raised up again. So, we're dealing with this flesh until that time. He says, "And the cockabore is still sticky, but it's got a nature on the inside of it of wheat." So, you will make mistakes. We will stumble, but you'll get up because something inside of you drives you to get up. You can't quit whether you like it or not. You feel like someone throwing someone in the towel. Sometimes your family is moving this way and that way and you feel alone. But something inside, what is it? It's your identity. It's where you came from. Man, that's why the devil pounds you to try and make you forget. He tries and makes you forget. You know, it's not a wonder that Alzheimer's or dementia is so prevalent in this day. Natural type spiritual spiritually. There's a lot of spiritual Alzheimer's out there. Satan's so wre havoc. People have got confused and wandered on this idea of what the gospel message is. And the church has become so watered down and so weak need and not following the true word. They're trying to maybe look maybe trying to get people to to like what they're doing and they become more like rock bands than than a church service. That's a hey I nothing compares to worship by the true believers like this morning when you can just come with pure worship. Oh but there's churches are trying to fabricate something. It's that they got spiritual but ram called spiritual amnesia. He says how can you be a Christian and deny the word? You can't do it. He says, "If I'm living in this generation, what this portion of word has promised for this generation, I've got to be that. If I'm going to be a Christian, I got to be identified with all that the Bible preaches and stands for everything. Every bit of it. I can't pick and choose. If I'm identified with it, I'm identified with all of it." Amen. The problem is people don't know what they're identified with. And if I could say this morning, some of you, well, help me. uh you know we maybe we'll be the 51st state sometime so I can kind of walk here prematurely. Okay. But if we I I have to say the US has forgotten a lot of what it stood for. What it founded on and what it fought for. It's it's forgotten that if they if they've got an amnesia or an Alzheimer's disease of what has what those original articles were founded on. If you go back to that life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness, freedom of religion and one nation under God, they've left God. They now are even fighting for the They're not even fighting the same nation anymore. It's broken. Unity, the union. Amen. The definition of what even the forefathers fought for, of what America even defines, are very two different things. That's right. what people are fighting for now and really what the American Constitution as such even came up to uphold and to identify what you fought for your rights and rights and freedoms is so different. You know, I wonder if the men that fought for these way back would stand today. Yes, sir. They said that's what we fought for. What a terrible terrible moment. His wounded leg, blood running down. He's got a bullet wound here in his arm. He's leaning on his musket. And he could be brought to time and said, "This is the state of the union." And he'd hang his head and he'd weep. I didn't fight for that. That's not what I stood for. That's not what my forefathers stood for. That's not what was written on the page. That's not what was written there. I didn't fight for that. Steven and Paul and Peter, they brought forth in time and they see the denominational system and Rome raising its head. They said, "No, that's not what we fought for. We didn't stand for that." And not so long ago, then people went through and they started slashing everything down. We no longer want to be identified for that part of history. But that that's that's just part I mean there brother says is the good and the bad. There's all parts you identified with it all. You're destroying my identification. I don't want it no more. Brother says I must never forget this. I want to remain a true American citizen. I must remember that I'm I'm what my nation is for I'm identified by my nation. Catch the spiritual parallel please. to forget her, to fight for her, or to die for her, or to stand for all she stands for. I must stand for it. What my nation is, I am. What it stands for, I stand for it. Amen. You cannot forget what your nation stands for because then how do you fight for it? If you don't know what you're fighting for, you're like, well, I don't know. How do you have ferocity in the battle if you don't even know what you believe in? Well, you know, I think we I think we stand for for truth. Uh, what is serpent seed exactly? Haven't really been in the message lately. What do we What do we believe? Oh, yes. We believe in one God. No, no, you need to know what you're fighting for. Amen. They knew what they fighting for. I wonder if they someone read them the declaration or all of their desires. Here's what we're fighting for. We're not getting taxed. We're not having this. We're not being on the oppression. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm here for. Sign me up. Let me just read for you what we're fighting for. And we can go through scripture after scripture after scripture. And you're like, "Yes, I believe that. I believe that. I believe that. That's exactly what I'm fighting. Sign me up." Amen. But says, "You're no more an American citizen when you can't become part of it. And you're no more a Christian when you can't become part of him." Amen. Amen. And down through the ages, Satan's been trying to cancel or distort or create a a different remembrance of who God is. Trying to remove the statutes of what we stood for. I'd say if I could say, well, what are the articles that Christ stood for? Where are they? What is it that he hung on a cross for? That would take a very long long if I took the scroll of the of our declaration. Amen. of independence. That's right. This is my Declaration of Independence. I've seen yours. I've walked in there. I've looked at the original signatures and it's an amazing thing. I'm not even American, but I stand I almost salute. My goodness. I feel it. You walk in that rotunda and we Wow. I went in Canadian. I walk out like, "Oh, I feel like an American." It's amazing with the natural nationality, the power of it. Brothers and sisters, thank you, Lord. What about when we start to look at the word of God, not signed by John Hancock, his big fancy Jay, whatever is their age, signed in blood from Calvary's cross. And we can walk up to the word and we can start to read it. say, "Oh, God, I want to read my declaration. I want to read my freedom. I want to read what I'm fighting for. I want to read what I'm identified with because I'm a soldier of the cross of Calvary. This message, this word, lest we never forget." What do we stand for? If I could hold the volumes of this message here and stack them up high, God, we stand for this word. One word, one baptism, one faith, a united bride. Everything, our conduct, our respects, our home, our dress, our appearance, it's all there. It's all in our declaration. You know, it says in there, there's a word. We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal and that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. My somebody was inspired. You know that word unalienable is quite a word. It means impossible to take away or give up. That's in your earthly declaration. Unalable. Unable to be taken away from or given away by the possessor. Freedom of religion. The most inalienable of human rights. Oh my goodness. That's your natural. Amen. What about this? Unal inalienable. Unable to be taken away. Once it was signed and sealed on Calvary, there's no way your rights and freedoms can be taken away. I started to look through. I said, "Well, do we even have an idea of what those even are? What my what my where my identity is? I that's what the whole loosing of the seals has been is to identify who you [Applause] are. That's why then when you become identified with all of this, every aspect of it, then you can realize when brother Brandham says I'm identified. I was there with Abraham when he put the sacrifice of Isaac on the altar. I was there. Why? Because he's identified with everything Abraham is and identified with. I'm identified with Joseph. I'm identified with Jacob. I'm identified. I was with Moses. I was with David. I was with the Hebrew children. I was with Daniel. I was at Pentecost where the Holy Ghost came down. Why? Because I'm part of him. I was there with him at the cross. I'm identified with his sacrifice. You're part of him. You're united. Amen. Thank you, Lord. But the Rabb says, "Don't get spiritual amnesia cuz you'll identify yourself with something else." He said, "Stay right with that word." There are so many freedoms in the scripture. I don't even have time because of my time is up. Freedoms from guilt and sin and shame. And if you need to go through your declaration, just go to Romans 8:1. That's right. There is therefore now no condemnation. You haven't gone through your declaration. You maybe need to. You need to walk through there and say, "Well, I'm have a need in my body." You need to go through your declaration of independence. And that's where you'd say, "He shall lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. He's the healer of all my diseases. By his stripes, I'm healed. Yes. It's in your declaration of independence. You say, "Well, brother Michael, I'm in desperate need. I need his help. I need the Lord." Well, just go to article number Psalms 12:21, sorry, 2:8. My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth. Amen. He will not suffer by thy foot to be moved. He that keepeth thee will not suffer. Behold, slumber. Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep. The Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is thy shade upon thy right hand. The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil. He shall preserve thy soul. The Lord shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, even for ever more. My help cometh from him. My help cometh from the Lord, the writer and the center of my declaration. Hallelujah. As we come to a close, at least I try to. Now I'm going to descend. You know, when a husband and wife unite, there's something that happens. Everything that the husband has becomes hers. This is what union does, you know, in engagement and when they're seeing each other before and they're getting to know each other, she has no claim on nothing. Nothing. And he actually don't have much. He doesn't got no responsibility. You know those awkward times when the first time he he pays for her lunch, it's like, well, I kind of want to pay for her, but it's kind of weird, maybe. It's a friend. She's like, "I've been paying for my own." It's It's that I'm just going from experience. It's kind of that awkward moment that first time you're like, "No, I got it. You know, you want to be the man." "Yeah, I got your I got your lunch." And she's like, "Well, no, it's okay. We're not in her mind." She's like, "No, we're not there yet." And he's like, "Well, I really hope we're there. No, we're not. I'll pay for my own lunch. Thank you." You know, but you know, if the relationship is is to be, it progresses a little bit and he kind of starts to take, you know, more and more, but he doesn't have to. and and and and she and she has no claim on it's like, "Hey, pay for me, will you?" She's like, "I'm not even married to you yet. We're not even engaged. What are you doing? What this whole thing's off?" No, that's not it. It just kind of slowly gets there. But the moment they come to an altar, the moment they come into union, the moment they are united as one, everything changes. Everything. When she comes to that moment, he now assumes all her needs, everything. There's no way he can disassociate himself from it. And she has all claim. Honey, I have a great need. And he says, "Here I am. I am everything you need. All that I have. My whole kingdom is yours. Not even up to half. Everything. Everything changes there. So the resources of your husband is at your disposal. Amen. She don't beg no more. Can I please get a hundred bucks? No, that's not how God works. Well, I put you on a budget, hun. Uh, looks like you're stuck to uh $10 more dollars this month and you're getting ain't no more food for this house. And if the kids starve, tough luck. I don't know if you're running home that way. That's all right. I'm not here. That's the pastor's job. But I know my God. Don't run my union with him as my husband, as his bride. He don't run that with me. Say, "Oh, God, I'm in need. I've been here before. I'm needing you greatly this morning. My household or or my this or my job or I'm in a need of this. I'm in great financial need. I need a job. Oh, God. Would you come? Would you provide for me? My family, my my loved ones have gone astray. I need you to step and intervene." Well, you've been here before in prayer, and I've heard you time and time again, and it's just done and over. All right. No, that is not how it works. All the resources of heaven are at your disposal. Thank you, Lord. Brother Brandham says in a quote, he says, "Now, brethren, when the brethren receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, this is the summit. This is all of it." He says, "But brethren, that's wrong. There's no summit to God's power. We move on and on. It's the unlimited resources of God has never been tapped. Yet blessings and power that we know nothing about. I say get on your knees. I say cry out to your husband that you've united with. Say, "Oh God, you're the untapped resource. I need more." He says, "I have it. I have it." You haven't even begun to tap into the resources of glory. Amen. It's at your disposal. But have you asked him recently? Don't be shy. Don't be bashful. Maybe like Jehoshaphat, you need to cry out. So, oh God, I need your intervention right now. He's just waiting. You know when blind Barameus was there at the gate and he was going to cry out the crowd is shouting and yelling and Baram speaks about him being distance away Barameus voice could never get through the crowd and he says that faith reached out to him. I just wonder God knows all things and he must have been walking away and he's like two one zero there it is finan waiting for the cry. I just wonder whose cry he's waiting for right now. He knows this is welling up like Jehoshaphat's cry. And you come to that moment and say, "Oh, God." Maybe not audibly, but maybe from here, from your heart, you start to cry out cuz he's here. He's here to answer your need. I don't serve a God that's disappeared since Calvary. I don't believe in a God that disappeared since 1965. I don't believe a God that disappeared since yesterday. He's here today. He's here today. A limitless God. Oh my, I just got too much here. I need to move on. My I'm so sorry. what that union does. You know, when there's union, inside of that bride is certain potentials and inside of the groom is certain potentials, but they can't be made manifest until there's a union. They can sit there dormant for so long. And inside is better brand scriptures, there was the promised seed inside of Abraham. But it needed to become manifest. It was sitting there. And there were certain attributes of Sarah, but they needed to be combined. And there's attributes in him that he needs you to be made manifest throughout. That's right. That's what this message came here at this hour to bring a union. Brother Brandham even says in a quote, he says that Jesus, there were certain parts of his ministry that he could not fulfill and he's left it for you. That to me is powerful. And I've thought about that here. Jesus Christ, the creator said, "No, there's a portion of my ministry that I need to leave to my bride." Amen. What a responsibility you have to now complete the ministry of Jesus Christ living in flesh today. Amen. That puts a responsibility on our shoulders. Say, Lord, that that's what you're asking of me. Yes. Because every bride walks, wherever she walks, she carries the identity of her husband. She represents him everywhere she goes. And you represent him everywhere you go. I'll even read this scripture as we wind down here now. the kingdom of heaven and all of its power. Think about the kingdom of heaven and all of its power. That's a big phrase because my mind actually stops somewhere. What is all the power of heaven? Luke 17:20 says, "And when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of heaven of God should come, he answered them and said, 'The kingdom of God cometh not with observation. Neither shall they say, low here or low there, for behold, the kingdom of God is within you." God has placed all the power of heaven in you. That is to me powerful. Satan took Jesus up on the mountain. Abraham said showed him all the kingdoms of the world. He said Jesus said, "Get thee hence behind me, Satan." That's right. He wasn't he wasn't care. He said, "If the kingdom of this world, I could call legions of angels, but my kingdom is not of this world, but my kingdom is in heaven." And he said, "The kingdom of God will be within you." So therefore, the legions and powers of the backing of the holy angels, he says, "Hallelujah is in you." Was born into the deity of Christ by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Yes sir. Who are you this morning? Who is Christ Jesus? He's in you as much as you'll let him be. He's pressing, trying to get into you, to move into you today. And you stand off and wonder and look and gaze and hold back a little. Don't do that. He said, "Move straight into the kingdom of God." The hour is here. The hour for the power of Almighty God, all of heaven's forces, the angels, and the power thereof is right here, pressing into you and me to say, "Go be my representation. be my bride. Finish my ministry. [Applause] That's what the union has come to do. To get you to remember where you came from so that you and all the power of heaven can end this final age with your shoulders back. Young people walking in a gross darkness and say, "I'm sorry, devil, but you cannot have me because I'm a son of God. Abraham says, "Listen closely. The kingdom of God is his word made power." If you want to put that down, he says, "The kingdom of God is God's word made power." What is the kingdom of God? Is within you. The kingdom's in you. And when the word comes in, what does the word begin? It turns itself into power, making it say just exactly what it said. Amen. That's why he says, "Take no thought for what you should say because he is the power within you that is making sure you say what it said." You know, I think of all the resources of the enemy's kingdom. Satan needs a vessel. Legion was a vessel that he could express his demonic power through for a period of time. Pharisees were a vessel to express his religious demonic powers. Caesar was a vessel to express political demonic powers. They were all Satan's powers uniting with a vessel to express the attributes from in Satan's kingdom. And if that's how Satan works, we know that that's the perversion of how God manifests because God is desiring a uniting. God is desiring to manifest his own power. And if Satan has billions and billions of people to manifest his attributes through willing, they're willing to unite with that power. And you look at all of those, they're they're they're given over in such desire and they give themselves heart, soul, everything they have, and they throw themselves into everything that Satan is drawing them towards. I thought, "Oh, God, if that's what Satan's people are willing to and desiring to unite, surely there's a people." What about the vessels of God that are desiring with everything within them to say, "Oh God, I desire to unite with the Christ, the son of the living God, be expressed through me." Oh, I sure hope God isn't short changed that he's like, "Is there is there one? Is there just is there two Satan all through the world? Billions of people that he's just expressing through. Look at that. Look at that attribute." And God is saying, "Is there anybody willing to give themselves so surrendered, so surrendered to set aside everything of this world? I desire union. I've come with this age. I've come with this message. I've brought a prophet down your down in your day. I've preserved all that he said. There's a voice in this hour so that you could know where you came from. So that you could desire. Is anybody prerecting your heart?" God is saying, "Anybody, anybody, do you desire to unite with me?" And I can imagine Satan strutting through all humanity saying, "Look at all mine. Look at all mine." He said, "Lord, this morning, if you could walk through this little service, you can say, "Look at all mine. Look at all mine. The fairest of 10,000. their beauty beyond no beauty. I said, Lord, that's what I want to be identified with. I just want to surrender it all. I want you to be able to unite with this being, this vessel, this soul crying out, oh God, in this last day. I don't want any area of my life. If I need to shutter it, I need to cast this aside or that aside or this interest or that interest. I need to check my gauges. Lord, I want you to have full access to everything this being can be. Empty me out so that you may pour in. That's my cry this morning as we stand this morning. Is that your cry? Is that your desire? Say, "Oh God, I want to be a willing vessel. I want to I desire, Lord, that there's something I need a uniting awaken to me my identity this morning." If that's your crying, you call out to him. Maybe you need to be like a Jehoshaphat this morning and say, "Oh God, I'm in a fix this morning. I'm in a situation. Can you just please help me if that's your need? You just pray to him. I don't need to pray for you. I'll pray, but you pray too. You say, "Lord, this is my need." Why don't you bow your heads this morning? Heavenly Father, Lord, there indeed is billions and billions of people and Satan has his hands on so many. And Lord, it's like he has just full access to to all the things of this world and to present his enticements. But Lord, there is indeed a people. It's a small little group. Your prophet said a little, very, very, very few. Because Lord, you've chosen a little elect lady to be a representation of your pure word in this hour. Lord, we lift our hands as we see the world is uniting. Rome is uniting. The Aoda churches are uniting. If that's in the negative, there's got to be the positive that's happening. You're bright around this world. We're not uniting on our ideas. We're not uniting on some false idea what this message is. We're uniting on the true word alone. on what this word pure word of the hour Lord cast aside we cast aside everything that's contrary to your word this morning and may you have your way move and deal Lord I pray amongst your people that Lord we could be so surrendered your prophet oh what an example he was that he was so surrendered that Lord you could work through him Lord we're not prophets but we're your bride and we desire oh that you could complete the ministry that Lord you've given to us to complete in this last stage, Lord, that we could be eternal life, bearers of eternity, Lord, amongst the dark hour. I commit your people, Lord, into your hand. May you bless them this morning. Would you touch their hearts in Jesus Christ's holy name? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you, Lord. Oh, don't you appreciate the word of the Lord today? This is your house. Let's sing it together. Father, come and dwell. This is your house, a holy house. Well, the lost and the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and [Music] dwell. Let's just worship him now. We dedicate this temple to you Lord. We dedicate this temple Lord. Let your glory fill. Let it fill your sanctuary. Be enthroned in the praise of your people. Lord, we agree. In what? In unity. In unity. Everybody now. This is your house. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house, oh Lord God. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the [Music] lonely remember. Yes. All your cares. This is your house. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. Thank you Lord Jesus. Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit overflow. Overflow this place. Oh granted our God. Oh decorate our homes with grace with mercy. Let healing and let healing and redemption find search. Lord, have your way. Have your way. Thank you, Jesus. We humbly praise you, Lord. This is your house, oh God. We dedicate our lives, Father. Our bodies and lives are so warm. This is your house. Hallelujah Jesus. Thank you Lord. Holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring your burdens to him and all your cares visit your house. This is your house. This is your house. Amen. And we're going to have you, if you would, to just lay your hand over on the person standing there by you on the shoulder. Take him by the hand. If you don't feel comfortable, if it's a sister or whatever, you can move if you'd like. Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If you notice, he didn't just limit it to the preachers. Only God knows how many sick are here today. Maybe how many weary. Maybe some of you that are facing decisions in your life and you feel the spirit of God spoke to you this morning from what you heard. Now remember, Brother Michael and I did not sit down and talk together. Now, Brother Michael preached this, preach that, preach something else. But I know as the pastor, God used our brother here today to speak the very secrets of people's hearts. That's the discernment I believe in in this hour. The word is a discerner. Let's just pray for each other, shall we? Heavenly Father, as your prophet would have the people to do this multiple times and he would say eagle to eagle, believer to believer, Lord God, you see the needs of your children today. Hundreds of your people gathered here in this place. We believe that you've spoken to us. Lord, you spoke to me. I believe that you spoke to many, many more. Oh Jesus, we as American citizens, for those of us who are as our brother brought it so beautifully to us, Lord, our Declaration of Independence and Lord, our Bill of Rights and all that's given to us as believers, it parallels spiritually of what you've done for us. Oh God, I pray for your children today. Lord, in the name of Jesus, for those who are sick and need healing in their body, those who are oppressed of the devil, we say to your enemy and our enemy, take your hands off of God's property in the name of Jesus, sickness and disease and anxiety and suicide, may it leave the children of God right now in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, maybe there's some here today and they've tried and tried to press through and they just can't break it. But may the chain be broken right here today in the presence of Almighty God. Father, we pray for one another. Lord, for the young, for the elderly, for the sick, for the weary, whatever they are. We don't want to just limit it now to the visible audience, but for those who have streamed, those who go back and archive. Lord, may the power of God just fill their car so much they'll have to pull over on the side of the road while the anointing of the Holy Ghost comes inside their car, inside their home, inside their office. Lord Jesus, you see your bride has so many needs in this hour. May the glory of God overshadow the earth. Minister to the needs of your wife, heavenly father. Heal those that are sick. Deliver those that are bound. Oh granted I pray father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and the saints of God said thank you. Hallelujah. Oh we worship you Lord Jesus. Can we just lift our hands now in the presence of our great king. Whatever you had need of just tell him I receive it right now Lord. I receive healing of this cancer in my body this tumor. Whatever it is, in the name of Jesus, may it leave my body right now in Jesus Christ's name. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We worship you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Whatever's on your heart. Amen. Praise be to God. Don't you love him today, saints? What an honor it is for us to be together in the presence of God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. We say to our guests today, brothers and sisters, we thank you for staying over different ministers I know that's here today. And I was thinking as our brother was speaking about things that bring us together and the school from from Cloverdale had brought uh many of these people here this weekend and they come together for what purpose to be able to see their children be able to graduate and give their appreciation to the teachers and all that. But I was thinking what a greater thing we have to come together the revealed word of this hour that God has given us. And we will fight for our rights. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. All we can do is pray for our Canadian brothers and sisters that maybe they'll become our 51st state. A minute. I'm just saying, you know, just Amen. It breaks your heart as an American citizen to see what our nation was and what it has become. I pray to God that one day we don't look back with regret and look at our message and say, "This is what we had 30 years ago, 40 years ago, and look at what we are now. We're worldly. We're powerless. We're this or that. God forbid that that ever happens. God forbid that that ever happens. It's up to us whether it does or not. It's totally up to us as the people of God. What do we want it to be? To me, we'll still need the same power. We still need the same resurrection, the same Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you. Harry, sing something for us. Let's just sing a little bit before we go. There's two times that a preacher wants to preach. That's when a preacher gets up and can't preach. when a preacher gets up and can preaches something. You know which one that was today. Thank you, brother Michael. God bless you. We're so appreciate you being here. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. I give myself away. Yes, Lord. Let's just sing this before we go, can we? I give myself away. So you there's anything you can't I give myself away. [Music] I don't have much Lord. You can take it, Father. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hand. Lord, I'm going to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself [Laughter] [Applause] away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away. know you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a livinging sacriice. Oh my. Oh yes Lord I place him in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away. Oh, you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use [Music] me. My life is not my own. To you I belong. Lord I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is not my own to you. I belong. Lord I give myself. Amen. I give myself. Mean it with all your heart as we sing it. Hallelujah. is not mine. My life is not mine, Lord Jesus. You I belong. I give myself. I give myself to you. I give myself away. Hallelujah. Make your offering to him this morning. Raise your hands there. Give Jesus the offering of yourself. He don't want your money. He don't want your car. He wants you. Give yourself to it. Oh, grab it, Lord God. Give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Lord, I don't know how much more life I have left over. How much strength I have, God, but I give it to you. Take me, Lord. Take every person here for granted. Lord, I give myself away. So you can use me. Our father, we thank you for this weekend. We're so grateful that we could be able to spend time together. Some of these graduates, Lord, the farthest traveled was a family from New Zealand, some from the east, some from out west, some from Canada, different places. For some of them, it was the first time in life they had ever met. And in my mind, I think of what your prophet said. One of these days, hallelujah, we will get together with the rest of the group and we will come up missing on the earth. the resurrection will take place. And he he called it a sweep that would come over us and in a moment we'll be changed and we're getting together with the rest of the group, Lord. People that we've never met, people that we've not even known in life, but we're getting together in another dimension. And he said, we come up missing on the earth. Then we know it won't be long. We'll be traveling like a salt. Father, may there not be a one of us missing, Lord. Oh, we believe that's a prayer that's according to your word. For every name is written in that lamb's book of life. Not a one has ever been taken out, or shall they ever be. We may never gather again quite like this, but Lord Jesus, we're longing for that time when we'll gather together up at your house. Go with those, Father, that'll be traveling back, flying, driving, whatever they will be. Give them of your traveling mercy until we meet together again, if not in this life, before your throne, Lord. Granted, I pray in the name of Jesus. Amen. God bless you. Would you just turn around, shake hands with somebody, two or three people around you there, it's been good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. God bless you. God bless each of you. Thank you for coming and spending this time with us here in Tennessee. We're so grateful to have all of you. Sing again, every whatever is on your heart. God bless you. Let's sing together as we go and you'll be dismissed in the fear of God. Come. Hallelujah. Sweet Jesus. Yes, Lord. Come take me away. I really don't belong here now. I want to see your face. Come sweet [Music] Jesus, come take me away. I really want to see you, Lord. Jesus, come to come. Sweet Jesus, take me from this [Music] place. I really don't belong here now. I want to see your face. Come, sweet Jesus. Come take me away. Oh, I really want to see you, Lord. Jesus, come today. Lord, you made me happy. And Lord, you've been so good. Lord, you turn my life around when I didn't think you could. Now I love this life of mine. I love each passing day. Oh, but with every breath I take inside my heart I say. Oh, come sweet Jesus. Take me from this place. I really don't belong here now. I want to see your face. Oh, come sweet Jesus. Come take me away. I really want to see you, Lord. Jesus come today. Lord, we are your people preparing now to be the bride pure and holy for all the world to see. [Music] Come in clouds of angels, take us all away to the place that you've prepared a neverending day. Glory cry come sweet Jesus take me from this [Music] place I really don't belong here now I want to see your face come sweet Jesus oh Come take me [Music] away. I really want to see you, Lord. Jesus, come today. Oh, come sweet Jesus. Take me [Applause] from [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause]
