################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-02 - Youth Q&A Part 27 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-02
Title:   Youth Q&A Part 27
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cunb6TYRzzQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Are [Music] you down? [Music] Oh, when I'm in need. I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. He won't forget his oho. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Oh, wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there's no storm, too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Let's stand tonight now. When you're in trouble, Jehovah Ni, the great enforcer, God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come. Not the way that you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. Just stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Oh my God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Now when I'm in need, I'll call on the Lord. And he hears me. Yes, he helps me. For he is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. You'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. Oh, there's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. And there's no stone too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love of story. Amen. Can you give a hand clap of praise tonight? You happy to be Amen. There's no prayer request, but Brother Jonathan, if you would invite the Lord here tonight. [Music] Let's pray. Lord Jesus, thank you for uh this day, Lord, and just the honor of being able to live for you another day and to come together and spend this time with you. And we could be young people anywhere else, but Father, you've allowed us, Lord, you've ordained us to be here, Lord. And we're just so grateful for that. We pray that you would bless our pastor as he comes and brings these answers that you've led him to find in your word and that it would just be the answer in our hearts, Lord, to draw us closer to you, Lord. And that's what we want, not not to just show what we know, Lord, but truly just to know you better. We just pray that you bless this evening in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's my champion of love. Amen. as we sing that tonight. Now, ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I would like to introduce to you. Oh, in this corner of the good and the [Music] right. Oh, stands a champion rolled in wide. His height exceeds the heavens. His weight outweighs the world. His reach reach is everywhere and his age is ever more. He is higher than the highest. He's greater than the great. No one will ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Now he left his hometown to this [Music] arena to raise his hands in victory for you and me. As an angry crowd cried, "Crucify this king who wore their crown." [Music] And they gladly watch my champion going down. Oh, but I will never count him out. For I'm a witness of that day he rose to reclaim the title chair. of love. He is higher than the highest. He's greater than the grave. No one will ever take his crown away. And he's more mighty than the mightiest. for he reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Oh, he's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Amen. He knows my name. As brother Donnie would uh take the platform [Music] tonight. We count the stars. one and all. He knows how much sand is on the shores. He sees every sparrow that [Music] falls. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything, of all creatures, great and small. And he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I'll cry. He knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain and can't see the light of day, I know I'll be just fine. Cuz he knows my name. I don't know what tomorrow may bring. I can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. I don't have all the answers to the questions of life. But I know in whom I have believed that he knows my name. Every step that I take. Aren't you glad of that? Every move that I make, every tear that I'll cry. And he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain and I can't see the light of day, I know I'll be just fine. Cuz he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, can't see the light of day, I know I'll be [Music] just. Aren't you glad he does? And he knows what you have need of here tonight. You have a sickness. You have a depression in your spirit, a sadness, a question maybe that you don't have the answer to. He's so big and so awesome that he holds all this universe by the power of his words. And yet us little small minute creatures on the earth. And he knows every one of us. He knows our faults, our flaws, our shortcomings. That's wonderful. That makes him great. But to me, what makes him great, even greater than that, is he can love us with all of those faults and those flaws. And he doesn't just see us as we currently are in our crippled up state spiritually, but he knows what we will be when time is over. It's a privilege for us to be gathered together tonight, isn't it? Anybody got a request on your heart before we pray? just like to raise your hand there before the Lord. Heavenly Father, we believe these words that we have sung tonight are not just a nice melody and put together by someone who wrote the song and made it sound very pretty, but we believe it's a great fundamental truth that we as your people hold dear to our hearts. before the foundation of the world, you knew what man would choose. And as we looked at it last night that Paul said, "You who were rich became poor that we through your poverty might be made rich." And of course, we know he wasn't just talking about you didn't have houses or lands or cattle or gold or silver, but you were made poor and that you come to the earth and you were born a human being like us without God in your soul. Hallelujah. And you become that because that's the way we all would be born. We were poor. We were lost as we would say and seemingly beyond redemption. But you become poor in that you walked on this earth for 30 years. For 30 years. and until your baptism that day when the father came inside you and you become a rich man. So we Lord, some of us were 12, some maybe 25, some 30. We were in this world and we had nothing but you called us to yourself, filled us with your life, your goodness, and your mercy. And since that moment, we have been some of the wealthiest people on the earth. And for that, we are grateful. We might not have $20 in our wallet tonight or these sisters in their purse, but if we have you, we are the richest people on the face of the earth. We've come again tonight, Lord, that we could be enriched again by your presence and by your word. For we know that we understand you greater as you quicken our hearts to your word. So speak to us tonight. Would you Lord help me to get out of the way? Speak through me the words of life. I pray in the name of Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're calling this questions and answers, but for several services, it's been one question and many answers. And tonight, it's going to be the same question with more answers. So maybe we'll eventually get off this one question, but I'm not ready in any hurry because the more I study this, the more it has been such a blessing to me. You can remain uh standing there and I'll read the question and then we'll go straight into the scripture. Can you explain why brother Brandham is a vindicated prophet and why the message is correct? I have a difficult time speaking to why I believe what I believe. I have a difficult time speaking to why I believe what I believe. God bless you. You may be seated. No doubt we're probably more misunderstood because of this general concept of what the consensus of this question is over this over a lot of the things that we do believe. because it seems so strange to many Christians in this day when you would talk about a prophet. But yet, as I've looked back through the Bible and uh looking at this question and seeing all the scriptures and the verses that refer to prophet, prophets, prophecy, prophetic, and all of these different words, it really makes me wonder um why more people actually don't believe in a prophet because it's all through the scripture. So I'd like to begin tonight with 1st Samuel chapter 3 verse 1. Now this is a special dispensation here where we will begin reading because it had come from the time of Abraham and had come from the time of Moses and it was kind of a different time for the children of Israel and they were crying and seeking God and reaching out to the Lord. And you remember the life of course of Samuel how that his mother was desiring a child and God answered that prayer and 1st Samuel 3:1 and the child Samuel ministered unto the Lord before Eli and the word of the Lord was precious in those days. Now listen why the word of the Lord was precious in those days and this is the reason why it was. There was no open vision. No open vision. Now remember they already had writings of of the Torah. So they done had the Ten Commandments. They had various things that they could read. So why was the word of the Lord precious in those days? Well, actually it's for the same reason that it was in our day because God had given them the law. And what did the law contain? Thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. Thou shalt not. If you do this, I'll do this. But if you don't obey my word, I'll cast you out of the land. I'll curse you. I'll turn all your enemies against you. So on and so on and so on. So, they needed something that would help them in the hour that they were currently living. Now, they did not do away with the Torah, which is the first five books of Moses. They didn't now once Samuel's going to become the prophet of God, they didn't say, "We don't we don't any longer even need that." But it was like there was a cry in their hearts that God had something more for them. Not to do away with what they already had. But it seemed that there was something that God wanted to refresh the truth of the hour of where they were. I love the meanings of this words that the author of the book of Samuel wrote. And the child Samuel ministered unto the Lord before Eli. And the word of the Lord was precious in those days. There was no open vision. Now look at the word open. What it means to break through. Burst out to break open. So something had to come open. So the word of the Lord was precious in those days because there was no breakthrough of a vision from God. And look at the word vision. It means in a static state, oracle, prophecy, divine communication. But now wait a minute. They done had Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, rather, Leviticus, Deuteronomy, five great books. My, it was wonderful the things that they had historically. They already had some different things of what God had done by their forefathers. Why in the world are they needing more? Why would they be hungering and thirsting and we know that the deep calls to the deep? So, there must have been something more for them or they would have never hungered for it. You agree with that? I'm sure if they had everything they needed, then they could have just reread the same books that their forefathers had read before and it would have given them everything that they needed. But somehow it's as if though they sensed in their spirits that God had something more that he wanted to make known to them. And truly, it was a change of dispensation. Now, remember, Eli was a priest and he had some sons. And I'm telling you right now, them boys was bad boys. They was not following in the line of their father. They was not following in the line of the Torah. And they were just totally rebellious. They was taking bribes. It was awful the way these guys were living. And Hannah brought her little her little boy. I mean, like 2 years old. You imagine this woman takes her little boy two years old when he's weaned and and brings him there to the house of God and said I told God if he'd give me a son I'd give him back to him. So here she brings her little boy into the presence of God. God had a reason for that. So Samuel was reared under the oposes of the presence of God. Not but not with a prophetic understanding only priest priestly mentality. So it was worship it was sacrifice it was methodical over and over and over again you do the same thing you pray the same way you say the same prayers you offer the same sacrifice but there was no open vision. So there was no estasy there was no astatic move of God. It was totally methodical. So if you missed three weeks, you hadn't really missed anything cuz they're going to do the same thing over and over again. But yet here Samuel had a call that was beyond a priesthood. He probably didn't even know what it was for many years. So there was a hunger. There was a thirst. And what was precious was the ability for someone to receive the open word of God to have a breakthrough or a burst out or a break open. Now let's read again Proverbs 29 verse 18. Where there is no vision, the people perish. Now listen again to the meanings of this words. I mentioned this to you the last time that we had this uh question answer is that so many people this is a very common scripture that is used especially among the charismatics and those of this modern day and you'll see this all the time on a lot of websites as well and they quote this really without even knowing what it even means and they'll they'll they'll use this as their vision where there is no vision the people perish but let's actually read it in the way that it's written again It's the very same word that we read in the book of Samuel. So the word vision there is vision in a static state oracle or prophecy divine communication. So what are we talking about then? When there is no ability for divine communication from the earth to heaven and from heaven back to the earth, the people perish. And then they make fun of us and laugh at us because we say we need a prophet. Well, here the children of Israel were in that same state and they needed a divine channel of communication. Now I know you know this but let me say it to you again. I cannot be this type of a position. Neither can any other evangelist in the message, any other teacher in the message, any other great great ministry. This is only through one fold of God's chosen ministry and that is a prophet. Now this is where it stumbles people. And the prophet tells us in the church age book that the power of infallibility would be restored in the last day. Now remember, no individual has that power of infallibility on their own. It's given to people when God will give it to them. And it only comes to one office and that is a prophet. And this is the reason why where there is no vision the people perish. Listen what they will do. Let loose, avoid, neglect, be loosened of restraint. Boy, if that don't describe the Leodysian church age. So what have they done? They have let loose of all standards. They don't know what a woman is anymore. They don't know what a man is. They don't know what's right, what's wrong, what's truth, what's error, what church is why right, what preacher is right. Why? You see, we would be exactly the same way if God had not sent us one that had the ability to catch vision. Now you see when God chose to go this way, he knew that it would only be just in certain seasons that he would do it. There would be many, many more priests than the wood prophets. In this modern day, there will be multiplied thousands of pastors. A lot of them true, a lot of them not. A lot of them that would be claimed to be apostles or teachers or so on. But God knew he don't need thousands of prophets. Actually, all he needs is one for a church age messenger. That one can catch the divine communication from God for what God has for that church age. And then all the others that are God called will go out from under that man's ministry and they will preach what he got directly from God. To me, it's as beautiful and as simple as it can be. But without a vision, the people perish again. They perish. They let loose. They become a void. They neglect to be loosened of restraint. Now, we're going to stick mainly tonight with the scripture. I want to do this so you'll know and anybody else that will stream this that we are a Biblebased church. And this message is a Biblebased message. That is not someone's opinion. We can prove what we believe by the Bible. And the youth said 1st Samuel 28:6. When Saul inquired of the Lord, the Lord answered him not. Now notice the dispensation where they are in the way that divine communication could come to an individual like a king. So when Saul inquired of the Lord, the Lord answered him not, neither by dreams nor by urum nor by prophets. Now the dreams of course is in the subconscious to where God would be able to project. It would be what they would call a dream or a night vision. And it would be not in symbolism where it would need to be interpreted, but it would be a dream that would be plain and simple and would not need someone else to interpret it. Or urum. Y'all remember what the urum thumbum is? Well, it was the breastplate that God gave Moses the direction to make. It was to be worn upon the high priest. So he would take so many stones up on what? Up the left side and up the right side. It was actually the birthstones of the tribes of the children of Israel. Now whenever they would question about a certain thing, they're going to fight a fight against the Philistines and they would ask the Lord. So the breastplate would be there upon the priest and they would say to the Lord, "Lord, shall we go up against the Philistines?" And God chose a way without a prophet being there. And by answering this, so a supernatural light would come and strike those stones on the high priest. So it would start flashing up and down and those lights would merge together and make a pattern of a rainbow. And they would know that was an answer from God. You know why? They didn't have no electricity in them days. They didn't have no LED lights. So God supernaturally lit the birthstones and it would go up and down, up and down. Then they'd say, "Okay, so shall Judah go forth first? Shall Issachar?" So they'd call one name after another after another. Whichever tribe God wanted to go first, and they would call a tribal name, and they'd give a pause, and they would say, "Ruben, nothing." They would say it's a car, nothing. And then they'd say Judah. And if Judah was God's choice after the name, the light supernatural would come like that again. And they knew Judah was to lead the charge. So Saul had sought God and he'd asked about a dream. Nothing. So it went before the UM. And also God's other way of communication was prophets. No dream, no answer by flashing lights, no prophets. Notice again verse 15. And Samuel said to Saul, "Why hast thou disqued me?" Now you remember the setting that the witch of Endor actually was able to go down into paradise. And I don't want to go over your head with this, but the blood of Jesus had not been shed yet. So the souls of the righteous did not go up, they went down. So it was next door to the regions of the lost, a place called paradise. So this witch was abled by her spirit to go down and pull up and summons the spirit of Samuel and actually calls Samuel out. And he appeared in a visible form in so much that Saul looked right at him and he knew who he was. And this witch screamed and she said, "You are King Saul." because Saul had ordered that all witches be killed. So this woman by demonic power was able to call the prophet and Saul looked at him and Samuel still was a prophet because he prophesied and said by this time tomorrow you and your sons will be with me. Now sing. God chose this way. And Saul answered and said, "I am sore distressed. For the Philistines make war against me, and God is departed from me, and answerest me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams. Therefore have I called thee, that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do." Now this is the way Israel was founded upon this basis that they believe God used prophets and Christianity is supposed to be on what we classify Judeo-Christian. But how many Christians today don't even believe in prophets? You know why? They're not on the Judeo-Christian foundation. So they look at us and think, "Why in the world would you believe in prophets?" And we look back at them and say, "Why in the world wouldn't you not believe in prophets?" What I don't understand is they all believe according to Matthew 24:24 that there will be false prophets. But we're some of the own the very few that believe in order to be false. There's got to be a real one somewhere. Amen. If not, the false ones would be the real ones. Is that right? Now watch. 2 Kings 17:13. Yet the Lord testified against Israel and against Judah, notice his channel, by all the prophets, and by all the seers, saying, "Turn ye from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes according to the law, which I commanded your fathers, and which I sent to you by my servants, the prophets." One of the true signs of a prophet of God, he will always point to people back to God's word, never to himself. A true prophet will never form an anti-word movement. He will never lead people to follow him. He will point the people right back to the word. Notice again in verse 23, until the Lord removed Israel out of his sight, as he had said, notice how God talked as he had said by all his servants, the prophets. So if God was going to say anything, he said it by prophets. Why is this so hard for people to grasp? It's right in their Bible. As he said by all his servants, the prophets, "So was Israel carried away out of their own land to Assyria unto this day." You see, true prophets not only spoke blessings, but they also spoke cursings, which lets you know a lot of these modernday so-called prophets are not prophets from God. Because our time handing out blessings, send us $100 and you'll be blessed. Zero from zero leaves nothing. Nothing from nothing leaves nothing. Seow a seed. Sow $500 and God will bless you. You know right there it's a false prophet. Notice again 2 Kings 21:10. And the Lord spake by his servants the prophets saying because Manasseh king of Judah hath done these abominations and have done wickedly above all the Amorites did which are before him and has made Judah also to sin with his idols. Therefore, thus saith the Lord, God of Israel, behold, I am bringing such evil upon Jerusalem. Now listen young people. The same God that said they would get the land is now the same God that's using prophets to tell them because of your sin and rebellion. Thus sayaeth the Lord this land will be taken from you. It's a mystery that the Jews still to this day do not understand. Even though they have these prophets, but they still don't understand the diaspora. Anybody know what that means? The diaspora is is a Greek for dispersing. So, it was the dispersing of the Jews. Of course, it happened in in Nebuchadnezzar's time. It also happened again and several times down through the ages and happened again the last major time whenever the Romans come in and took over. And they look at it and are trying to still understand it today. But it was because of their own sin. And who did God use to tell them? Not television evangelist, but prophets. Prophets. Therefore, thus saith the Lord God of Israel, I am bringing such evil upon Jerusalem and Judah that whosoever heareth of it, both his ears shall tingle. First Kings 24:2. And the Lord sent against him bands of the Chaldes and bands of the Syrians and bands of the Moabites. You mean to tell me God sent these evil, wicked, sinful people? his people. My goodness, you realize how blessed we are to sit under this revealed word of the hour. But you see, if we turn away from that word, oh my goodness, can't you see why those who walk away from this message, many of them become more decrepit. It's amazing how fast they erode and rotten. Brother Brandham one time he was down in Kentucky down hunting with a friend of mine, Brother Charlie Cox, and there was a lot of hills and hollers there and Brother Brandham had went over to a certain place to hunt and there was a big gigantic beach tree. Anybody know what a beach tree is? A beach tree is a very, very hard tree, but the grain of a beach is not very pretty. So, it's not used very much as far as for decorative type of tree, but they will use it and then they'll overlay it with a real nice veneer like walnut, mahogany, a crotched veneer or something like that. But it's a very very hard tree. So, Brother Random was going hunting and he jumped up on the side of a log and when he did a big chunk of that tree broke off. Now this tree was laying in a branch what he called a branch which was a stream of water. Now we said how how this tree become to this spot. So for years this beach had stood there by this stream of water and his great taproots had went down into the ground and stabilized him himself through all the winds as they would howl up and down those hollers. And boy, they can get some strong winds there in Kentucky. And those great roots would branch out and the tap roots, they grow straight down and sometimes with an angle to to make a stability around that tree because they can become massive in size and in height and girth as well. But something had happened to that tree. The life had won out of it. Now the very same water that nourished that tree and give it strength and vitality and growth as long as life was in it once the life left the tree and then the tree fell over and crashed and laid right there in the same water. And now that same water was rottening that tree. And the prophet took that and he said, "Preach the message. How can I overcome?" And he said, "Christians that are set out beside the water and they're not alive and they're not growing and being what God wants them to be, they will rot twice as quick." So, a message young person or a message adult that becomes cold and lifeless and dead and they start going toward the world and the things of the world. I've seen it with my own eyes many times and they will rotten, brother Jonathan, twice as quick as a Baptist young person that just turns away from their Baptist theology. Why? because them denominations don't have the stream of life that we do. Oh, and he said struggle, struggle to keep life in you. So, the blessings and the benefits that comes with again a prophet's message that comes to us as the people of God, but only if we keep life in us. Oh my, aren't you glad we can notice again now the Lord sent the Chaldans, the bands of the Syrians, bands of the Moabites, bands of the children of Ammon, and sent them against Judah. Judah, Judah, the one that Shiloh was promised to come from Judah. The Messiah would come through Judah. Oh my. According to the word of the Lord which he spake, which he spake, God using the mouth of humans. Notice the way these authors wrote this. It was as if these men were so submitted to God that God could use their mouths and they couldn't say anything else. You see, that's the power of infallibility that will strike a prophet. Now, it's amazing the way that it works because the spirit of God could move upon Elijah and he could prophesy true things that would come to pass. And the spirit of God would move off of Elijah. And then Elijah would run scared because of Jezebel. And Elijah would tell the Lord, "They've killed everybody. They've killed all your prophets and they ain't nobody left but me." But that was not the truth, was it? Yes, sir. As a matter of fact, he said it several times and finally God told him, "I've got 7,000 that never never even bowed the knee to Baal." How could he say that? Because the power of infallibility never anointed him to say that part. He was a human being running for his life, scared to death. Isn't it amazing how the power of infallibility would grab a hold of the mouths of these men? And they were made when it was there so they could not say anything else. But thus saith the Lord. Now look at me good tonight, young people. I don't have that. Nor does any other pastor in this message. nor does any other evangelist or any other teacher. Many of you, I've been your pastor since you were born. You've heard me preach a lot of sermons. You ain't never heard me preach a perfect one. And you never will. I'll misquote quotes. I misquote scriptures. Not intentionally. It's that human element that's there. And think of it that God so committed his word to men, people like us. So God used the prophets, notice in 2 Chronicles 29:25, and he set the Levites in the house of the Lord with symbols. I want you to notice how that God even committed the order of divine worship through the leadership of his prophets. Now listen to this carefully. You can see why Leodysia has no direction on how they should worship. So they will merge rock and roll. They will merge all kinds of things into their worship and bring it right into the so-called house of God. They have no profit to give them direction. Oh, thank God for the truth. And he set the Levites in the house of the Lord with symbols, with sultreies, and with harps, according to the commandment of David, and of Gad the king's seer, and Nathan the prophet. For so was the commandment of the Lord by his prophets. So God ordered. So they couldn't just say, "Well, you know what? The Chaldans do it this way and the Syrians do it this way and the Moabites do it this way, so let's just let's just merge it all together. We we'll pull out what we like." God said, "No, you don't. I will speak through my prophets and they will tell you what's acceptable in my sight. I will accept symbols, sultry, harps. Oh, praise God. Can you imagine? Divine worship is allocated to us through what? the divine communication of a gift in this last day. You know, one one of the things that makes our church different than a lot of others, oh my goodness, if if you you get on YouTube and you look at some of the modernday singing and stuff that goes on in churches, it's filthy. It's absolutely ungodly. Some of the singing. Well, what makes us that we wouldn't go the same way? Do you understand? We would go the same way was it not for the spirit of God giving us a divine communication. Oh my. Notice again in 2 Chronicles 36:16. But they mocked the messengers of God and despised his words and misused his prophets until the wrath of the Lord arose against his people till there was no remedy. Now not against the Babylonians. the Hittites, the Jebusites, but against God's people. What turned God against his people when his people rejected his prophet's teaching? This is what makes me shudder as a message preacher. Cuz then you see this message church veering off this way and this one veering off that way. Well, we don't need this anymore. We know brother B said that, but we don't need that. We don't need this and we don't need that. This is exactly what brought the children of Israel to a spot that God, the same God that delivered them, turned them right back into bondage. And the very wrath of God himself, not the devil, not the anger of Satan, but the anger of God turned against his own people. Oh my goodness. Help us, Jesus. Nehemiah 9:30. Yet many years did thou forebear them, and testifiest against them by the spirit in thy prophets, yet would they not give ear. Therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands. On what basis? One simple concept. They refused to hear God's prophets because God's prophets was his voice. Can the use of word of life church say amen? Amen. Notice in Isaiah 30:9 that this is a rebellious people, lying children, children that will not hear the law of the Lord, which say to the seers, "See not," and to prophets, prophesy not unto us right things. Speak unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits. Are you kidding me? You mean people would actually tell prophets, don't tell us straight things and difficult things. Tell us what we want to hear. Tell us smooth things, easy things. You realize that spirit is not dead, right? The Bible says that heap to themselves teachers in the last days having itching ears and they'd turn away from the truth. So they would say, "Prophesy unto us." Not don't give us the right things. Speak unto us smooth things. Yeah. The Lord say, "I'm going to bless you." Oh yeah. The Lord say, "I understand you don't know if you're a woman or not." Yeah. The Lord say, "It don't matter. It don't matter. Love everybody." Oh, yeah. Just come on as you are. Yeah. The Lord say, "Heaven's for everybody." Well, there may be a Lord saying that, but it is not the Lord God because the Lord God cannot lie. Notice in Jeremiah 29:19, "Because they have not hearkened to my words, saeth the Lord, which I sent unto them by my servants, the prophets, rising up early, and sending them, but ye would not hear, saith the Lord." Jeremiah 35:15, I have sent also unto you all my servants, the prophets. Listen, young people, this is the foundation of our Judeo-Christian belief. Why is it so weird then that prophets are something of a of a day that's gone by? This is God's way. Return you now. every man from his evil way and amends your doings. This is what the prophets told them. A true prophet of God will always restore you to that original word. And go not after other gods to serve them. You shall dwell in the land which I have given unto you and to your fathers, but you have not inclined your ear, nor hearkened unto me. Ezekiel 13:1. And the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy. Wow. So, let's revert back in time. So, we don't live in 2025, but we're in the time of Ezekiel. There's prophets all over the land prophesying all kinds of things. Thus sayaith the Lord, this and this and this, that's going to happen. Thus sayaith the Lord, don't worry about your sins. God understands you can't live right. Oh, thus sayaith the Lord, I'll never leave you. That's okay. That's okay. That's fine. And then we have one man that God tells him, I want you to get out there and I want you to tear the hide off of them false prophets. I want you to call them liars to their face. Wow. Now remember, you all are Israel. So you're hearing them nice guys down there. Praise God. A moves on the way. I hear the latter rain coming. Oh, I tell you one thing. We're fixing to have a revival. Boy, that get the music going. Woo! Glory to God. Amen. Here it comes. And here comes Ezekiel. Thus saith the Lord. You're a lying bunch of dogs. You imagine that? Just what I figured. He ain't got the love of God. How can any man stand up there and blast our prophets? They're so sweet and they're so humble and they're so kind. They're just like a bowl of jello. I mean, they're just so ooey gooey and my everybody loves them and everybody look at this man. He's rough. Oh my goodness. Which side what do we take? Your stand today would identify what stand you would have took in Ezekiel. Son of man, prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts. So they are standing there and telling people thus says the Lord this and this and this. But the Lord didn't say it at all. Where's it coming from? Their own hearts. Now, the difference between them and Ezekiel was Ezekiel was saying what God put in his mouth. This was not in Ezekiel's heart. It didn't come from him. It come from God. Hear ye the word of the Lord. Thus saith the Lord God. Woe unto the foolish prophets that follow their own spirit. and have seen nothing. Oh, I seen this and I seen that and I seen something else and I seen something else. But God said they are liars. They have seen nothing. And remember, you all are the youth in Judah. You're the youth of Reuben. You're the use of Issachar. Napali Dan. Which one you all going to take sides with? My my Oh, Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts. Wow, that's a good way to describe a prophet, ain't it? They're like foxes in the deserts. Now listen, parabolic. Ye have not gone up into the gaps. Now to us westerners, this don't even make any sense. But let me paint it so you can have a clear understanding. Their safety was behind a wall city. So when walls would become aged and they would decay, mortar would fall out, stones would begin to become dislodged and there would be openings in the wall. So like any smart devil, why kill yourself trying to go through a solid wall when you got a door? Now notice how God likened true men of God and true prophets. God said, "Oh Israel, thy prophets are like foxes in the desert. Ye have not gone up into the gaps." So there were gaps in the wall. You see what a true man of God does? He goes into the gaps and starts rebuilding and stopping the gaps for what? Your safety. Your safety. Because the enemy is going to go straight for the gaps in the wall. Let me make it where you can understand it. All right. So, I want to get from here back to there. Now, I could go the hard way. I could step here and step there and step there and step over the top of Ellie's head, step over the top of Carol's head and keep on stepping, stepping, stepping. Or I could go through the gaps. Amen. Now, God said if they were true prophets, this is what they would do. They would stand side by side by side. Come here, Brother Joe. Come here, brother Jonathan. If they are true men of God, they will fill the gap in order to protect you. But these false prophets are like foxes in the desert. So what have we done? We have filled this gap. So you want to come this way, you're coming through us, devil, you want to come this way, you got to come through us, right, brothers? Amen. Cuz we're filling the gap. There's real men of God. Now notice God likened these false prophets to foxes in the desert. So foxes in the desert would have to be opportunist because in the desert there's not a whole lot for them to eat. So they're going to do for every opportunity that they can. And God was showing them this is what these false prophets are doing to you. They're opportunist and they're taking advantage for you. They have to have you to survive. But if they were true men of God, they would be standing in the gap, not thinking of their own survival, but they would give their life for you. So you could survive instead of being like a fox hiding and using you as only to get his own means satisfied. You have not gone up into the gaps. Neither have you made up the hedge for the house of Israel to stand in the battle in the day of the Lord. Oh my. Notice in chapter 13 verse 6, they have seen vanity and lying divination, saying, "The Lord says, and the Lord hath not sent them, and they have made others to hope that they would confirm the word." You see what these false prophets are? They was telling the people and giving them supposedly words from the Lord. And the people was hoping that these were the words from the Lord. Oh God, have you not seen a vain vision? Have you not spoken a lying divination? Where as you say, the Lord saith, albeit I have not spoken. You realize this going all over around the world today. Any of these TV evangelists, boy, if they want a big following, oh, the Lord shows me there's somebody out there that's got clothes on, they got hair on their head, and they got shoes on their feet, they got a back pain. Let's see. It's It's in their back. I can't tell if it's in the right back or the middle back. Oh, it's spread from the back to both sides. Yeah. About 385,000 of them sitting out there meet that description. Well, the Lord said this and the Lord said that and the Lord said something else. False prophets and liars. Praise the Lord. Don't give me some kind of prophecy that there ain't no way to check it. Come on, somebody. God's prophet was able to stand there and say, "I see you going to see a doctor." heaven said, "Man, had on glasses, three steps going up to your house. You live on 123 such and such and so and so." There's a real prophet of God. But I I feel there's somebody here tonight There's somebody in the building. I I can feel it. I can feel it. Somebody here in the building tonight has got a need. Yeah. Which one of us ain't? Which one of us ain't got a need? Starting with me. I got a need tonight. Don't tell me a bunch of lying vanity. Well, this is your day. My day for what? Uh, this is your time. My time for what? Well, glory. They have seen vanity and lying divination. They say, "The Lord says, and the Lord hath not sent it." They've made others to hope that they would confirm the word. Have you not seen a vain vision? Have you not spoken a lying divination? For as you say, the Lord, saith it, how be it, I have not spoken. Therefore, thus saith the Lord God, because you have spoken vanity and seen lies. So you mean people could actually see visions and them visions be lies? Y'all even quieter than you was before we started. You imagine how frightening this is. Therefore, thus sayith the Lord, because you have spoken vanity and seen lies, therefore, behold, I am against you, saith the Lord God, and my hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity and that divine lies. They shall not be in the assembly of my people, neither shall they be written in the writing of the house of Israel, neither shall they enter into the land of Israel. And ye shall know that I am the Lord God. Wow. And God used who to do this? kings, potentates, politicians, magistrates, singers, songwriters, pastors, evangelists, teachers, prophets. Prophets. Do you understand? If God had not sent Malachi 4, the earth would have already met a major destruction. Lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Malachi 4 held it off. Why the bride had to be gathered. Praise be to God. Can I have you a few more minutes? Look in Daniel chapter 9 verse 10. Neither have we obeyed the voice of the Lord our God to walk in his laws which he set before us by his servants. the prophets. Hosea 6:5, therefore have I heeded heed them by the prophets. This is the way God chops out his people. He chops them out by his prophets. I have slain them by the words of my mouths, and thy judgments are as the light that goeth forth. What a peculiar way and an an unusual observance of judgments that they actually bring light. Now, to the unbelieving, the unconverted that, well, it's too hard. It's too difficult. Ain't nobody can live it. Of course, we can't live it on our own. That's why he sets it up that way. He makes it where it must be him and us living it. But we look at it while the others say, "Oh, that's such bondage. That's absolutely terrible." We look at it not as walls of bondage, but as castle walls that keeps us separated from the things of the world. Notice Hosea 12:10. I have also spoken by the prophets. So young people, think with me now. If almighty God has sent us a prophet in the last days and the majority of the world has turned him down and God has done as he's always done spoken by the mouth of his prophets, what will God do? For our nation itself, its days are already numbered. There is no national repentance. Oh, I know. I understand. I heard a little bit today on Fox News. Today was a national day of prayer. I heard our president admonishing the people, different religious leaders there. One of them a woman pastor. That tells you how spiritual they are, right? Admonishing the Americans to pray and get back to God. There is no national repentance. America has sent away her day of grace. In 1956, God's prophet said, "This year, America will accept or reject God." And I predict she will reject him. So in the seventh of his visions which were given in 1933, anybody remember what the seventh one was? It was the United States of America. Your home, my home, not a land of the free and the home of the brave and great great beautiful castles and houses and beautiful pastures of green. but smoldering craters on the earth. Ashes, Lord God. Now, as an American, it hurts my heart to have to say that. But why would God do such? Because God from this nation started a revival. And from this nation, God sent his prophet. If they would have listened, if they would have heard, we could have led the world. Not only just in a Pentecostal move, but in a restoration ushered in the millennium. But instead, what did they usher in? Hollywood. All the illegitimate unbelief that there is in our nation. Oh, God have mercy. But I'm glad God's made a way. What will be our place of protection under the wings of God's eagle? Remember, God prophesied by the wings of an eagle that he brought the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt. And what were those wings? God's prophet. Hallelujah. Let me read one more and we'll close. Amos chapter 3 verse 7. Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secrets, his secret, his secret unto his servants, the prophets. Can I read two more scriptures? Thank you. Matthew 2:23. And he came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth, that it might be fulfilled, which was spoken by the prophets he shall be called a Nazarene. Now, here we moved over to the New Testament. And the New Testament's foundation is based upon the prophets. Amen. And the young people said, "Now listen to the words of the Lord Jesus." And we will close with this. Matthew 23:34, "Wherefore, behold, I send unto you TV evangelists, bookwriters, song readers. Now, what about you Bible scholars? What about you denominationals, you Baptists, you Methodists, you church of Christ that condemn us because we believe in prophets and your Lord Jesus which you claim is your savior said, "I send unto you prophets and wise men and scribes, and some of them you shall killed and crucified and some of them you shall scourge. Notice he's not talking about Old Testament, but New Testament. Do we believe this prophecy? As one believer, I believe it. And some of them you shall scourge in your synagogues and persecute them from city to city. May the Lord bless his word. Let's stand together. Praise be to God. Praise the Lord. So you see, it's scriptural for us to believe the prophets. Our Judeo-Christian faith is not based upon some Kuckian that come up with an idea that he wanted to be a prophet one day. Decided, I want to be a prophet. Well, that's what I want to be. I want to be a prophet and I I want to get a a follow on the people and I want people to come and follow me and I I I'm going to lead them into this that and the other. Of course not. He didn't even want it. As a matter of fact, he said, "I wish this message wasn't mine to bring." Can you imagine? He did not want to be the messenger of all the pain and all the anxiety and all the stress that it brought him. But aren't you glad he did? Amen. Can you imagine when he was carried beyond the curtain of time and he saw all of those millions that was in that great dimension of God and they told him, "If you had not have come to the earth, we would not be here." Well, brother Donnie, what about the cross? What about the cross? Amen. After Jesus died on the cross and raised from the dead, they still had to be baptized in water in the name of Jesus or they were not identified as believers. They had to receive the Holy Ghost or they were not even identified as being born again. The cross was the beginning of the initial stages of the bridge to span the gap back to man's redemption. But stopping at the cross, nobody, nobody should have wrote more about the cross than John the Divine. He was the only apostle that was at the foot of the cross. You ever counted how many times he wrote about it? Read St. John, the fourth gospel of the New Testament. when you get when you get time. First John, 2 John, Third John. See how many times the word cross is mentioned. Now, this man was there and saw the cross. But this man wrote more about love than he did about the cross. This man wrote more about Antichrist than he mentioned the word cross. He wrote more about that city and about the inheritance of the bride than he did the cross. And that man stood right there and looked at Jesus on the cross and no doubt touched it. But he realized pointing backwards to the cross wouldn't do you no good if you didn't point from the cross forward. Don't you see what denominational preachers do to their people? That's as far as they point them to. The cross. The cross. That's all they sing about. That's all they preach about. That's all they know. Why? Cuz most of their preachers standing in their pullpit are not born again, sir. And they don't have the Holy Ghost themselves. So, how can they tell their people about the Holy Ghost? Don't you love him tonight with all your heart? Young people of the Lord Daries, in a few months, Carol and I will be 69 years old. Just by natural occurrence of life, who knows how much long I've got on the earth. Before long, you all will be the preachers and the preachers wives and the deacons and the deacons wives. What will you all do with this message? What will you do with it? Will you hold the same standard? Don't be like Israel was. You see, these were their children and their grandchildren and their greatg grandandchildren that God said, "I am against you, and I'll bring the Moabites against you and the Ammonites and the Hittites, cuz you've got away from my word." Let God burn this so real in your heart that you'll say, "I will not let it go." Let's pray together. Praise the Lord. Lord Jesus, as I've sat Lord for the last couple of days and looking at these great scriptures and thinking in my mind, how can people read these and not see why we still believe you use prophets? Lord God, thank you for your word. To me, if any age needed one, it was this age. We had Father Divine. We had the blue flame worshippers. We have John Alexander Dowi buried in an Elijah's robe that went outside of the city of Chicago and started a city called Zion and was going to make it the new heaven on earth. And the original Zion, Illinois, which is still there, all the streets and the avenues were named Elijah and Enoch and Mary and John because they thought they'd start heaven on earth. But in the midst of all that chaos, you raised up a man with a true word from God. He wasn't the only one seeing visions. He wasn't the only one saying thus sayeth the Lord. But we could take him back to the scripture and we knew that he had the true identification of a prophet because true prophets always point people back to the original word. Lord Jesus, thank you for sending it for us. Lord, I can't wait that day until we all stand before you and we'll walk up under the oposes under the messenger of this age. I will stand there and give an account for what I've preached. I will stand there with a few little people Lord that I've been able to lead to you and we'll all in this age stand there under the oposes of that prophet messenger and he will present us as the bride for this age. Lord God may there not be a young person missing at that day. Lord Jesus, may our hearts be in tuned to the true vision of God for the last day. We worship you tonight, Lord. Hallelujah. You promised it in the book of Joel. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Now, we got baptism right. We got the name of Jesus restored back to the church. power of God back in the church like as in the day of Pentecost. We got not a denomination, not a system, but individuals all over the world filled with the Holy Ghost led by the spirit of God. Signs, wonders, miracles, supernatural happening among us like it was in the early church. another book of Acts being written. If these people could only realize around the world, testimonies being turned in every week. I had cancer and I was healed. I was blind in one eye, now I see. I couldn't hear out of this ear, but now I hear. I couldn't hardly walk, but God gave me my legs back. Hallelujah. The same God that did it 2,000 years ago is doing it again. Following what? Elijah's ministry. And Elijah's ministry always pointed back to the restoration. Oh Jesus, thank you, Father. And we want to be ready for that great catching away. Lord, search every heart here tonight. I pray. Father, do a work in each life and each heart. We pray in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You so thankful for that tonight. I was thinking when when brother Donnie was reading the scripture there in Samuel when he said there was no open vision. You know after after the cross there was open vision every age. God sent an open vision through Paul all the way down every church age because when you read in Revelations when he mentions every church age he said thus sayith the the spirit is saying to the church bringing the vision and in the laya church age you have the full vision you know what what if we didn't have it what if we didn't have a messenger come in this day I was brother Donnie was preaching last night and the scripture tells us how he was tempted Paul said he was tempted in all ways. What if we didn't have a prophet to come explain that to us? Brought out the hum humanity of Christ. We we would without that understanding, without the understanding of the Holy Ghost, without a prophet to bring that to you. How would you face your trials every day? How would you face your choices that you're going to make? You're going to walk out of here in a little bit later and tomorrow, this week, next month, you're going to you're going to have be attempted to make a choice one way or the other. That's every day in our life. But when he was tempted in all things and overcome all things, it wasn't that you could overcome it because he said, "I already did it." And he told him, he said, "When I go away, I'll come back and I'll I'll live in you and you let me overcome it again through you." You had a without the prophet coming and telling us that. Malachi 4:5 was God saying, "I'm bringing the open vision to the Leodysian church age." and he gave it to you. What if you didn't have it? What the understanding of the scriptures when you read when I read still to this day, I've read the Bible through I don't know how many times and I would say I could probably fully understand probably 15 20% of what I'm reading without having heard a message. That's why we have to have a prophet. And I'm so thankful that's what about from these series. I I've never I've got so many ways now to explain to somebody this this is how I know there has to be a prophet. You know, we me and my brother-in-law was with a a Baptist guy one day and he said, "Y'all think Brother Brandham's a prophet?" And I was like, "Yeah, why?" And Joel mentioned Amos 3:7 until he reveals it first to his prophet. reveals a secret first to the prophets. Like I the gentleman's like, I can see that, you know, it's to me it's just it's just God's grace. If we had to still just live by own understanding. I feel sorry for people out here that have walked away to turn it away. They turned away from God's understanding. They didn't turn away from brother Brandham's. They turned away from God's interpreting to the word to where you can understand it, to where you can live it. I'm so thankful for that. We're going to sing a few song here. But no, if you come up and and dismiss for us and and um make sure you tell sister Angel and Sister Heidi and everybody that helps in there whenever you come in to eat over there, make sure you thank them for that, okay? Um to do that. They do that out of the kindness of their heart. And we're so glad for that. We're so glad for brother Donnie taking his time, sister Carol to come here and and share their time with us. It it means the world and you know it just these these Thursdays one day we're going to we might not get a chance to and I'm so thankful and I I try not to take them for granted. So, God bless you all and uh brother no, if you come up here and dismiss us in prayer. Let's all pray. Lord Jesus, we just want to thank you for tonight's service, Lord. It was such a blessing to to me personally, Lord. And I just we're so thankful for that open vision, Lord. Lord, because we can not only look into the word and see where we're going, see what lies before us, but we can see ourselves because of what you've given to us. Lord Jesus, we thank you so much and we love you with all of our hearts. I pray you just bless brother Donnie. May you just encourage him, give him strength, and lift up his spirit. Lord, I pray. May you go with us now, keep us all safe, bring us all back together again at the appointed time. Lord, I pray. For we ask all these things in your precious name, the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Amen. Oh, now open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see [Music] you. Oh, see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Oh, pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy, oh holy, holy, holy, I want to see [Music] you. Oh, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Y'all are dismissed. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Oh, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. For I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Oh, see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power in love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Oh, now open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Oh, see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Oh, pour out your power in love as we sing holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Oh, see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Oh, pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. [Music] [Music] Oh Lord God Almighty, you are clothed with majesty. The heavens declare your wonderers. For you are great and do marvelous things. For you alone our God. There is no one else like you. Oh, let the nations declare that you have done great things. Alm mighty you are holy you are. Your mercy endurth forever more and righteous you are. How great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God, my king. Oh Lord God Almighty, you are clothed with majesty. [Music] The heavens declare your wonderers. You are great and do marvelous things. For you alone are God and there is no one else like you. Oh, let the nations declare that you have done great things. Oh, you have done great things. Mighty you are holy. You are. Your mercy endureth forever more. Oh, righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God, my king. For mighty you are holy. You are. Your mercy endurth forever more. and righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you, oh Lord, my God, my king. Amen. Amen. Wasn't it good to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. May God bless y'all as we'll just keep singing this as y'all are dismissed. Mighty you are holy you are. Your mercy endureth forever more and righteous you are and great you are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord my God, my king. Alm mighty you are holy. You are. Your mercy endureth forever more. Righteous you are and great you are. I will
