################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.172 - 052825 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-28
Title:    Getting In The Spirit Pt.172 - 05/28/25
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHf41tyvNGA
========================================

Description:
05/28/25
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] He's on Time God. Yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. May not come when you want him to be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. is. Let's just stand as we sing it to him. He's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to. He'll be there on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he [Music] is. The children of Israel trapped at the Red Sea by that mean old Pharaoh and his army. They had water all around them. Pharaoh on their tracks. Oh, out of nowhere, my God stepped in. Put a highway just like that. Oh yes, he's an on time God. Oh yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Or you can ask the 5,000 hungry souls he fed on the banks of that river with two fish and five loaves of bread. What a miracle he performed for the multitude. And what he did way back then, he'll do the same for me and you. Yes, he's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. I know he is on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there. Right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, yes. He's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him to. He'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, let's sing it one more time to him tonight. He's an on time God. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. [Music] Oh, he may not come when you want him to, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Amen. You believe that tonight? [Music] [Applause] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, the most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, the most high. Oh, and the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are safe. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, the most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, the most high. Oh, and the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are safe. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Amen. Amen. Certainly is good to be in the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can be seated tonight. Quite a few prayer requests uh tonight. Uh one quick announcement. There is a See if I can find what I did with it. There's a um a Peter color Nissan Maxima with a very low tire in the parking lot. Has Carter County plate Scott wrote 684 BDWR if that's your car. Just know he said probably by the end of church your tire would be flat. So see one of the sisters to change it for you after service tonight. I'm just teasing. If you need some help, uh Sister Lindsay be happy to come out there and help you change your tire this evening. Just see one of the deacons after church tonight. Amen. Uh want to remember these requests this evening. Uh please pray. Uh Sister Lois Y uh taking her to the hospital right now for high blood pressure. So we want to remember her tonight in our prayers. Uh please pray for the Wiggins family. Uh Sister Marilyn passed away this morning. So we certainly want to remember them in in prayer during this time. Pray that the Lord would just give them comfort and peace. Want to remember uh brother Eddie Jablonsky is having trouble with his blood pressure. Sister Brandy Anthony asked for prayer for him tonight. Uh please remember the Cooper in prayer. Uh sister Patty's very sick with a virus. Uh so we want to remember that need. Uh Sister Tanya Elliot sick this evening. Uh brother Rocky Ward is in the hospital. So we want to remember him. Brother Gary Hera is also sick tonight. We want to remember him tonight. Amen. Sister Barbara Gravely turned in a testimony. Said wanted to praise the Lord during Sunday's service. She received a healing touch. Also, thank you everyone for all your prayers for us. So, we certainly thank the Lord for that testimony. Amen. Tonight could be your night. Amen. For your touch from the Lord. Uh the sister, I believe it's uh Mala Gray in Scotland asked for prayer. Still in the hospital tonight. Uh Sister Sandra McGraw in West Virginia asked for prayer in the hospital in needs a a healing touch from the Lord. Please remember uh Sister Linda Phillips in prayer experiencing severe pain due to arthritis tonight. We want to remember her in prayer. And also uh please pray for uh Jetta uh Terry Stockton turned that in not feeling uh good tonight. So we certainly want to remember those needs this evening before the Lord. Amen. How many has a need upon your heart tonight? Brother Sam Wo, could you come take us to the Lord in prayer this evening? Amen. Let's just stand to our feet. Amen. It's good to be here. You know, I was getting ready this evening to go to church and the devil said, "Why are you going to church?" Said, "You ain't worthy. You don't read your Bible like you should. you don't pray like you should. I said, "That's true." I said, "But he's worthy and I'm going to go ask him for help tonight. That's why we're here." So, Lord, let's pray. Father, as we come to you, Lord, we love you. Thank you for your grace. Where would we be without your grace? And Lord, some of our brothers, brothers and sisters are sick with high blood pressure. Sister Lois had to go to the hospital. the different ones. Lord, to our family. They're precious to us. We please ask you to touch them. Take the sickness away. Calm their nerves. Give them a peace that passes all understanding. And Lord, please, please be with my brother Steve Newsome. Please help him. I love that brother. Lord, he's special. Please help him. And speak to us through your word tonight. Anoint brother Donnie. And may we say it's been good to be here. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song tonight. I'm so glad he found me. Let's sing that as a brothers come this time to receive the offering. Uh one more quick announcement. There'll be no Sunday school classes this Sunday. Uh VBS will start Monday, June the 2nd at 6:00 p.m. It will end at 9:15 each night. That's Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday. Uh Wednesday will be class time starting at 6:30. So, uh, just keep, uh, mind of that. Be in prayer for Bible, uh, Bible school, um, vacation Bible school next, uh, week. Amen. Just be in prayer for that. Uh, want to welcome any visitors that might be with us tonight. Amen. Say, God bless you. Um, glad to have you this evening. Those that be streaming the service as well. Amen. God bless you tonight. Let's sing this little course to him. Oh, I'm so glad he found me. In love he bound me, put his arms around me. Then he led me to the shelter. And now I'm one of his own. I know the joy of knowing with hearts of glowing. Someday I'm going to my home, my home in glory. I'll walk those streets paved with [Music] gold. Oh, I was on the mountain wondering from the fountain when I heard my savior speak to me. He said, "Come to me relenting and of your sins, repenting, and I will lead you out where you can see." Oh, and I'm so glad he found me. With love, he bound me. He put his arms around me and he led me to the shelter. Oh, one of his all. And oh, the joy of knowing with hearts of glowing. Someday I'm going to my home. Oh my home in glory. I'll walk the streets p with gold. Well, I'm going to love him ever and stray from him. No, never. Cuz he's the dearest friend I ever knew. And when I see him yonder, my love will still grow fonder up in that happy hand beyond the blue. Oh, and I'm so glad he found me. With love, he found me. He put his arms around me. Then he led me to the shelter. And now I'm on his own. And oh the joy of knowing with hearts glowing. Someday I'm going to my home. Oh my home in glory. I walk the streets paid with you. Oh, let's sing it to him one more time tonight. Oh, and I'm so glad he found me in love. He found me. He put his arms around me and he led me to the [Applause] shelter and now I'm on his own and oh the joy of knowing with hearts Hearts are going. Someday I'm going home to my home. Oh my home in glory. I walk the streets paid with [Music] glory. Amen. Glory. Give the Lord a handicap of praise tonight. Amen. Got a couple of specials for you, but Jordan has got a song. Lindsay and Sister Rosie have a song for you tonight. You can be seated as they come. Let's sing a that course. Leaving on my mind. Maybe key of G. I think let's just sing that this evening as they come. Prepare to sing for us. Oh, lately all I've got is leave on my mind. Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking about. Oh, so much of the time. Now that soon and very soon I'll leave my trles far behind. Lately I've got leave leaving on my mind. Let's sing it one more time to him tonight. Oh, lately all I've got is leaving all my mind. Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking about. Oh, so much of the time. Now that soon and very soon I'll leave my trles far behind. Lately I've got [Music] leave leaving on my mind. Amen. Let's enjoy our specials this evening. [Music] Father, I am weary. I am [Music] pleading for your mercy. I am waiting for your answer, but I'm [Music] struggling with surrender. But I'm trusting through the darkness that surrounds. This is the day the Lord has made. I will rejoice. Give him thanks and live my life. Bring you praise. This is the day the Lord has made. Father, through the shadows I will seek you. I will follow for your glory, for your kingom, for redemption and for freedom in my weakness through the power of the cross. This is the day the Lord has made. I will rejoice. I'll give you thanks. Live my life to bring you praise. This is the day the Lord has [Music] made. And I will carry my cross. Carry my cross. And you will carry me. Carry my cross. carry my cross and you will carry [Music] me. This is the day the Lord has made I will rejoice. I'll give you thanks and live my life to bring you praise. This is the day the Lord has made. This is the day the Lord has made. Hey, [Music] [Applause] [Applause] From the beginning, you've been unchanging. [Music] age to age you stay constant you remain every mystery the questions I've carried are safe within your will so I trust you even still I believe you are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted ways straight to you. You are always faithful. Jesus, you're for me, holding me steady. [Music] Every word you speak is a promise that you keep. This firm foundation cannot be [Applause] shenen. My God, you never fail, never once, you never will. I believe you are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. Though I'm running through parted ways straight to you. You are all faithful. I believe in the mighty name of Jesus. I believe. Oh, that on that cross your blood was spilled and by your stripes I have been healed and every promise you fulfilled. I believe I believe that you rose again in victory and that same power lives in me. I'm born again. I've been made free. I believe I believe that the gates of hell will not prevail. Your church is still alive and well. This goel truth I live to tell. I believe I believe that one day soon you'll split the sky. You're coming for a spotless ride. Until my faith has been made sight. I believe. I believe. I believe. You are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted ways straight to you. You are all faithful. I believe in the gospel of Jesus. I believe. Oh, and on that day I've run my race. I'll finally see you face to face. And nothing then will separate. I believe. I believe. I'll join with every tribe and tongue and bow before the lamb of God. Singing holy, holy, holy one, I believe. I believe. [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Aren't you glad you believe? What a great great privilege it is to be word believers. Not just doctrinal believers and theological believers, but word believers. Because remember, it wasn't a doctrine that died for you. It was not theology that died for you. It was a person. A doctrine isn't coming for you. The rapture is not a doctrine. It's more than a doctrine. He's a person. Praise God. Trust y'all are doing well tonight. Happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. It's a great privilege for us to be gathered together, isn't it? Thank God. Had some good meetings down at brother David's. And brother Daryl did an awesome job. And that other guy, y'all know what I think about him. So, brother Daryl really good. The presence of the Lord was there. So wonderful. And saints from different places and pulling on and just had a wonderful time together. Let's turn tonight if you would to um Genesis 24:21. to a story that is thousands of years old, but it's being relived right here tonight. Genesis 24:21. It's being relived all over the world. People are hearing a call. Some will accept, some will reject. Some will say, "I will go." Others will say I want to think about it and others will say I'm definitely not going. I am not part of that. So I guess it boils down to which category are we? Which category are you? As for me in my house, I will go. I will go. Genesis 24:21. And the man wondering at her held his peace to what whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking. And the man had took a golden earring and half his shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. Now I'll remind you that in bestowing the jewelry, Elizer claimed to Rebecc Rebecca for Isaac. In accepting the jewelry, allowing him to touch her. He touched her wrist and her face. Then she was sending the message to him. She was willing to proceed. Then he proceeded. Verse 23. And said, "Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee. Is there a room in thy father's house for us to lodge in?" And she said unto him, "I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Mila, which she bare unto Nahor." She said, "Moreover, unto him, we have both straw and proender enough, and room to lodge in." And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. How many to be remembered tonight as we pray? Myself as well. Lord Jesus, we count it such a great honor and a privilege once again, Lord, that we could be gathered together here in this place that we have built and dedicated and consecrated to you. And Lord, we'll have to say there's not one time so far in the couple of years, a little over two years now that we've been meeting here. There's not one time that you have not met with us. Whether it was for a Wednesday night service or a Sunday morning or question answers for the youth or if it was a funeral and we've had multiple of those as well. And there's not been one time that you have not come. So, Father, it leads us to believe that tonight will not be an exception because we know that you've told us if we're gathered together in your name, if there be two or three of us, then you will be in our midst. So, Father, we come with expectation believing that you would. It's not just another Wednesday night service and we'll sing a little and we'll see how the preaching goes. But Lord, to me, this is another opportunity for you to change lives, for you to heal the sick, for you to encourage those that are down, filled with the Holy Ghost. Whatever you do, Lord, we know it'll be great, marvelous. So, we open our hearts to you tonight, Father, and we ask you in the name of Jesus that you'd take the service, speak through me tonight to your children. And I pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you saints. You may be seated. Now, unlike you and I, whenever we get ready to take a journey between 450 and 500 miles, we either fly, we will take our vehicle, or if it's from one train city to another train city, you might take a train. Eleaser did not have a car. He did not fly in and out. He did not have a fastm moving train or a bus. He had a camel train. So, he's had plenty of time on this journey to be praying, seeking God. But now, remember, he's got to turn right back around now and go back the same way that he came from to find his master. Now hopefully he's believing that God is going to give him an answer not only to his prayers but also to the request of his master Abraham and of course for his son Isaac. So the man is pondering again we'll look at verse 21. And the man wondering at her, not at God, not at the angels, am I at the right well? Am I in the right city? Am I in the right country? He's focusing on her. Now, he's looking to see, is she the proper one for my master Isaac? Now, this is an awesome responsibility for a father that has daughters, especially in that in that situation, more so than a father having a son. But when a father is asked by a young man, can I marry your daughter? And that father wants to pray, he wants to be so right before God before he says, yes, yes, you you can have her to be your wife. because he like many of us no doubt has seen girls that would marry a boy, maybe even be in church and would be there for a while and turn out to be totally different than what he appeared to be when he asked to marry that that father's daughter. So the father enters into it with a great awesome responsibility. But here we have not a blood tie. We have not a blood relation. So it's not a father looking toward his son's wife or a father looking toward the right type of bride. It is a servant. A servant which his entire reputation he's been faithful to Abraham all of these years. You're talking about a rapport that this man had. There is not one mark that I have ever found in the old or new testament or in any history that I have searched about this man. I have not found one thing about this man that he was a ladies man, that he was out for riches, that he was out for fame, that he was all all about people making over him and thinking he was so great. I've not found one thing about this man. Are you talking about quite a reputation for a man to have, especially a man in the Old Testament without the Holy Ghost? So this man had quite a reputation. So whenever he's watching every move now, he himself praying, feeling to go certain ways, feeling to ask certain things, and then let her respond accordingly. So, as the camels had done drinking, verse 22, the man took the golden earring, half a shekele, and then he put it on her. Now, I want you to notice then each step that he does, he's waiting for her response or her reply or sometimes even an action that it can be an action, a reaction to an action. So then he asks, well, whose daughter are you? Now, that within itself is going to be important. She's going to reply, "Well, I'm a church of God. I'm a Baptist. I'm a Methodist. I'm a Presbyterian." What's she going to say? Who's her mother? Who's her father? Verse 25. Then she also identifies that her family is a family that has sub substantial position in the community that they have a place by which they can put him up. All of this is important. When you read the Bible, don't read it with a western understanding. Whenever you uh understand about how it was written, that's why I like to read you sometimes the meanings of the words because it helps you to understand so much of the way that it was written and it was so different. Now in presenting the jewelry, Eleazar is claiming her, but also what he's doing is making known to her the presence of the betroal. P R E S E N Ts, not P R S E N C E. So it is the presence of the betroal. So for a marriage to be arranged, the groom's family must provide a bride price. Now the bride's family will give her also something, but it's not the bride's price. The father will give his daughter something. Some of them chose to keep the price in case the man would divorce her and she would have something that she could fall back on. It was called the bride's dowy. But now Eleazar has brought to her a bride price. Now who's that bride price from? It is from the family of the groom. Now keep in mind that we're talking about the bride of Christ. Now, if we believe that God has sent to us a messenger and a message in the last days, I want to see and judge whether this man was the man sent from God or not by the presence that he gives to us as his followers. And then let us also judge any other men who would say they are the same because we know the man that we follow and believe is God's prophet is certainly not the only man on the earth who would like for us to follow him. For the truth of the matter is there are many, many men that would love your loyalty. They would love for you to be as submissive to them as you are to God's word. And they would love to have your dedication, your consecration to them and what they believe and what they promote as much so as you give to the revealed word of the hour. As a matter of fact, the devil would love to have you on his side. That's right. But I'll just have to tell him he'll have to weep and weep and weep cuz he ain't getting us. We've already been paid for. So notice the bride's family will present to her a dowy. Silver, gold, and also objects that are presented which will have a great value and a great family treasure. And it might not be so much something worth to anybody else, but it will be just a present among the family that'll have a great declared value. Now listen carefully to me tonight. So the number of Abraham's household, the presence given to also not only to Rebecca but also from Abraham's household would come presence to the mother, the father, the brothers and so on. So it's not just the bride that is going to benefit from the gifts of the messenger. Amen. You see, there will be other people that will benefit from the gifts of the messenger, though they will not go back with the messenger to be a part of the bride, but they will benefit such as the assemblies of God who received over a million converts coming out from under the last day ministry of our Eleaser. The church of God of prophecy, the assembly of God, the apostolic, the oneness, many of them benefited by our Eleer coming to the earth. As a matter of fact, revival fires were burning on every hill from the one commission of that one church age messenger. But now watch what God is going to do in a type. it'll be greater in the anotri anotype. So if the messenger comes and he comes with a very limited amount of gifts. So he comes to Rebecca and he gives her a ring from Big Lots and then he he picks up on his journey. He gives her a a little bit of basket of something and it it's got still got the target price on it and it was on sale at that. And then you know then he comes to Laban and he gives him a little and well there's that other big lot thing and come to found out it was BOGO you know buy one get one free. So you know that within itself is speaking the gifts is speaking to the family. They also are reading into this. Do we want our daughter married into this? So if this guy his gifts are only guessing. Somebody stands up and says, "Well, you know what? The Lord shows me here tonight that there's somebody here with a burden on their heart." Yeah. How many of people here they are? That's how many folks, no doubts got burdens on their heart. Well, there's people here tonight that's got problems in their bodies. Yeah, you could about count that from six-month old babies in the age we're living in now. But we are going to be able to judge the wealths of the one who sent him. Now, if you listen to me carefully tonight, you'll be able to judge false prophets from this sermon on in a way that you've never judged them before. Because every true servant of God is a scribe. And he will come and bring from his treasuries things that are old and things that are new. He will be able to withdraw from the antiquities of the divine mercies of God. He will be able to preach about the grace of God, the mercy of God. He will have the supernatural if you send from God. He will have such an assortment of all of these things because those men are representing the wealths of the master that sent them. So, if I was you, now it's just I'm just saying if I was you, I wouldn't I wouldn't pay too much attention to a man that does not have healing, uh, signs, miracles, supernatural, right, discerning the word. I wouldn't follow a man that don't have very much respect for a prophet of God. As a matter of fact, that will have so little respect for him that he would preach his message and never let people know where he come from. Well, come on now. So, you realize that when when true men of God are sent that they are not representing themsel and they're not representing what treasures they have on their own, but they are representing a part of the economy that they say they are ambassadors of. So whenever Eleazar drag out the bracelets and he be to put them on and then he would put the piece upon her forehead and when Laban saw them, remember we looked at it the last time we dealt with this, it was so overwhelming that Laban saw them by his eyes and it so moved Laban because to him it was a great sign of wealth and standing. So, Laban also wanted his portion. Oh yeah, that's Laban for you. So, the presence given to the brother and given to the mother. Now, I'm sure if you I'm sure if you've been reading this in the in the passage of scripture that you've already noted that the father is not mentioned in this situation. So, the gifts, the way they look at them, and they're going to evaluate the engraving on the bracelets, and they're going to be able to know by the times of the day they were living in. So, they would judge them by the hour they were in, and they would be able to look at that and know that the wells that the bride is going to have on is going to typify the master that wants her. Now, that's why that's just one of the many reasons why that the real elect of God, the devil does not have enough wealth to even dress her up in because she deserves gold, silver, jewels, all kinds of beautiful things. The brideg is the type of lady that is deserving of peace that is so phenomenal that it is beyond understanding. She is so uh fulfilling for mercy and of a grace that is so profound and the devil don't have enough riches to even do it. Now, I'm talking about a bride that is so redeemed by the power of God that the Lord Jesus, the only worthy one, looked in the Pergamian church age and said, "You will walk with me in white, for you are worthy." And I hear the prophet say, "The only worthy one was looking at human beings and telling them that they were worthy." Well, I can tell you right now, the devil ain't got enough riches in hell or in anywhere else to ever redeem one of us, much less all of us. The devil ain't rich enough. The devil ain't good enough. He ain't got enough to even Oh my to be able to even answer to what the bride is accumulative of. But the devil does have gifts. Now listen, remember the prophet tells us in harvest time that Satan can hand out gifts by the handfuls. Now remember, he also tells us in the church age book that there will be those in the last days that will come and they will operate gifts with a margin of error in them. A margin of error. Most of the ones that I've dealt with like that when they have the margin of error, most of them will never take correction when you try to tell them, "Brother, you miss this and you miss that and you miss that." They will not do it. Which shows you right there, there's something wrong with their gift. The prophet tells us Christ's spirit. Remember now, Christ spirit is always subject to Christ's teaching. So, anything that makes us rebel against Christ's teaching, remember, is not the Holy Ghost. And the church said, "Well, if you can't say amen, say ouch." Now, notice the spirit of God in me and you will always agree and punctuate that the word is right. So Abraham would not have sent this servant and sent him out into the treasure house and wherever he would have had it in a bank of that day or whatever more and said, "I'll tell you what now. I want you to just get just get pennies. Just get the penny stuff. Don't get that gold stuff and that silver stuff, man. That's high dollar stuff. That cost me a lot of money to get all of that, you know. Just get sticks and brambles and thorns and briars and see maybe y'all can make a little crafts along the way. It's going to be several week journey. So y'all just take a little bit of Elmer's glue and just put a little stuff together. Get a little moss on the side of the tree and and get a little bark and you know just make her some type of country crafts and take a tour and tell her now that these are your gifts. And you ever imagine Rebecca looking at that so what is this man a caveman? What is this guy? So the gifts that the ambassador brings represents the future kingdom of where the bride is going into. Now that's why God does not identify himself by sending false prophets to invite people to his kingdom. Because a false prophet can never declare the riches, nor the depths, nor the mercy, nor the understanding, nor the revelation of God that it requires to be an ambassador from heaven. I wish somebody would say amen tonight. It's the same way with a preacher that just wants to hang around the message and all and he don't want to be a full-blood denomination. He don't want to, you know, belong totally to them, but he don't want to really come into the message either. You know what? Just forget it. That ain't an ambassador from heaven because a real ambassador wants to let you know who he represents. So, he's not ashamed of heaven. He's not ashamed of the cross. He's not ashamed of the gospel. And as Paul told Timothy, "Be thou not ashamed of me, his prisoner." Our church is established upon the facts of the cross, the blood, the mercy, water baptism, baptism in the name of Jesus Christ, baptism of the Holy Ghost, but we're also established upon the fact that we believe God center prophet, and his name is not a secret to us. Amen. Now this is going to portray that the identification of this bridegroom. The gifts will reflect and create a desiraability for this young woman to marry him because she hasn't seen his face. Now remember, he did not have a telegram account. He did not have a a Facebook where I where he's going to send. Now here's his picture right here. Here's his photo. I bought a life size and send up a life size there. Here he is. His arms is that big. His hands are that big. She had no idea what he looked like. She didn't know nothing about his wealth. But the messenger that was sent on his behalf would give her a pretty good idea of what the groom was going to be like. Now notice again in Genesis 24:28. And the damsa ran and told them of her mother's house. Notice again the father's not mentioned of her mother's house these things. And Rebecca had a brother and his name was Laban. And Laban ran out unto the man unto the well. And it came to pass when he saw the earrings and the bracelets upon his sister's hands. Now notice Rebecca moved and acted before she ever saw either of those. Notice the difference between her and Laban. You see, Rebecca is a faith daughter of God. Laban is a sight foolish virgin. He is one that goes by sight. And that's why a lot of them will never give up the way they live. They'll never give up the things around them in the world because appearances mean so much to them. that'd never be able to dress the way God's word requires it. To me, choosing between a miniskirt in hell. I mean, to me, there's no choice there really, as are you all. Uh there's no there's no choice between a man looking like a woman and a wing woman looking like a man, and you're choosing that over hell. I It don't make no sense to me. Whatever my master requires of me, I'll do cuz that's the way you feel. Now it came to pass when he saw the earring and bracelets upon his sister's hands, when he heard the words of Rebecca his sister, saying, "Thus spake the man unto me." Then he came unto the man, and behold, he stood by the camels at the well. Now, total different, total different, complete different scenario altogether. And no doubt he's a trained man, well trained. and he he was a steward in his master's house. So he was given money by which he would be able to go to the market sort of like Joseph was in the Old Testament and he would be able to trade and buy and sell. So no doubt he had dealt with many crafty people and Laban was a very crafty man. You don't believe me? Ask Jacob. So he was a very crafty uh stealing, sneaking, conniving message. I I mean I mean a a businessman uh though that's the way some of my mares message you know and no doubt he picked up on him just like that as soon as he spoke and he listened to his words as well and he come back and boy here he come with a big old long stick of butter about that long and a big old long butter knife metaphorically I'm speaking and he's going to come now and butter up this guy because he knows what these gifts mean they mean that he wants to take his sister back. So what he's interested in is the bride price. How much can I get out of her? Come on, brother. Oh my. Now watch then in verse 53. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver and jewels of gold and raignment and gave them to Rebecca. Now notice this is different than what he gave her at the well. This is when they're now back at her house. He is now giving to her the matan. M a t a n. So Ezer gave Rebecca special gifts from the groom to the bride. Now this is from the groom. This is specifically only for her. Laban cannot get this. Now, he can speak in tongues and he can shout. He can run and jump and so on and so on. But the bride has certain gifts that nobody else has. One of them is revelation. One of them is understanding. Oh, aren't you glad for them special gifts? I tell you one thing, I'd rather have that any day of the week than all the gifts that Pentecost got. Thank God for all them gifts. Oh yes. But you know the prophet told us we do not take the rapture by gifts or by discernment or by prophecy. We take the rapture by the word. Yes. And and does not the word speak about gifts, brother Donnie? It does. But I like to go back to what the prophet of God taught it because I'm still a repeater. I I'm a repeater of the message of the hour. I personally don't think that we're above and beyond what God's prophet taught. I know I'm a little behind, you know, for for some brothers and all of that, but I am behind and and I don't care to admit it. I am behind tonight. I'm behind the man that God sent. So now, if you want to classify me as being behind, but the reality is what some of these preachers are wanting. They're wanting you and I to get from behind the messenger that God sent and get behind them. Hey, I love Brother Daryl. I love these other brothers sharing our church, but I ain't going to swallow something down just because they get up and say it. And I don't want them to do me that way either. I don't want you to do me that way. Sure. Study the word. Absolutely right. I believe I can be proved by the word. I can be tested by the word. Come on, somebody. And if you can't do that, then there's something wrong with where you stand. I am behind the messenger of Malachi 4. I just happen to believe he had been in the presence of Abraham and Isaac. He's been to that sixth dimension and I haven't. That's right. And I don't know anybody here that has. I don't know any the rest of the preachers that have. Now notice I I found this amazing because the very first time the word jewels is mentioned in the Bible. It's when a man that has a message has been sent to get a bride for his master. You just read it with me in Genesis 24:53. So the first time the word jewels is mentioned is mentioned when a bride to be is getting jewels from a messenger with a message. Now remember she had no Google. She had no way to check out this man's story. So one day she down at the well and this guy shows up. She has no way to trace back his phone to be able to see where did he come from. Did he even come from the country that he say he's from? Did he come from Abraham? Now, he knows the name, but how do we know that he didn't run into somebody at the market somewhere? And they started talking about how did she know how? What proof? This man has a message that is so far-fetched and by some what could be considered to be hearsay. That's right. And she had no way of proving that 16 men fell off the bridge. But she just simply believed if he said they fell off, they fell off. The children of Israel had no way of proving that God came down on the mountain and with his finger wrote the law of God. But if Moses said he wrote it, they believed he wrote it. Come on, somebody. So you see, there was something about her. She was truly a faith daughter of God. Now, Eloser now gives Rebecca the special gifts from the groom. Now, remember, he's only a carrier. He's only a carrier. So, he gives her the first two ones from the very initiation. Now, he unloads to her a special delivery package which was toted only by him. Now, there were men with him. There was no doubt a bunch of men that were with him because you would not want to head out with all this gold and silver and all these jewels and one man by himself. Are you kidding me? They would be overwhelmed. So there was other foes. There was other foes of the ministry that were with him. Come on, somebody. As a matter of fact, I can hear Ellie Eer as someone asked him a question. Brother Brandham, are you the only one that's to preach? Why, brother, sister, ever? Who told you that? I'd be a poor representative to try to carry that out. Every man that's called of God needs to get in the pull pit and preach. But yet, we are being told you're out of the will of God if you don't press play. Wow. And where was it? Brother Brandham said that because I've searched and searched and searched and I cannot find that quote. Now, there's a brother Brandham saying it, but it's not brother William. [Applause] Come on, time friends. Time to be plain. Time to be plain. Come on, somebody. So you realize that this man has a message that cannot be scientifically proven. It cannot be proven by the government or the FBI or the CIA or whoever else should try to prove it by. How was it a 16-year-old girl would be able to believe this with all of her heart? The first time she had ever met this man, he didn't stay with him for 40 days and 40 nights. And she watched him to see how he went was around women or how he does this. Did he steal from her her mother? Did he steal from her brother? What kind of behavior? Let's go to town with a guy. Let's see what he does. But there was something about his message. Notice the Bible doesn't mention his appearance. So it must not have been his appearance. She wasn't worried about his parents anyway cuz she wasn't marrying him. Well, praise the Lord. I don't know about you, I ain't marrying no preacher in this message. I'm marrying Jesus Christ. So, he delivers to her now the matan. So, the matan could be cash, I'm reading this to you now from history, or property or something of a personal nature. Ah, so it could be money or it could be property or it could be something from the bridegroom which was of his own personal nature you know something like a token or something. Glory hallelujah. Why in the world friends would we want to settle for tongues been the evidence of the Holy Ghost when the matan the bridegroom is wanting to give to the bride is his own personal nature. Can't you see that's what makes you bride is your nature matches his. I mentioned that in brother David this week that whatever type of woman that the Lord Jesus takes out of this world in a rapture proves what kind of God he really is. What if he takes a woman that's a liar, an adulterer, a whoreonger, a denomination or whatever more? That proves he is a compromiser. He cannot be trusted. So he demands us to just tow the line and live right. We can't cut our hair. We can't do this. We can't do that. And he's going to let people that are Catholics go in the rapture who pray to Mary. And if I step out of line one little bit, he takes his belt off to me and wears me out. That's right. You do you the same way. If he don't, I feel sorry for you. Or you say, "God never corrects me." I'd run to this altar right now. I wouldn't even wait for an altar call. You get that old bastard spirit off of you. If you belong to God, God corrects you. Why? Cuz he loves you. You're his own. Now watch. whatever this man brings. What a responsibility. Now, so the the groom then will convey his gift and it's in the message. So it's it's molded together as it was with the delivery of the gift that he brings. So whenever God would send a messenger, what he would leave the bride, would it be a university? Maybe a university and we'll name a university after that messenger. Or maybe a bridge. We'll name a bridge after him. Or what about a highway? Or what about our favorite drink? Or we'll have Dunkin' Donuts and make a donut in memory of the messenger? What will the messenger convey? If you'll read the preface of the church age book, you'll find out. For he said it was his desire. Don't think for a minute that he wanted people to follow him. He said, but he wanted people to get a closer relationship to Jesus Christ. There you go. That's right. And the church said, so you see the matan was a voluntary assurance of the groom's personal interest in his bride. So whenever this man would bring this, he would be able to tell him, "Now my lady, this is from Isaac himself. This is not from me. This is not from Abraham. This is not from anyone else. This is personally from the very heart. And Isaac himself gave me this for you." Now he wanted me to convey to you this is a deposit, a down payment. Now my lady, it is wonderful and it is awesome. But I'm going to tell you right now, when you get this down payment, don't think this down payment will be all you'll ever want. Because once you get this down payment, it will open up a realm and a sphere to you that the more you get, the more you will want. As a matter of fact, my lady, there may be times that you'll even wonder if you've even received the assurance because you want so much more. I hope somebody's hearing me tonight. You see, many people even around the message and they feel like, Lord, I I don't have the Holy Ghost. I I couldn't have the Holy Ghost because I'm hungering so much. I want more all the time and I'm thirsting more all the time. And they think by that it means they don't have it. Well, if that's so, then I don't have it either. Cuz I want more than I've ever had. Anybody else feel the same way? I want more than I've ever had of God. I'm hungry. You imagine the prophet of God saying it in the last few weeks of his life that he longed for those mountaintop experiences. How to feel like he did when he first got saved a month before brother Brandham left the earth and he was thinking about those mountaintop experiences and how to feel like he did when he first got saved. Why? Because the hard battles of life can desensitize us to one another and desensitize us to the spirit of God. And we deal with so much stress and pressure and so much difficulty in the age we live in. Anybody hear me tonight? Anybody know what I'm talking about? And what does all you say? Oh, for the days when it was so much easier, but yet would you really want to revert back to being a baby in Christ? I wouldn't. Was it easier when I first got saved? Sure it was. Was it easier when I first come to the message? Sure it was. But would I want to go back? No way. I can see the lights of home. We're that close. I believe with all my heart it's harder, Harry. But we're closer to home. We're almost there, saints. [Applause] Oh my. Can you imagine? Now Isaac, if we could say in this day, Isaac would have been like a multi-millionaire. His father had sheep, dramadaries, camels, shies, silver, gold. I mean, they had so much stuff that he had. Can you imagine what her matan was? Devil, if you don't mind, I'd like to embarrass you. Well, yeah. Actually, if you do mind, I hope you don't mind. I'd like for you to lay your matan up here on this altar rail here. I want you to show these people why they need to leave the Lord Jesus and follow you. Cuz that's what you do. You try to tell them you don't love them. You try to discourage them. You try to get them down. And you try to tell them they need to serve you. So what I want to do, I'm going to give you just a couple minutes. It shouldn't take but a few seconds more than you have. But I want you to lay out for us here what you have. Contention, division, adultery, fornication, lying, idolatry, perverseness. You ain't got no heaven. You ain't got no divine healing. You ain't got no supernatural power. You can't raise the dead. You can't heal the sick. You can't men the bro. Oh, hallelujah to God. You can't men the brokenhearted. That's right. Amen. And you want us to leave all of this wealth and follow you. Poor old devil. Poor old devil. Oh my. Let's just let's just look now. So maybe and the servants go out and here they come and they bring in these tapestries woven maybe from Persia and they go to laying it out. There's gold, silver, sapphires, onyx, chalidany. Y'all need to get used to that because the foundation in your city, amethyst, jasper, sardics. Oh, I'd love to bring them colors to you sometime and show them to you on these screens right here. What's the Lord Jesus doing? What? I wonder why this message that he allowed this messenger to bring in to break into the truest riches of God and no other messenger Paul all the rest of the brothers and they preached for the light of their day brother Daryl but yet this prophet was allowed to preach sermons that had never been preached since the gospel started being preached 2,000 years ago. Why? What's he doing? He's laying out the tapestry woven up of the gospel and laying out the treasures before the bride. There was never another man that was allowed to preach the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride and be able to go into the depths and the riches and the treasure. Oh my. Luther was not allowed to go beyond the curtain of time. Wesley was not allowed. Pentecost and all their gifts was not allowed to go beyond the curtain of time. But God told his messenger, "I want you to go there and I want you to remember things. I want you to see things and I want you to take them back down to my bride. It's my personal gift to her. They're going to lose husbands and fathers and daughters and babies. And I want you to bring it to them in such a way that it will comfort their hearts. It will make them so homesick for heaven. They can't wait to be in that paradise of God. Lay it out to them, Elizer. Lay it out to them how much I love him. Lay it out to him how great I am. Lay it out to them what I heaven store. Gold, silver, purple, blue, exquisite jewelry. Oh, I can see her. She picks at me and says, "What's that?" said, "Rebecca, that was a wedding band of unmmerited predestinated grace. He slid on your finger before the foundation of the world. And you mean that's mine? It's yours. Have you got enough faith in the promise to claim it?" Oh, embroidered fabrics and not just plain old, you know, I mean, how you know what I guess really this is a great example right here. You couldn't get no planer than a plain old white handkerchief, right? Made in China, our favorite place in all the world. And they last for so long and then you have to throw them away. You imagine her. She stood there and said, "What should I do, sir?" Oh, that's up to you. This is yours. You mean all of this is mine? This all came from my master. You see, he's a he's a man of such mercy and kindness. And I'm telling you right now, you talking about a man of your dreams. Some of you women married a man you thought was of your dreams, but he turned out to be a man of your nightmares. Woo! Preach it, Brother Donnie. That's what we found in some of the churches we was in, too. Some of the preachers that we've set under our life. Oh, praise God. The church of my dream and the pastor of my dreams and he turned out to be a werewolf and a nightmare. Oh, glory to God. But you imagine, oh, Elijah could stand there and said, "I'm telling you, my lady, I've been around him. I ain't never seen nobody quite like him. He's got tempers." And you know, Isaac was a total different man than Abraham was. He was a more of a a guy that meditated and quiet. And Isaac was known by whales. Abraham was known by faith. But Isaac was known. Now remember both of them merged together are expression of the Godhead which is God the father and the the father God manifested in humanity and the son. So here both of them have great attributes that must be expressed. But Isaac was known by what? Oh, he had faith in God's promise. Yes. But he was identified more with whales. What comes out of whales? Water. refreshing water. And whenever she sees him the first time, you know what he's doing? He's out in the field [Music] meditating. Oh, I love you all night. She didn't say, "Good Lord, who in the world is that holy roller?" But you imagine when she sees him for the first time and he's meditating. Now, he's not living in the home place of his father, but he's moved into the Southland. So, he left his home to meet her in between her home and his home. Yeah, I Isaac has sent jewels to his bride. Song of Solomon 1:9. I have compared thee, oh my love, to a company of horses and Pharaoh's chariots. Our brothers, please don't tell your wife this. your girlfriend, your brothers is dating a girl or court the girl, whatever term you want to call it. And after church, you text her and say, "Sweetheart, you remind me of a company of Pharaoh's chariots." You'll get an emoji at the end of it. We're done. We're finished. But you have to catch this in the setting. What is it about horses? They are some of the most beautiful of all of God's creation. Amen. And they can stand out in the field without anybody ever brushing them or anything and just stand there and the sun hit their coat. To me, they could just be absolutely breathtaking. I know some of y'all like dogs and cats. And bless your hearts. But if you'll notice, he didn't say she looked like a bunch of cats or she didn't look like a bunch of dogs. I have compelled thee, oh my love, to a company of horses and pharaoh's chariots. Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels. Ah, so her personal matand became she found what to do with them. Dress herself in them. [Laughter] Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Notice they were not just piled up on there with a hot glue stick, but they were in rose order. God loves divine order, not man's order now, divine order. So, here the bride and he said, "Oh, I I I beheld you and you can imagine the horses that Pharaoh would have had." He could have had the finest, most pristine horses absolutely known to man in the world. Nothing quite like them. And Solomon had seen them and no doubt he would look at them and they would come and they would be so black and so brilliant and so shiny or white or whatever the color they were and they would have been breathtaking because horses were not introduced into the land of Israel. remembers more so into the solommonic time than it was in the Davidic time. And here he looked at her with admiration and said, "You, oh my love, you're like a company of Pharaoh's horses in Pharaoh's chariots. Your cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold. Now look at what he's seeing. Well, now wait a minute. This girl was a poor girl. Remember the Schulamite from the north country? Poor girl. So where'd she get jewels? Where'd she get gold? The man bragging on her gave her the gold for her to wear. That's how our Lord Jesus is. Oh, glory to God. You can't you friend, you can't wait. You think till you be able to go see him. Let me just turn the ride around on you. He's been waiting for thousands of years to see you and I. You imagine brother Daryl when he reaches down and takes us by the hand and say, "Come on, children. Take a walk with me." And you we go in the paradise of God and us poor mortals that was lost without his mercy at one time. And what does he do? He saves us, sanctifies us, fills us with the Holy Ghost, he gives us jewels. What do we do with them? Let's not be like, you know, Ezekiel 16 whenever he talks about Israel in the Old Testament and God said, "I found you in your blood." And I said, "Yay, live. Lay thy live." And he said, "You was not salted when you were born, neither did anyone cut your navl, but when I found you, I looked upon you, and it was a time of love, and I spread my skirt over you. And what did God do? God gave her gold. God gave her silver. and she took thou all of those things that God gave her and turned herself into a Let us not take God's gifts. Let us not take God's blessings even financially and turn ourselves into something God entrusted us with it. Oh my. Hallelujah. Notice this in chapter 7 verse one. How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, oh prince's daughter. The joints of thy thighs are like jewels. The work of the hands of a cunning workman. Isaiah 61:10, "I will greatly rejoice in the Lord. My soul shall be joyful in my God, for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation. He hath covered me with a robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom deck himself with ornaments, as a bride adornneth herself with her jewels. And where did you get them? Your husband sent them to you. Amen. In what form of his scripture and in the last days, an enlightenment specially needed and required for the Leodysian bride in order for her to be meticulously dressed to meet her husband. So, can you imagine then our husband, the Lord Jesus, will appear in a glorified body. He will appear in all of his majesty and then we appear in rags. We come out of Leodysia and we're our our clothes are tattered and torn. There we stand in 57 year old bodies and 68 year old bodies and 75 year old bodies. And we're going to meet him like that. No, I'll tell you how we're going to meet him. Like young men and young women. And when you stand there, the type of body you stand in expresses your destiny. You see, when those that go in the tribulation period, question answer 62, where are the foolish virgin in the tribulation? It said in the grave. When they raise in the white throne judgment, their own body testifies they miss the fullness of redemption. But when you and I go before him, we will be clothed in his righteousness. But we will not just have on a garment of righteousness. We will have meekness. We will have kindness. We will have love. We will have obedience. And friends, we're not going to wait till we get there. The bride has already given us some batan right now called the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And he's gi us the virtues. Don't you understand what I've been preaching out on the virtues? The virtues to the bride are part of those treasures. Faith, virtue, knowledge. What is that? That's part of the treasures that he wants you to put them on. This is what the bride is decked in. Not pride and arrogance and wealth and look at all of our cars and look at all of our houses and boy I can do this and I can do that. Oh my no sir. Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance. Oh, as a bride adornneth herself with her jewels. Malachi 3:17, "And they shall be mine, saith the Lord of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels." So he gives you something, you use it, apply it, and it changes you into the gift he gave you. Amen. Yes, sir. Do you understand what you are? Do you understand the leadership of eternal life? The last sermons that he actually preaches, follow me, and leadership. And he says it over and over again, the leadership of eternal life. It's evident. Some folks follow the message, but they have no idea about the leadership of eternal life. That's right. cuz they make this agenda and that agenda and that agenda and this kingdom and that kingdom. The eternal life will not lead you to the kingdom of a man, the kingdom of a church, the kingdom of a preacher. No sir, eternal life knows that's only temporal. But the leadership of eternal life will lead you to the person of life himself. And it will so transform you as you put it on. The robe of righteousness, the nature of Christ, the very matan of the Lord Jesus, the token of his assurance that you die and he becomes alive in you. Amen. Then literally you become Miss Jesus Christ and you are him. Can anybody say amen to that? Amen. And they shall be mine, saith the Lord of hosts, in that day when I will make up my jewels. So the rapture is gathering the jewels from one state out of another, from one country out of another to bring them in to the bridegroom's treasure house. and I will spare them as a man spareth his own son. Notice Isaiah 6:13. to appoint unto them that mourn in Zion, and to give unto them beauty for ashes, and the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. I think some of y'all forgot that one tonight. You come to church with your spirit of heaviness. You forgot to change clothes. Instead of coming to church with your garment of praise, you come and say, "All right, brother Donnie, bless me if you can. Bless me, song leader. Bless me. You special singing people. I've went through hell today." You think the song leader ain't went through hell. You think the musicians ain't went through hell. You think the preacher ain't went through hell. But I refuse to wear my old spirit of heaviness to church. I want to put on my garment of praise. Every come I come to the house of God. Come on, somebody. Anybody else here want to wear your garment of praise to the house of God? I don't want to just wear it twice a week. I want to wear it every day. Oh my. That they might be called trees of righteousness, the planting of the Lord, that he might be glorified. So it started with the tree in the garden of Eden. It ends up the trees in the last days. Revelation 3:4, "Thou hast a few names even in Sardis, which have not defiled the garments, and they shall walk with me in white, for they are worthy. He that overcomemeth the same shall be clothed in white raignnt, and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life. But I will confess his name before my father and before his angels. Friends, can you imagine one day we're going to walk before that great throne? I don't know about you, but I want to stand in my proper place. God's grace, mercy, call me to be a preacher. Therefore, I will give an account with the people I've preached to as a pastor, people I've tried to lead. We will be a little subgroup there under the ministry of Malachi 4. And he will turn and present the entire Leodysian bride. Then each individually we will come up before the Lord Jesus and you get your first glimpse at him and he will speak your name. I'm telling you, you don't want to walk up there by yourself. You don't want to walk up there at odds against the very messenger that was sent to lead you. You don't want to walk up there at odds against the very pastor that God gave you a pastor after his own heart or evangelist or teacher. And the church said, "You want all of those ambassadors speaking on your behalf?" Oh my. Can we read a few more scriptures? Now let me just address you, oh daughter of the king. Psalm 45:10. Hearken, oh daughter, and consider and cry in thine ear. Forget not also thine own people and thy father's house. So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty, for he is thy lord, and worship thou him. And the daughter of Tyrie shall be there with a gift. Even the rich among the people shall entreat thy favor. The king's daughter is all glorious within. Her clothing is of wrought gold. Her clothing is of wrought gold. Now you talking about wells. So they would take gold and beat it so small it would become threadlike. And then they would take the fine flax linen and they would put it together, the threads of gold and the threads of linen. And they say that that the flax grows in Egypt and the linen would be as worth as much as an ounce of gold. And when the sun would hit that linen, it was so brilliant that it would almost be blinding to your eyes. So you imagine a garment that is interwoven was white and gold together. And he said, "Oh, king's daughter." Hallelujah. Her clothing is of raw gold. She shall be brought unto the king in reignment of needle work. The virgins, notice now Matthew 25, the parable of the 10 virgins. Jesus never says them virgins are bride. Right. They're the bridal party, not bride. Now, I know we mix the types and say we're like the wise virgins and we want the oil. I'm good with that. But Jesus is sharing with us the Mediterranean wedding ceremony. Now, notice what he says about them. her companions, the virgins, her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee. With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought. Why? To come into the presence of the king's daughter. Now I hope you understand this that God in the beginning created the king's son and he named him Adam English Adam. Then God brought into existence the king's daughter and the king's son was going to marry the king's daughter. Do you understand why he's not ashamed to call us siblings? The king's son will marry the king's daughter. Amen. Oh, my sister, my spouse, my beloved. Oh, glory to God. With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought. They shall enter into the king's palace instead of thy father shall be thy children whom thou makest my princes in all the earth. I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations. Therefore shall the people praise thee forever. and ever. Can you imagine them inhabitants that live outside the city when they come in and they break off a leaf off the tree of life and they hand it to one another and they walk them through the streets and how they've been allowed into the inner sanctum of the city which is where you live. They come in from Arabia. They come in from the United States as we know it. It'll be different then. Of course, they'll come from all over the earth from different seasons and times. You imagine as they come in and they see you. Hey, how are you, ma'am? How are you? Oh, good king. You imagine talking to one another. Can you imagine what it must be like to live here every day? And they just talk back and forth. Say, "It must be awesome. They tell me they've been here for a hundred million years. You mean they've been here that long?" Yeah. Wow. They say, "Wow, they ain't one of them was over 18." They tell me that their youth is constantly renewed. And they just follow him wherever he goes. And there's no more sorrow and deaths and tears. And you know what they tell me? There's no need of the sun here in the city. John didn't say outside, but he said in the city. Don't you understand what the king sent his messenger to bring us is only a small little down payment of what we're going to get after a while. To me, it was so fitting that the very very man who brought us such understanding was the very man that God chose to preach to us about our future home. And even in 1965 before he left told us the state of construction. That's right. And remember the friend of the brag had a special honor and he had a special place. And let me remind you where the seven friends and the seven church ages were in relation to the bridegroom and his right hand. Brother Tim Puit wasn't there. Brother Daryl, brother Joel Brown, Brother John, and the rest of our brothers here. No other preachers in this church age, me included. That's right. I don't have that place of honor. Come on, somebody. That's right. I'm just honored to be part of the company. Praise God. And the servant brought forth jewels of silver, jewels of gold, and raignment, and gave them to Rebecca. And he gave also to her brother and to her mother precious things. Few healings, few miracles. Some folks got saved. Hey, that's precious. Notice the difference in the value of the gifts. No gold, no silver, no jewels, no matan, no personal, no personal something from the bridegroom specifically with their name on it. That's right. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, let's stand. So now because the talks had went favorable so far, Eleer presents the Mohar. M O H A R A gift from the family of the bridegroom to the parents and the relatives of the bride. So you see it wasn't just us that was benefiting. All you got to do, friends, is go on YouTube. You'll find Tail Osburn. You'll find Tail Osburn's daughter. You'll find different men by different names, Pentecostal, charismatic. You'll talk about them going to Eluser's meetings and benefiting and they saw such faith. As a matter of fact, one of the sisters here at the church had put it up on Instagram, I think it was, and Carol had pulled it up this week and it was a man testifying about our Eleaser. And he said that somebody had come to the meeting and they dressed up and put on, you know, like old ragged looking clothes and had a stick and glasses like sunglasses or something like they were blind and they were going to try to trick Eleaser. So he prayed for people and then they come up or prayer card was called or whatever it was and whenever they called Eleazar turned and said you sought to deceive the spirit of God but because you thought to deceive the spirit of God the very thing you acted like you now have. So the same messenger could either give you sight or blind you. You understand? That's where we are. The message is opening the eyes of people around the world and it's blinding the eyes of others. And the sad part about it is there's some around the message that look at it and it's making them go t totally blind because they can't separate a son of man from the son of man. That's right. But see Rebecca that's from your personal matan from the gift of Isaac himself. It's the ability to be able to separate the seventh angel from Christ. We're blessed, brother. Remember that serpent bite was so strong that it came after the prophet himself. But the blood was so rich, it didn't take effect on him. I've got the same type of blood. Amen. Yours got the same type of blood. It's family blood. It's not brand blood. It's God blood. It's God blood. We can look right at it. The prophet said some people could look at the sun, go totally blind. Others could look at it and come out of there and guide him, lead them here to do this, that and the other. That's part of your gift, little Rebecca. You imagine her going home that night and sitting down thinking, "What has happened? What has happened to me this day? This was a day of destiny when her life would never be the same. I wonder I just wonder if she was raised up around that little country there and maybe thought, you know what, I'll probably just marry old Sam down there at the market or I'll marry uh you know, maybe Jebster over here and he he's he's a sheep guy and I'll marry this guy over here and I know there's several guys interested in me. they'll probably come and talk daddy for long and you know and and and and I I I'll just wind up being a a sheepers's wife or maybe a a farmer's wife. God said, "No, you won't." The decision she made that day changed her life forever. The decision she made gave her the right and the authority to leave her mother's house and go to Isaac's mother's tent and become his wife. Praise God. between 450 and 500 miles away, several weeks journey. But my friends, yours is not but about 20 ft from where we're standing right now. Don't you love him with all your heart? Oh, I pray you go home tonight and tomorrow and the next day and the next day and just take your little your tapestry roll and lay it out on your little table. You know, I'm speaking metaphorically now. Ju just kind of lay it out and say, "Oh my goodness, look at that. This is my personal matan. This is not mine and brother Dony's. This is mine. I'm redeemed. Silver spoke of redemption. Gold spoke of deity. Blue spoke of heavenly. Purple spoke of royal. The sockets, all the different colors, all the different materials, each of them with a significance. When God gives you gifts, they have a significance. Oh, praise God. May we leave this place tonight and take our little treasure and say, "Hallelujah. I didn't know I was so rich. I'm the king's daughter. He will make my name last forever and ever." Lord Jesus, as we bow our heads in your great presence tonight, kind of makes me feel ashamed, Lord, that we don't praise you more than we do actually, why we will spend so much time about the negative things around us and the difficulties and the burdens and the trials. And instead of getting out our matan and looking at all the good things you've given us, all the things you've done, Lord Jesus, we were lost and wretched and blind and miserable and naked. Now here we stand tonight clothed. We've got silver. We've got gold. We've got blue. We've got purple. We've got frankincense. We've got all the great things of God. And Lord Jesus, we live in the very age and time frame of the rapture. Praise God. I could be looking tonight and preaching to people that will never die. I believe we are that close. Lord, just yesterday, another one of ours passed beyond the curtain of time. As I went to her bedside on Monday evening and took her by the hand and begin to pray with her and talk to her and tell her, "Sister Marilyn, you're a winner either way. The devil can't take you till God's done with you. And if he's done with you, what awaits you on the other side." Little did I know in less than 24 hours she'd be gone. Oh, but Jesus, if we could see her tonight, glory to God. No doubt her husband, that handsome young man, was down there to meet her when she stepped out of the boat. different saints and loved ones. Praise God. They've already started a gathering. Hallelujah. And a homecoming there in that sixth dimension. Lord, one by one, they're crossing. We're getting more over there than we've got left here. Each one of them that leaves, Lord, makes me more homesick. Lord, my heart is pulled to go there, but I know it's of more a benefit to your people if I stay here until the appointed time. May I serve you faithfully, Lord God. May I never try to build anything for myself. May we as your children never get our eyes on us or anything about us, but all about you, Lord. Maybe there's someone yet that's never heard of these things and we're called to share it. Help us, Lord Jesus. We worship you tonight, Father. Oh Lord God, maybe there's some that's come in this place of the spirit of heaviness on them. Lord, I pray in the name of Jesus, may they lay that aside, Father. May they be able to put on a garment of praise. Some sick in their bodies, some weary, some facing time of question and time of decision. Lord, in the name of Jesus, would you just minister to the needs of your children tonight, Lord, we love you, Father, with all of our hearts. Oh, we worship you, Jesus. We worship you tonight, Lord God. If there's any without the assurance of the Holy Ghost, I pray you'd make it known to them. I know there's some that are, Father, because several have talked to me in the last few months. Just wondering if they have the Holy Ghost. Some come up for prayer. Even some of our young people, Lord, they want to be sure. They want to know. Father, oh, I believe in our personal matan. That is one of the gifts that's there for us is an assurance that we have passed from death unto life. Lord Jesus, if there's any here tonight or that's listening to this or will stream it later and dear God, I pray you'd make it known. No doubt there are people just like the sister that the prophet told us about and he said that she truly had it. But because of her nature, he prayed that you would let her either speak in tongues or prophesy because of the birth path that she was born under. No doubt there's people like that today, Lord. But Jesus, I pray whatever they need, you'd resolve that question, Father. Young men, young women, maybe older ones, Lord, as well. May the spirit of God help us, Lord Jesus. May they look in their tapestry tonight and as they look may the revelation strike their heart whether they do or whether they don't. If they do it can be resolved they have it. If they don't it can be resolved they need it. They open up their soul. You move into that soul and then there it is. It can be just that simple right here tonight. Lord, we worship you Jesus. I want to thank you for all my gifts. Oh, I don't tongues and maybe discernment and prophecy and what people would think are great gifts like that. But I have salvation. I have sanctification. I have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. I have revelation. I have understanding. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I have faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance. Oh God, you've done so much for us. I just want to take a little time tonight and say thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us, Father. Oh, we worship you tonight, Lord. Can we just raise our hands for just a few minutes before we go? Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Justin Reagan wanted us to pray for him. He started feeling feverish in the service tonight. Dear God, we ask you right now in the name of Jesus that you'd move for Justin. Father, may you help him, Lord. May you touch him right now. Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Lord, Lance also called me this evening. They sent him home from work. Father, sick, vomiting multiple times. I pray that you'd touch his body also, Lord. Maybe others that are sick and not feeling well, couldn't be in service. Maybe some are here tonight and they pressed on and they're here. Father, whatever their need is, would you minister to everyone tonight, Lord? Grant, we pray. Father, now before we leave, Lord Jesus, we'd like to minister back to you. We worship you, Lord. We've come to praise you, Lord Jesus. As the king's daughter, we've come to worship the King's son. We've come to magnify our mate. And truly, there's only one in the earth today that could be the identified mate of the immaculate one, and that would be his own sister of the created bloodline of God, my sister, my spouse. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because those who are sanctified and he who sanctified are all of one. Oh Lord Jesus, we worship you today. Father, we magnify you now. Lord, can we just raise our hands? I know you're probably tired. You've worked today and all that, but I guarantee you if you'll give him a little bit of sacrifice and a little bit of loving right now, he'll definitely make it worth your time. Praise the Lord Jesus. Can we whatever's on your heart? Hey. Oh, hallelujah. We worship you, Lord Jesus. We bless your holy name, Father. I don't want to wait till I get to heaven to scream and holler and shout and glorify God. I want to praise you right now while I'm in this mortal tabernacle. Oh Jesus, I thank you for what you mean to me, Lord. I thank you for all that you've done. I thank you for the work of redemption. I thank you, Lord. I worship you tonight, Father. We love you, Lord Jesus. Falling in love. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord Jesus. Jesus. Think about the words to the song now. Falling in love. Falling in love with you, Jesus. with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Everybody know. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with our Jesus. Best thing I've ever done. In his arms. In his arms I feel protected. Oh, in his arms, never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms, never disconnected. Oh, in his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Falling in love with my Jesus. Falling in love with you, Jesus. Falling in love with [Applause] Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with you, Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever ever done. [Music] Walk with me in the name of Jesus for you are worthy. Hallelujah. Come and walk with me. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. My bride. Oh, and for you are worthy before the world began. Oh, you were in my plan. Walk with me. [Music] For you are worthy. Oh with [Music] me for you are worthy. [Music] Oh, walk with me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For I've made you worthy. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Before before the world. Yes. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Oh, you were in my plan. So walk with [Music] me for you are worthy. Lord, I walk with you. Oh, you've made me worthy. I walk with [Music] you. Lord God, you make me worthy. Hallelujah. Before this world began. You believe this? Oh, we were in your pre. I'll walk with you. I'll walk with you, Lord Jesus. What an honor. Because you made us worthy. [Music] Oh, walk with me little bride for you are worthy. [Music] Walk with me, my queen, my beloved. For you are worthy. [Music] before the world began. Can't you see the night you were in my plan? Walk with me for you are [Music] worthy. Oh hallelujah Jesus. Hallelu Jesus. We worship you Lord God. We bless your name tonight, Father. We adore you. We magnify you, Lord God. Hallelujah, [Music] Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Who am I? Was clothed in rags. Oh, Jesus. Like the leper that no one wanted to be around thought to be contagious. Oh, but you come near me and cleansed me. Gave me a new change of clothes. Hallelujah. Now the person that no one wanted to be around, now they long to be around because of the words of life. That's the way the bride is. Lord, thank you Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. We worship you, oh father. We bless your holy name tonight, Lord God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I climbed the highest mountain, looked all around, couldn't find [Music] nobody. Went down the deepest valley, looked all around, there still couldn't find nobody. I searched all [Music] over, couldn't find nobody. Looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than [Music] you, Jesus. There's nobody greater. Oh, nobody greater. Nobody greater than [Music] you. I searched all [Music] over, couldn't find nobody. Looked high and low, still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than you, Jesus. There's nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than [Applause] you. I climbed the highest mountain. Looked all around. Couldn't find nobody. [Music] I went down in the deepest valley, but all around there still couldn't find nobody. I searched all over, couldn't find nobody. looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. Cuz there's nobody greater. Oh, nobody greater. There's nobody greater. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. Nobody. There's nobody. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I climbed up that highest mountain. I climbed the highest mountain. He's bigger than your trouble tonight. He's bigger than your sickness. He's bigger than your disease. I was in my deepest valley. My deepest valley, Lord. all around. I still couldn't find I couldn't find [Music] nobody. I searched all over. Yes, I did. Lord, find high and low. Still could find nobody. Oh, that's your children. Worshiping praises. Hallelujah. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than you. Jesus my king. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh thank you Jesus. Nobody gater. Nobody gater. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Nobody can heal like you. Nobody can heal me like you Jesus. like you Jesus. Nobody can love me like you like you Jesus. [Music] Nobody nobody. Oh, nobody can heal me like you. Thank you, Jesus. Nobody can love me like you. Thank you, Jesus. Nobody gater. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Search gater. We couldn't find nobody. Nobody gater. We couldn't find nobody to save us. Nobody to heal us. Nobody to us. Nobody. Nobody. There's nobody greater. Nobody gater. Nobody. Nobody greater than me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I climbed the highest mountain, looked all around, couldn't find nobody. Well, I went to the deepest valley store. There I looked all around, couldn't find nobody. [Music] And I come to this conclusion. Searched all over. Couldn't find nobody. I looked high and low. Still couldn't find nobody. There's nobody greater. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than. Oh, come on somebody. Let's pray. Hallelujah. Nobody greater. There's nobody greater. Nobody knows. Nobody greater than like Jesus. Jesus. There's nobody greater. Nobody gater. Oh my. Nobody greater than you. I said nobody. Oh, hallelujah. Nobody greater. Nobody. Nobody greater. Nobody greater than [Music] you. And you know what it makes me want to do? I want to praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Well, praise him when the sun goes down. Why don't you love him? Oh, love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the new time. Love him. Well, love him. Well, love him when the sun goes down. And sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Oh, hallelujah. like heaven comes down. Oh, sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Heaven comes down on me. Well, I called him Jesus. Jesus. Jesus in the morning. Jesus in the time. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Jesus. When the sun goes down, I'm going to praise him. God bless you, saints. I love you, the Lord. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. [Music] praise. Oh, sometimes I feel like heaven's come down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Heaven comes down on me. Sing it as you go tonight. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Why don't you love him? Love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the new town. Love him. Love him. Love him when the sun goes down. will serve him. Serve him. Serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Serve him. Serve him when the sun goes down. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] with
