################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-28 - Youth Service Q&A Pt.29 - 07/28/2025 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-28
Title:   Youth Service Q&A Pt.29 - 07/28/2025
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQbOgnUD07I
========================================

[Music] Oh, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Everybody Everybody stand. [Music] Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. [Music] Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change of my life. [Music] Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change in my life. For the knockout, if you come and open us up in prayer, let's just bow our heads. Dear Lord, we thank you for this day, Lord, and what a change you did make in our life. And we thank you for continue to work on us, Lord. And Lord, thank you for forgiving us, Lord. When we come up short, may you just help us, Lord. And tonight, I pray that you will just come and use the minister in a mighty way to speak the word, Lord, as we have questions on our heart. May you just use them to to speak uh answers to us, Lord. And and may we have more understanding, more knowledge of your word. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you. Um, I was actually listening to a tape this morning and and uh heard a quote that I just felt and then they asked me to lead songs. So, I just thought I'd read it. So, it says, "But the Bible said he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Just the same Jesus." Then, if that seems to be a question to you and you ponder over it, you can't make it out and you see the thing happen and you wonder about it, then the angel of the Lord in some way, if you'll be sincere, will reveal it to you. Then it's no more a question. It's the truth. and then then you can stream and shout, "Oh, I'm so thankful." We just pray that the Lord will deal with us on our questions like that tonight. Um, in the morning when I rise, in the morning when I rise, [Music] in the morning when I rise, [Music] give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. [Laughter] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, and when I am alone. Oh, when I am alone. When I am alone. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. Oh, and when I come to die. Oh, when I come to die. [Music] When I come to die, give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world but give me Jes. [Music] You are here moving in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] for the Donnie if you come. [Music] I'm glad that's who he is. I announced yesterday we were going to do a question interest tonight. But all day today, the Lord has been dealing with me in a total different direction. So the thing I've learned through the years is follow his direction. Let's read together if you would in 1 John 4:3. I want to speak to you for just a little while tonight on born to overcome. 1 John chapter 4 verse three. And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God. And this is that spirit of antichrist where have you heard that it should come even now already? Now remember this is around 90 AD something like that and the spirit of antichrist was already there in the first church age. Even now already is it in the world. Ye are of God little children and have overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. So John is telling them that they are of a more noble descent, a more excellent pedigree. They've been born of something totally different than just flesh. Now let's read 1 John chapter 5 verse 4. And John says it this way. For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. And this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. So being born of God, it endus us with the power from on high that helps us to overcome the world. In verse five, he says, "Who is he that overcometh the world? But he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God." So there must be more to this verse than just what modern Christians believe. So by believing that he is the son of God for many of them in the mental aspect they think that makes you an automatic overcomer. But we know enough of those type of people to know that it actually doesn't. So it's more than just knowledge this way. To the to the Jews to the Greeks it was different. To the Greeks knowledge is one thing. To the Jews it was another. To Greeks, it was to be able to know the thesis, the anti-thesis, the approach, the, you know, the different words, the vernacular of it. To the Jews, it was to not only be able to quote the word or the vernacular, but to be able to have the real true meaning. So, I want to speak to you tonight on born to overcome. Can we just bow our heads? How many like to be remembered tonight as we as we pray? I'd certainly appreciate if you would remember me as well. Lord Jesus, as we bow our heads in your presence tonight, Father, I want to thank you, Lord, that each and every one of these young people that have come together tonight, I know their schedule is like the rest of us in this age that we're living. They've got all kinds of things going on in their life, and it's it's a very busy time for us. But I'm so thankful that they took time and set this time apart even after having service yesterday. and then they would want to come back again tonight, Lord, to be able to meet together like this and see what you would speak to us. I pray that you'd help me to get out of the way, Father, that I can be able to speak what you've placed upon my heart today. Dear God, I believe that you know exactly what we need. And I am asking you that you'd help each of us that we can pull on the gift of God and receive what we have need of in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you. Thank you for coming tonight. You may be seated. I know you're all so busy and you got so much going on in your life and all of that, but I want to thank you for taking time to be able to to us for us to assemble together like this. I'd like to read to you for just a little bit to get a foundation on this tonight from the message that Brother Brandon preached and he entitled it, How Can I Overcome? Now, I watch not only just what he says and the content of the message whenever he preaches these messages, but I like to look at the title itself because to me, there's volumes within the title and just sometimes the very first preface of a paragraph or two or a page or two and you'll get so much of the direction of what he's going to go. Now a lot of people would think about overcoming and they would go more toward of not just how but what can I overcome or what do I need to overcome this and then do I apply the same principle to that and that and that or do I apply a different principle to a different thing that I'm want to overcome. Now, I'm going to be honest with you tonight as your pastor. I cannot imagine uh all the things that you all in your generation, what you go through and what you face. And I know what I went through as a young person, and you've heard me tell a little bit about the things that I went through as a Christian going to school and all of that, but all that would be so minor in comparison to what you go through in this day and age. But if we do not believe that our Lord Jesus has the same ability and power to help you overcome in your generation as he did brother Rob and his generation, Brother Joe, me and then Brother Daryl and an older generation, then how could we ever serve a God that would lose his power because evil would get more evil and more drastic and that Satan's devices would become more cunning. And we know that he's he's very sharp at what he does. So he's been laying these traps for many many millennia now. And he's got so many many people down through the ages. And so you'd think that the question would be and the prophet addresses it this way in the church age book that people would think that the question would be what can I overcome? But he said actually the question is how do we overcome? Then if we can learn how to overcome, then the principle should apply apply that no matter what it would be that you're facing. So if I would stop right here now and I would begin here with brother Joe and we go down up and down each one of these rows and we would ask each one of you, so what do you deal with in life? Well, it probably depend on what day of the week it is, right? And if it's Monday, it's always worse. you know, if your Mondays like my Mondays and it would be different according to this and that and the other, the mood, the humor you're in. And Satan knows how to to fit exactly the temptation and what he's wanting to bother us with according to our frame of mind and what we're going through. There's certain things naturally that we all gravitate toward because of our human makeup, but he doesn't always use those. Sometimes just spring a new one on us, something that we never even thought about before. So he knows exactly what he's doing, but that's only one side of the battle. So does our God also know what he's doing. And as a matter of fact, he knows exactly what to give us to help us overcome. So I I imagine that every one of you tonight, wouldn't that be one of the greatest desires that you would have as young people, as Christians who are interested in the kingdom of God, in serving the Lord? Could I see the uplifting of your hand to be able to overcome? So whether you're a teenager in your 20s like brother Rob of course younger than I, brother Joe younger than I, brother Daryl we're closer to age. So here we are up in our 60s but still the question would be the same. Would it be your greatest desire, brother Donnie? It would be. So if that would be one of my greatest desires to be able to overcome, what would be one of my greatest disappointments in this life as a Christian? It would be to feel like that I have failed him in not overcoming. Is that yours? &gt;&gt; So Satan knows exactly what to do and how to lay the trap and ensnare us and get us into something. And and really to be honest, one of the things that it gets us in is things that reoccur over and over again. So that's why Paul wrote in the book of Hebrews and said, "Let us lay aside every weight and every sin which does so easily beset us." Now look at that word easily. So it shows us then that there would be certain things that Satan would put in front of us and we are more easily successful than those things than we would be other things. So, if we've got an emergency here tonight, God forbid that we would. So, we've got several exit doors. They're all lit up by red signs. So, there's one there, there, there, there, there. Uh there's one here, but we don't have a sign there. That's mainly for me. So, we've got several access doors. Now, I want you to look back here at this this door, and you can see how thick that wall is. Everybody take a look. Turn your head that way. Now, we've got a metal shell on the outside of this building. But now, I wanted this wall right here super super quiet. So, they come in here and they sprayed my entire study with spray foam. Once I realized how quiet that made my office, I wanted them to spray this entire wall with spray foam. Now, that wall, as you can look and see, probably 18 in thick. So if we had an emergency, we would all be out of our minds to try to tear holes through that wall and go through that all that solid foam and try to tear out on the outside of the metal when there's an emergency exit. Another one, another one, another one, and another one. And it's exactly the way that Satan tries to tackle us. Because all of us have strong points in our life and all of us have weak points. The weak points in our life are sort of like the exit signs and the entrance signs to demon powers. So why would they waste their time on your solid wall that's so strong? Now it cost an extra $5,000 to spray that wall right there. But you know what? The way I looked at it, it was a $5,000 that was well spent. And I believe it was because the traffic going up and down that road. And there's points in your life that's just like that wall. And Satan would try to come against you with certain things and you'd say, "Are you kidding me, devil? Come on. Surely you got one better than that." Well, you know what? He's not going to waste his time on those things anyway. But all of us have these weak spots. Now, I've I've traveled by the grace of God and been privileged to travel in different parts of the world and I've seen the the old city of Jerusalem and a few years ago we was able to go into France and go into Switzerland. Carol was out there was there again in Easter of this year and we were able to go to some old castles that were built back in the medieval times and they're still standing there for you to be able to tour and visit. So the some of their walls we actually had had lunch up in a turret and the windows was about this wide maybe and it was octagon shaped like this original you know original built probably in the 1400s something like that and they were there some of the original stone the original uh things that was there and yet the the enemy would never try to tear through those walls cuz some of them were three foot thick three foot thick and they would have one massive stone right on top of the other. But you know where the most vulnerable place was in those castles? The gates. So in time they would try to modify their gates and Jerusalem's gates now believe it or not. But they still drive cars, real tiny tiny cars through the gates of Jerusalem that were rebuilt hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Now, the walls were told down, but under the one of the Arab sultans, they rebuilt the wall and they use the stones that was in the original building. So, they've got real tiny gates. So, one comes in like this and then it's got a sharp sharp turn that goes like this. So, with a little tiny car, you can actually come through and back up and go forward and back up and go forward and back up and go forward and you can pull a car through that tiny gate. Ain't that right, Carol? So we saw that now because the gates was the most vulnerable parts. What they would do, they would cut a slot right in the top, right above where you'd come in the gate. Now that was for hot boiling oil. Cuz if you got through the first gate, it meant there was another wooden gate there as well. So they figured by the time you were delayed getting through this gate, you're going to be standing right in a good scorching zone. So they're going to have hot oil ready and they're going to fry you like a piece of chicken. Now why? Because their gates was the most vulnerable parts. Now they would try to make ramp parts and they would try to make different things, but you know what? They'd build a ladder and they'd have great big strong guys and them strong guys' wait till you got nearly to the top and they'd get the ladder full then they would push the ladder over and there went that plan. So they realized and every time they would do it then they would learn something by the weakness of the gate and they would try to strengthen that gate and they would remodify constantly redoing. Why? because that was their most vulnerable parts and they were trying to overcome. Now the next time they would attack the same city. You know Jerusalem has been captured over 40 times. 40 times of all the cities in the world. It's been captured more than any of them. Why? It's a sought out prize. Well, let me tell you something, young people. You are more of a prize than Jerusalem or Paris or Los Angeles or Washington DC. The demons out of hell, they want you. &gt;&gt; And one way you ought to be honored because they've already got the majority of the youth of this age. But which one would have the most trophy value? One of you or one that doesn't really even believe the word? don't even believe in God, son of Or if they go to a church and not really taught the power of God, would that really be a trophy that the devil would want on his wall like one of you? Oh, no. No, he would not. You see, he wants to get preachers in denominations. He wants to get preachers in systems and all that. But which do you think would be the most valuable to the devil? Brother Daryl or a denominational preacher that don't even believe that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Which would be the most value to Satan? One of our young brothers here or one of these young men out here that's already smoking dope and shooting their veins full of this and that and the other to try to find a piece that they'll never find in a needle. You know that yourself. So what do we do then? I want you to listen to this and how can I overcome? And brother Brandon was quite a simple man, but God dealt with him in this simplicity. He was down in Kentucky hunting with brother Charlie Cox. Now this was August the 25th when he preaches this. So squirrel season had begun early August. So he said, "I was crossing an old log the other day down a wash what is called a hollow and I jumped up on this log and on the outside it looked good like a a big old beach log." Anybody know what a beach tree is? What it looks like, Brother Paul? All right. Now, beach is a very hard wood, but beach doesn't have pretty grain. It's very straight grains, not very pretty. It's not used for furniture like walnut, hickory, red oak, you know, white oak. It's just not a very pretty wood, excuse me, at all. But what they do is they will take beach and make different things to turn out of it. So they will make spindles and different things, something like this, so that the grain is not very important anyway. And then they found that they can take beach and take a 32th of an inch out of a piece of walnut veneer. Now this is solid walnut. But they will take walnut and slice it like this into a 32nth of an inch. Some even go 164 of an inch. And they will take and lay that over the top of beach. Now, that gives it a real hard core, but it gives it a very, very shallow, beautiful surface. And a little tiny knife from a child or a little ding on that can make that veneer damaged permanently. Why? Because the outer shell is so thin. I don't want to be that kind of Christian. Do any of you all want to be that kind of Christian? I don't want to be a veneer Christian. I want to be a real one from the heart out. So, I want to be able to endure hardships and troubles and difficulties. I want you to notice because these words are are important in the way that he's going to lay this out about how can I overcome. So, I jumped up on the log on the outside. It looked good like a big old beach log. And when I jumped on it, a great chunk of it fell off. It was real rotten and dirty. And I said, "That's the way Christians are becoming. They've been dead in sin and trespasses so long till they become dirty. They can hold no weight at all. They don't know what the overcoming means." And I begin to think of this text. then overcome keep life in you. Now what I find amazing about this beach tree was that no doubt that beach tree must have stood there for many years. Most hardwoods are kind of slow growing. So it may have had 30 40 rings around that tree where it stood there for 30 years. Apparently the taproots, some which go down, some which spread out, must have been near where this branch of water was. So since a little sapling and it took roots in this good fertile soil and it had this taproot which reached toward the water and it was drinking and drinking and growing and growing. Now apparently the prophet didn't know exactly what it was, whether it was a disease. Could it have been a parasite? Could it have been a bug of something that come through? He didn't know exactly what it was, but the log was laying there. Could it been that a that a logger came through and cut part of it out and took the best part of it and left part of it laying? He didn't really know. All he knew was that he jumped up on that big thing. And when he did, a big chunk of that log fell off. Now, what it was supposed to been for was support to give him the ability to move across that beach log to go from point A to point B. Now, looking at it, he thought, "Oh, it'll be fine. I've done that many times myself and then hunting and things and you jump up on something to take you across a branch of water or creek or something that way." And yet, you don't know many times if it's rotten or whatever's on the inside. So when he stepped up and when he did and he put his weight on it, there it went. Now you know we find that same thing in and around our message. We find it in other Christian churches and people that you think are people that can really help you and you can, you know, you can put confidence and strength and they'll be they'll be real stable Christians. And then when you think you really need them and you go to them and you find out they're having a harder time than you are &gt;&gt; and then you think, "Oh my goodness, if they're having a hard time, how in the world can I ever do it?" Well, let me just give you a little bit of advice tonight. Don't look at any man, any woman, any boy and girl and think that they themselves are strong within themsel because every one of us, including our pastor, including every minister in the church, our youth leaders, including our prophet, we're all human beings and we all have to overcome things in our life. Is that right? As I said yesterday, every one of you Christians here tonight, you've got this spiritual sign on you. I am still under construction, but I'm glad I'm still under construction. Now, I want you to notice he says, "Overcome, keep life in you." So, when the life went out, that's what brought that log to that condition. And it made it worse than ever when it laid in the branch where the water was. Now, this thing had no doubt lived on the supply of this water for years and drunk in and drunk in and it got bigger and bigger and massive. My those beach trees in Kentucky and there's big ones there in East Tennessee, too. I've seen them. They can become so massive you cannot reach your arms around them. Mighty winds will come through and blow and blow and them things will stand there. all they can endure such violent storms. It's incredible. I've been out hunting before and get caught in storms and and actually stand underneath the beach tree because other little dog woods will be falling pines will be snapping off, but a beach tree, I mean, you can just about bet on it. It's going to be there. But something had happened to the beach. Now, notice how how he he types this about Christians and their lives. So something had happened and the beach had died. Something the life, what was it? The life had gone out. So apparently part of the bark was still there. More than likely, brother Brandon would never have jumped up on that tree, brother Daryl, if it would have been like some of the trees you and I have seen. And you could see visibly that it was rotten. You see, but it was rotten from the inside. But it looked like, well, he's a hunter. He he was he was a great sportsman in the woods. No sportsman is going to climb up on that thing thinking it's it can support you whenever you know by looking at it this thing is rotten and it might fall with me and I'd break a leg. What am I going to do out here by myself? So it must have looked like that you know it was down but it was not rotten. When did he find out it was rotten? weight pressure that revealed it and it made it worse than ever when it laid in the branch where the water was. So now what what was it then? It wasn't water alone, the spirit as we'd liken the water to. It wasn't just the tree being around water spirit that made it grow. But it was actually life in the tree. Life in the tree. Now, it tapped into the water and as long as life was there, then the water would make it grow and strong and put out leaves and it go through the cycles of life and it would stand there and endured many a season, no doubt. But once the life left it, then what happens? The same water that made it grow turned it into a dirty mess. Oh, how sad. How sad. And it made it worse than ever when it laid in the branch where the water was was. Then there you take a Christian that's supposed to be a Christian, let the life of God go from him and the experience, the joy of serving Christ. How many has to battle that in the day we're living? You can be honest. I'm going to have put my hands up so I can encourage you to. I deal with so much sadness, friends. I deal with so much death. I deal with so many hospital visits and psychiatric visits and one thing after another. Sad news, terrible news, divorce, separation, all kinds of things. I have to fight to keep my joy. It's not that I don't have joy in Jesus. I do. But the weight that I bear as a servant of God, just in having this church, the size of our church and the hundreds of people here that call me their pastor, that within itself weighs so heavy on me. But because we have streamers around the world that don't have a church to go to and they look to me as their pastors and you know what, they get in trouble, they want a phone call, they want a text, they want an email, they want this, that, the other. and I try my best to try to help them if I can. And then you've got all of that that goes on, then all of this that goes on around the world. And we see that. But it takes the spirit of God to help us to realize that we can become so burdened with our work, we let the devil rob us of our personal walk with God itself. Anybody knows what I'm talking about? But you know who's the only one that can stop that? Now you may hear that tonight and you say, "Oh my goodness, I'm going to pray for brother Donnie Moore." Well, I hope you do. I thank you for that if you do. But you within yourself cannot put a stop to that. My wife Carol, oh, what a what a great queen I have from the Lord there to help me and lift me up and pick me up. Everything that she can do, she does it. But she cannot be able to turn that corner in my life to where I draw the line and say, "Now wait a minute, devil, you have trespassed. You have trespassed." You understand that? For preachers, especially in the age now that we're living, they can be so consumed with their own work and the burden of the work. I mentioned to you Moses yesterday. Moses got so caught up in his work with the people that Moses himself didn't even circumcise his own son. Now, can you imagine the work was so great and so large that he left off a part of his own personal commitment to God and his commitment to his family because of the great work. Was that pleasing to the Lord? No way. I could be so worried about you all and study constantly for you all and pray constantly for you all and be labored for people in Tanzania and Zimbabwe and Kenya and in Iceland and in Africa and in Greenland and all over everywhere else and be absolutely so sad and so low in my own life with God. And what good am I to anybody when I get that way? So what good are you &gt;&gt; if you get that way? Now watch what he says. Oh my. And the joy of serving Christ and living in a church where such is going on. Now watch. He's describing a beach tree Christian. So the life, the joy, the experience, the joy of just coming to church, the joy of oh my singing, clapping your hands, worshiping the Lord, the joy of being able to come to a youth service on Monday night. Praise God. We get to have church again. Thank the Lord. We get to go to hell. We're going to have good food. We're going to have a good time with the rest of brothers and sister. We're going to have question answers, or so you thought. and we're going to have a few songs and brother Paul's going to sing and the brothers are going to Oh, it's going to be so good. Or do you just come in and say, "Okay, well, I'm going to go. Mom will get on me if I don't go. Brother Donnie will probably call the deacons and they'll get on me if I don't go." No, that what God wants it to be. God wants it to be joy. Oh, hallelujah. Joy unspeakable. Now, listen. What happens then to a person though that doesn't have that life in there? The joy of serving Christ living in a church where such is going on, he rottens twice as quick. Do you understand? In the environment that the Lord Jesus has given us at our church, there's life, there's healing, there's miracles, they're supernatural. But here's the dangerous part about our church. People who don't have life in them and don't keep the joy of the Lord going in their heart, they will rotten twice as quick as a Baptist, a Methodist, a Presbyterian. Why? They might get a drop every now and then, but you get river service after service. Young people, you all have seen so many miracles in your life. Did you hear the testimony about Sister Phoebe's brother who had that limp mode and took the prayer cloth and put on him and the doctor went to do the surgery on him? &gt;&gt; No surgery needed. That's only a small thing compared to the things that you have heard and seen in your lifetime. Do you understand? There's people that live in this area right here that's 75, 80, 85 years old and have never seen one miracle in their life. And you have seen one after another after another. You're blessed, young people. You're blessed to see the mighty hand of God. Can you say amen to that? But it's our responsibility then to overcome. Now you, oh, brother Donnie, why why do we feel that death? Well, they asked the prophet the question and question answer 64. You know, brother Brandon, why can't we pray and and have revival? He said, "Well, brother, sister, the reason is is because the revival is over." Now, remember, that does not mean that we just come to church and just hang out, you know, just barely endure. But the point is, revival for the world is over. Revival for our nation is over. That don't mean our church can't have revival. And that don't mean that you as an individual can't have revival. And that don't mean that your family can't have revival. As a matter of fact, a revival might start in this church by Levi and then it gets a hold of his mama and gets a hold of his sister and gets a hold of his daddy and then he they're so set on fire. Then they go to talking to this one and that one and that one. Oh, you say, "Well, won't it come from the pastor?" Who says it has to come from the pastor? It might come from one of you sisters. It might come from one of you brothers. But I'll tell you the way I feel about it. I want to be on fire for God. I want revival to be inside of me. I ain't going to be no rotten beach tree because I never know who's going to call me at 3:00 in the morning and they're in a car wreck. I never know when I'm going to get a phone call and they're old brother Donnie, my husband's in the hospital in the ER and he's had a heart attack. Believe me, I've been there before. I've walked into the ER and catch one of our brothers in the middle of a heart attack, lay hands on him by the grace of God, and watch God Almighty stop that heart attack and catch the doctor so by surprise they didn't know what to do. That's the God I'm talking about. I don't want to get dirty. I mean, knows what I'm saying. So, you see, as the people of God, we've got to overcome. And don't think because you're battling that there's something wrong with you. That's a great sign that the devil hasn't got you. Are you going to fall flat? Sometimes you are. But my question to you is this. What you going to do when you fall flat? You going to lay there and wallow in self-pity and say, "Poor little me, poor little that." Or are you going to get up and wipe your clothes off and wipe your face off and straighten out your clothes and say, "Devil, you got me down, but you ain't going to keep me down by the grace of God. I'm going to learn by this mistake. When I fall fat on my face, I don't want to just get up and say, "Well, forgive me, Lord, but I'm going to go back and say, "How did I let that happen to me? By the grace of God, I don't want to happen again." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And the young people said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." Notice he rottens twice as quick, right? Living right under. So, we're trying to follow the message of the hour or at least this part of the message. We should live constantly in the life of Christ. See, cuz if you don't, you lay around and you know that these things you're supposed to do and you don't do it. He's he that knoweth to do good. Now, this is where we'll get in trouble. He that knoweth to do good and doeth it not to him at sin. Then you become dirty, rotten when you're separated from the life of God. So strive with all that's in you to stay in the life of Christ that you be fruitbearing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Anybody here ever failed and you feel so ashamed going toward God you don't feel like you can even pray and you just feel like getting in his presence that you feel so embarrassed and so ashamed because you fell short of the glory of God. Why do we do that? Because heaven has touched our lives. Heaven has touched our souls and made us conscience of his presence. And for us to feel like that we're failing him and falling short of his glory, oh my, it's one of the heaviest burdens that a child of God can labor against is that feeling like that we're falling short of the glory of God. But we must learn and trust God to help us to give us the strength and the power no matter what you're facing. Now, if I'd start with brother Joe tonight and we'll start across the front and then we'll start all the way back through there and then each of you would stand your opportunity would be well this bothers me and that bothers me. Well, I figure by the time we start with brother Joe, the church would be empty because everybody else would be done gone. &gt;&gt; It'd be a bathroom pit stop, wouldn't it? Everybody's gone to the bathroom at one time and then they got to go get a drink of water and then they need a little sugar cuz they got to have a dessert and they got to have a drink of water and then I just go ahead and dismiss cuz I figure y'all wasn't coming back. Because most of us would not want most everybody to know the things we go through. Why? Because we have a stigma about Christianity. And I find it so difficult around the message of the hour that people want to think as if though oh I'd never let nobody know that I'm a human. Really? We know you are anyway. We know you are. Whether or not you tell us you stink like we do. Your breath sinks just like mine does. And you get up morning and if you don't take a shower, you know, especially in this hot weather, your old body's going to stink. Come on, somebody. You're human like we are, you're going to fall short of the glory of God. Every one of us in this building, including the man preaching to you, needs the grace of God, the mercy of God, the peace of God, the strength of God. Without it, I would be afraid to walk out that door and live another day, &gt;&gt; sir. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, but brother Donnie, yeah, but you're the preacher. Why you don't make no mistakes? Oh, yes, I do. I'm a human just like you are. And does, Brother Joe, you still make mistakes, brother? Really, Brother Rob? Oh, no. Brother Daryl, not you. No, no, no. Brother Daryl, don't tell me. Look at him. He's back there shaking his head. Even brother Daryl still makes mistake. I tell what you do. Go home and ask your mom and dad tonight after church if they do. &gt;&gt; Right. On second thought, maybe that one. Of course they do. Why? Because we're humans. Our humanization does not take away from what God has done in our soul. But he wants us to be overcomers in this age. This is who he's coming for. Oh, you know, in every age, John wrote to a certain group in every church age. The name of the church age was different. The reward was different. The battle was a little different, but there was one word which was a common thread through the entirety of over 2,000 years, and that was this word, blessed is he that overcomes. There was one thing, brother Jonathan, they had in common, and that was to be an overcomer. You know who's going in the resurrection? Overcomers. You know who's going in the rapture alive? Overcomers. You know who's going to be granted to sit with him on his throne? Overcomers. Had nothing to do with rich, fat, pretty, ugly, skinny. Has nothing to do with any of that. Sing like a mocking bird or can't carry a tune in a fivegallon lord bucket. But there's one thing every one of them have in common. Every one of them, hallelujah, is overcomers. Men, women, boys, girls, black, white, red, yellow, there's something every one of them's got in common. And I'd like the devil to know tonight that out of word of life church, there's not only going to be 70 year old overcomers and 80year-old overcomers. There's going to be boys in their teens. There's going to be girls in their teens and in their 20s and in their 30s. I want the devil to know tonight that we have got his number and we're not meeting him on our own. We're meeting him in the power of our resurrected Lord Jesus. We've got brothers in our church that's going to overcome pornography. They're going to put it under their feet. We've got sisters that's going to overcome pride and arrogance and whatever more. Whatever Satan throws at you by the grace of God, our father is greater than them all. If he could overcome death, if he could overcome hell, if he could overcome the grave, what is you and I and our trouble that he can't overcome? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I feel that preaching. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh my. You know, anytime we look at something like this, it's always the law of contrast. And preaching is built on this this contrast. So there'll be positive examples that you'll use and many times there'll be negative ones that you will use. And the prophet did this in the sermon, how can overcome? and he refers to Lot's wife. Even Jesus himself in Luke 17 said, "Remember Lot's wife." Which is absolutely phenomenal to me because he never did say, "Remember Sarah or remember Rebecca or remember Deborah, which was Rebecca's nurse, which is a great notable woman, or remember this woman or that woman or remember Ruth, or remember Esther?" Why would Jesus say remember Lot's wife? And it's within the proximity of just a couple of verses of when he gives one of the great prophetic scriptures of the end time, the coming of the son of man. So he tells people in that age of the revealing of the son of man. Remember Lot's wife? Why? She's going to type some of the people in this age. Oh, brother Donnie, that scares me. That scares me. Don't let it scare you. You've got to find your place somewhere in the word. Don't let fear make you a Lot's wife. Let faith make you an Abraham's wife, &gt;&gt; an Isaac's wife. You got to find yourself somewhere. All right. &gt;&gt; Notice he says, "In the days of Lot," Jesus referred to it, "and there were only three that overcome." Lot and his two daughters, not even his wife didn't overcome. She started out. She's a type. Wish we had time. My 30 minutes is up now. He said, "She done all right. She left." Now, I've got to give this to you just a moment. many of you has left too. Now remember, he's not preaching this in a denominational church. He's preaching this in his own church. So now watch him type some of the people that are sitting there around the message. Many of you has left too. Many of you has left these things to take your stand after you search through the scripture and find it's right. My goodness, you've seen the vindication of Almighty God. Now watch, he's addressing some of his congregants there and telling them what they've seen, what they've experienced. They've seen Almighty God. They've seen God do this and do that. And he said, not by what somebody said was a vindication, but what the Bible said would be here it is doing it. You saw it was the truth. So, you've set out to leave Sodom, leave the denomination, leave the things that bind you to a creed and to follow Christ by the Holy Spirit vindicating himself by the written word. Other words, you took the Bible instead of the creed. You've set out to follow. Well, Lot's wife did the same thing. Now, this is what is so frightening. Do you realize I've been here at the church now 37 years? I think, Carol, that's what it is. There's been enough people come through our church in that amount of time that if they were all still here, I ain't talking about people now that's passed and gone on or, you know, maybe relocate because of a job or something like that and still serving the Lord. I'm just talking about people that have come to God, backslid, got away from the Lord. We would have to have a church building probably one and a half times bigger than the one we've got. And they've see God move. Many of them be healed. Many of them be delivered. Many of them be touched by the power of God. I run into them from time to time. They look like, "Oh my goodness, you just can't imagine." act like the world, talk like the world. Yet, they left Sodom at one time and embraced this word and said, "Oh, what a message. What a church. This is exactly what I'm looking for." But I guess they found out it wasn't exactly what they was looking for. And so did Lot's wife. Now, he said, "She done all right. She left." Oh, yeah. She'd done all this stuff and I noticed he said, "Well, Lot's wife did the same thing. You know, she set out to go with Lot, follow her husband, her children, her loved ones." But it wasn't in her heart. She still loved the world. So, it's possible you can make a start and still be the world in you. See, she never overcome even though she was well on the road. Now you imagine angels of God walked into their home. Angels of God which come down from heaven walked into their home and took them literally by the hand. Angels from the presence of God and led them out of Sodom and gave them a simple simple command. Don't look back. Now, can you imagine nothing said about her hair, nothing about the length of her dress, nothing about all kinds of dos and don'ts and dos and don'ts and dos and don'ts. Only one little simple thing was given her not to do and she could not follow that through. Don't you look back. Now, we know that they had some family that was still left back there. As a matter of fact, the prophet said that she heard her grandchildren crying and screaming. So, you imagine they go out of Sodom and fire and brimstone comes down out of heaven. And this this land was a land of Bituman. Betuman. It's asphalt pitch tar t a r. So they had pits that they'd come and dig out through there. We stood there several years ago and there's a big rock there that they call Lot's wife, which looks like the shape and the image of a woman. So when the fire come down out of heaven, it would have been one explosion after another after another and one fireball hit the city and another and another and another. Oh, it must have got thousands of degrees hot. And Lot, the Bible said whenever he began to warn his sons-in-law, he becomes one that malt to them. Why? because he didn't have no testimony. &gt;&gt; He had followed the message formerly, but he had pulled away from the messenger and kind of went out on his own, you know, just to get away from the messenger. And he become the mayor. So he said at the gate, at the gate was where they done all the business, the transactions, deeds, titles, so on. So he becomes a man of esteem and no doubt his wife was a woman of esteem. She was looked up to and my she had such reproach to bear you know under the tent of Abraham and oh he he run things tight around his place. But there's one thing about it. They run it tight but they had the visit of Elohim. Give me that any day out of the week. But you imagine hearing your grandchildren or friends or someone that you knew and loved and you recognize their voice and the fires coming out of heaven and they scream and you simply turn your head. What was it? Sundown in Sodom. And when sundown came, it brought an angelic visitation in the evening time. But with the breaking of a new day, it was destruction. So she simply just turns back from behind him, her husband, and what happens to her? She gets a body change. So in the days of Sodom, people were getting body changes, not for a rapture, but out of the ordinary. H we see it all around us today, too, don't we, Sodom? Boys been changed into girls, girls being changed into boys, and you know, tattoos here and this and that and the other. What is it about the age that we're living that people are wanting to modify and change and do all this stuff to their bodies? What is it? God gave her a body change. All right. But it's one I don't want. Anybody here want a body change like that? I didn't think so. But she could have asked her in different stages of the journey. Miss Lot, how you doing? Glory to God. I thank God for the message of the hour. Oh, where would we be if it was not for the message of the hour? But of course, after she left Abraham, she probably wanted to put a YouTube video up, you know, say, "Oh, I got set free from that cult I was in. Oh, it was so much bondage. I've got so much freedom now. I'm I'm so happy and I've got so much freedom." And my you know as we was up there Abraham never would let none of them camel trains come down through there from Egypt and they had all them worldly clothes but now they ever one come right through the middle of Sodom. Well, I've got access to all the worldly goods and this and that. I wonder if we could go with Lot and ask him, Mr. Lot, would you tell us? Would you do that again? Would you pull away from the messenger of the hour? Mr. Lot, your first mistake was when the messenger told you, "If you go to the left, I'll go to the right. You go to the right, I'll go to the left." You choose yourself. And Mr. Lot, you probably know it by now, but we want to remind you, your first mistake was you didn't counsel God's messenger. You didn't ask him, "Oh, prophet of God, what should I do? Tell me, give me direction." Young people, don't make that same mistake. There's one way for us to overcome in this age that we're living. We must keep God's word before us. Your vocation in life is not just your choice. God gifts you and God enables you to do certain things and you'll save yourself and God a lot of trouble if you go to him and ask him, "Lord, lead me. Lead me as to what I should be. Lead me as to what I should do." You keep him before you in all things. It'll make your life so much easier. Oh, I wonder as Lot. Now, you imagine hearing your wife scream and something go on, but yet you can't look back. You can't look back yourself cuz if you do, you'll become what she has become. So now you and your daughters have to press toward the city zor little one and you have to leave your wife standing there as a pillar of salt because she didn't overcome. How sad. Notice he says, "Oh Lord God, so it's possible you can make a start and still the world be in you." She never overcome. And even though she was well on the road, it finally overthrowed her. And she had to take that one big long last look. What's wrong in just looking? Now, your brother's not those of you that are just present, but those of you that'll hear this. You wonder what what's wrong in looking on your phone at images that's not becoming for a son of God. You say, "What? What? What does one look do?" I wonder if we could beckon Miss Lot's wife tonight and say, "Miss Lot, we're going to give you a few minutes to testify. Miss Lot, what would you say to these daughters of God here? What would you say to these young men? What would you tell them not to do, Miss Lot?" I would tell them never take that long look toward the world. Tell them boys to never even start looking at them websites that's not becoming to them because all it takes is one long look and then it forms and starts from there. That was the last thing we could hear her say that I remember. I just simply turned and looked. I didn't even say anything. I never even harad and hooray for the Sodommites. I never even said, "I agree with you, Sodom. I agree. Amen. I agree." All I've done was looked. I just simply looked, Lord Jesus. Oh my. The prophet said she finally had to take that one big long last look. That's where she got caught. Don't even look back. Don't have no desires. Keep going. Put your mind on Calvary. Keep moving towards Christ. She started out as an overcomer. But she never did overcome her. Oh, she left the denomination. She did. She walked out of Sodom with Lot, but she wanted to go back and have her haircut. You know what I mean? She had to go back. She couldn't stand the test. She had to look back again to see what the rest of them was doing. So it wasn't like she took off running. Wait, wait, wait, wait for me. Wait for me. And she got burned up. She never got burned up in the fires of Sodom. But she becomes so hard and changed from a mortal which could make a choice into a hardened substance of rock. Oh young people, no wonder that the scripture tells us while it is today, be not as those who turn down their opportunity. Harden not your heart as it was in the days of the provocation. My my Don't you want to overcome? &gt;&gt; No matter how many things you face and what you deal with and what you go through, don't let Satan defeat you because you're dealing with things and with issues and you think, "Brother Donnie, I'm just so ashamed. I can't even come to church anymore just because I, you know, this is bothering me. That's bothering me. Well, let me tell you, you keep right on coming. There's people in our church that smoke cigarettes. And I preach against smoking cigarettes. I sent word to someone not long ago to tell their loved one because I knew they smoke cigarettes and I knew it discouraged them whenever I or Brother Joe or anybody else would say something about it. So, I sent word to their loved one cuz I'd missed seeing them. And I told them, I said, "I want you to tell so and so that I said, "Come back to church. I know they smoke. The Lord knows they smoke and the devil knows they smoke, but I figure their chance of getting delivered is better in the house of God than it is staying out." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, young people, I don't care what you're dealing with. come back to the house of God. I don't care what you're fighting. I don't care the battles that you're dealing with. And you may be so ashamed that you can't even hardly look me in the face, but that's all right. Just if you have to, turn your head and I'll walk by. That's all right. Oh, but come show that devil, devil, I ain't where I want to be and I ain't where I'm going to be, but I'll tell you one thing. I'm still loving God and I'm pressing. I may not be exactly what I was 6 months ago or 6 weeks ago, but 6 weeks from now, I don't plan on being what I am now either. And this is one of the best places I know of to get changed by the power of God. Don't you let the devil discourage you and keep you from coming to youth services and coming to Sunday school and coming to everything we have for you. That's why we've got church is to be able to help one another. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the young people said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; God bless you. Listen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. How many loves him tonight with all your heart? Praise the Lord Jesus. Let me jump over here. There's a little something that I wanted to wanted to read to you if I can find it. It's I I believe it'll be a blessing and a help to you. The prophet's talking about the Lord Jesus and he said, "Look, temptation was for him." You know that the Bible said way in the back, brothers, it's uh actually how can overcome paragraph 104. He was tempted by women. He was tempted by drinking. He was tempted by women. He was tempted by everything that we could be tempted by. He was tempted by everything that we are. He was a man. And yet you couldn't put a mark on him. Well, you say, "Brother Donnie, how in the world could he be tempted by everything we are?" They didn't have marijuana in them days. They didn't have cigarettes in them days. They didn't have cocaine and meth and all that in them days. You're right. They didn't. But see, you're still looking at what? I'm looking at how. &gt;&gt; There's only three ways that all of us are tempted. The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life. That's the way all temptations, one of the three, or it can be two, or it can be all three at one time. That's the means that Satan uses to tempt us. Jesus didn't have to be tempted by watching R-rated movies. They didn't have movies in that day. They didn't have any any of the the technology, you know, that we do. That's right. But it's exactly the same way that Satan will try to get you and I. Lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes of the pride of life. And Jesus overcome all three. And he told us in the book of John, "Be of good cheer. I have overcome the world." Which I find absolutely amazing. His blood had not been shed. He had not been beat. He had not been crucified. He had he had not died yet nor raised from the dead. But he had already overcome the world as a living testimony. Why? He had faced all of these three avenues. lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, and the pride of life. And he had already overcome them, not as a risen savior, but as a man filled with the Holy Ghost. Praise be to God. Aren't you glad that's our key, brother Daryl? If he would have said that after he raised from the dead, it would still be unfair to us. So, a resurrected being says, "Be of good cheer. I've overcome the world." Well, sure you have. You've raised from the dead. But he let us know before I'm even going to Calvary to die for you, I've already overcome. And when you get my life in you, you can overcome the same way. Oh, young people, I want to stand there with you when we walk before the Lord that day. I hope I'm alive. I hope I'm alive when it comes and I'll be able to stand back there and see all of you coming. Praise God. We'll stand there together. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Don't you want to be there? By the grace of God, I want to look back there and see you, you and your mommies, your daddies, you know, your brothers, your sisters, all that sort of thing, just standing there together. And I can turn around and say, "Lord, Lord, here here's what here's what you gave me." We'll stand there with the prophet of God. And all the pastors, all the ministers will stand right up there, and the prophet will present the bride of this age. And there'll be the little subsidiary groups and, you know, the different churches from all over the world. And there they'll stand. And you want to stand there. And there will be John. And there will be Mark. And there'll be Luke. And there'll be Bartholomew and Timothy. And there'll be those saints that were beheaded in their day. And you'll walk up. And them children of God will look at you. And you'll run and grab them. And they'll grab you. Praise be to God. What an hour. What a time. It'll be worth everything we've gone through. Everything you've give up. Oh, that might seem so hard now. It'll be so trivial when we get there that day. Can we bow our heads? Would you mind laying your hand over on that person standing by you? I I know you face a lot of things, young people. I know you go through so much in life. Be encouraged tonight. The Lord Jesus is mindful of you. I believe with all of my heart he put this on my heart today. I I just couldn't couldn't get away from it. It just bearing on me and bearing on me. I thought, Lord, I'm just going to follow you. Now, you're not going to pray for yourself, but you're going to pray for them. Now, it might be your best friend and maybe you're knowing what they're going through and then it might be that they don't even tell you that deep secret in their heart. But we're going to pray for one another that God will help us. Lord Jesus, thank you for your word tonight. Lord, thank you for your presence that we sense is near us tonight, Lord Jesus. I pray for these young people, Father. Lord God, I'm sure that &gt;&gt; if they would just open up to me and to Brother Rob, to Brother Joe, and share with us the different things that that they go through, Lord, it would be heart-wrenching for us. But Lord, as their leaders, we desire to do everything we can to help them. We're here, Father, to make a difference in their life. Lord God, we don't want them to feel, Lord, that they could never come to us or that they would be so embarrassed. Lord, I always want to be a a pastor that they would feel comfortable to come and talk to. Help me, Lord Jesus, that I can be able to be the kind of man, Lord, that they know if they come that their secret will never go any farther. Lord, oh Jesus, now they have their hands one upon the other. young men, young women, some of them married, Lord, but we're praying for each other tonight. Maybe that young man that's battling something so difficult, Lord, he's fallen to it many times, but he's standing here tonight, Lord, and he's sick of it. Lord God, he wants to be delivered. That young sister, father that's failed so many times to whatever it is in her life. Lord God, I know I've preached to more than just a small group of young people. It will reverberate around the world. Father, I pray for every man, woman, boy, and girl. Lord, no matter what they're going through, dear God, if they're at home, if they're streaming, wherever they are in the name of Jesus, may the spirit of God come in their living room, come in their car right now. Father, we agree together on the promise of your word. Lord, we don't want to just be theological Christians. We don't want to just be Christians that can talk about the mysteries of the word and the great things that the prophet of God brought. But we want to be Christians that have victory in our lives. Father, victory over besetting sins, victory over things that Satan wants to bring us down with. Lord, we don't want to be the type of Christians that has to hang our head in shame, but we want to be able to look at the things that we face in life and by the grace of God, put them under our feet. Oh God, I pray for them tonight. Father, I pray for every man, woman, boy, and girl, Lord Jesus, in our assembly and those, Lord God, that look to this place as their home church. Father, I pray for them, Lord, in the name of Jesus. The men, the women, the married couples, Lord, whoever they are, in Jesus Christ's name. May the spirit of God just move and minister to every one of them, Lord. Oh, what a day of victory it'll be on that resurrection morning when the saints of God would have achieved that ultimate of goals, and that is that our bodies will be changed. And the prophet Paul said, "In that day that the saying shall be brought to pass, death is swallowed up in victory." We first laid aside smoking and we laid aside this and we laid aside that. And we kept laying aside until we come to the ultimate victory and that was old age, mortality, pain, sickness, disease. And in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, the same power of God that changed us to a new creature will change our bodies. And we'll all become young in a moment, Lord God. Oh Jesus. It'll be that same power that helps us overcome now. It'll only be a multiplication of that same power that'll change our bodies on that resurrection morning. Would you grant it, Lord? We love you tonight, Father. We worship you, Lord Jesus. We worship you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your word tonight, Lord. Thank you for your presence, Lord. I want to be more of an overcomer, Father, in my life. Oh Jesus, we've been made more than conquerors, overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, most of us will never stand and say, "Well, I donated $100,000 for this. I gave 50,000. I bought 2700 Bibles. I done this and that." Most of us will never be able to say that. But oh God, we want to be able to stand that day and say, "By the grace of God, I was an overcomer. My lot in life was little compared to this man and that man, but I stood for what God wanted me to stand. I know when I stand there that day, Lord, I'll stand there and watch great men walk up there and get their rewards. I've been so privileged to rub shoulders with some of the greatest men of God in this age. I thank you for giving me that honor. I'll never be what they are, but Lord, I only want to be what you've made me to be. But this one thing I do ask you to let me be. Let me be an overcomer. Let me be an overcomer in the little patch of territory that's mine. Let me overcome, Father. All the Philistines, all the Hittites, all the Amorites, come against me, Lord God. Let me take up my ox goat as it was. Lord, I may never be a Samson. I may never be a great victor like them. There may not be but one story wrote about my life like it was some of the heroes in the Bible. But if I ain't got nothing but an ox goat in my hand, let me take that ox goat and one battle. Let let it be written about my life that I slayed 600 Philistines. Then Lord God, let me be an overcomer. Granted, Lord Jesus, I've never asked you for money. I've never asked you for fame, fortune. I've never asked you for a big position in the message, but I will ask you for this tonight. Let me be an overcomer. &gt;&gt; An overcomer in this life, Lord God. I would rather have that than fame. I would rather have that than fortune. I would rather have that than money. I would rather have that than notoriety. Lord God, let me overcome whatever I go through in life. Father, make us overcomers, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's worship him tonight. &gt;&gt; Overcomers in this life. &gt;&gt; Let's worship him together. Brother Paul leads us now. &gt;&gt; You've been made. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Glor. &gt;&gt; Oh father, let that be our testimony of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Everybody now with all your heart just sing it. We've been made more than conqueror conquer conquerors. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Overcomers in this life. [Music] &gt;&gt; We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord God. We've been made more than conerors, overcomeers in this life. [Music] We've been made victorious. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Through the blood of Jesus Christ. Sing it again, too. Oh, we've been made more than coner overcomeers in this life. [Music] We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made more than coner overcomers in this world. [Applause] [Music] We've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. [Music] Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra [Music] my proider. Jehovah n Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah shalom my prince of peace. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And I worship you because of who you are. Oh, because of who you are, I give you glory. [Music] Because of who you are, I give you praise. Oh, because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra my proider Jehovah n Lord you reign in victory Jehovah shalom my prince of peace and lord I worship you because of who you are and I worship you because of who you are. Oh Jehovah Shyra my proider Jehovah na Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah shalom [Music] my prince of peace. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. One more time. Because of who you are, I give you glory. [Music] Oh, because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. [Music] Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra, my proider, Jehovah n Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. [Applause] Wonderful. How wonderful. Well, God bless you all. Hope you enjoyed that tonight. I certainly did. Uh, one thing that I picked out and I'm so thankful for that maybe you didn't recognize is when when brother Donnie goes a full different direction. That's not human nature. Human nature is to f to follow what you have planned. So, the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. That is unique. That's not something I've seen in life. Okay. to actually come out before a number of people and go a totally different direction is not comfortable for us. So that's something very special and it's for a lot of people and I just enjoy it so much. Overcoming we all need to and what it is that as youth leaders or as the pastor would say of of course we're here to serve you &gt;&gt; and it's something that strengthens us helps us to overcome and one thing that helps me overcome is when I love him more I find it a whole lot easier to overcome. &gt;&gt; That's right. And when I love you, I find it a whole lot easier to overcome, too. And what we want to see in a celebratory way is that when you love each other, that's when we know we are on it is when you have one love one for another, right? And fulfill that. Let's pray. Dear Lord, thank you for your grace. Thank you so much for this opportunity. Have us to recognize these are the good old days. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; It's not something down the road. It is today. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, this day, and forever. Thank you so much for your revelation. Lord, give us more and more revelation. Revelation of all the things that we have need of, Lord. You know what we have need of and we are your sheep. We follow your leading. We thank you, Lord, for the grace of God. We thank you for the understanding of your word and we thank you, Lord, for the journey home. And we pray in Jesus Christ's name. We love you. Amen. Sing more than conquerors again. We've been made more than coner. Sing it as you go. More overcomeers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] We've been made more than coner, overcomeers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made more than coner. [Music]
