################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - Getting In The Spirit Pt. 167 - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt. 167
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaB2IrT-YWE
========================================

[Music] [Music] be quiet. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] by D. [Music] [Music] [Music] Holly [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] war was over. [Music] Oh, and I don't have all the answers. I held on till the storm was over. Not because I'm good. Not because I'm not because I'm strong. I held on. Oh, I held on till the storm was over. I don't claim to be a hero. And I don't have all the answers, but I held on till the storm was over. [Music] Not because I'm good. Not because I'm great. Not because I'm strong. Lord, I held on. Oh, you ask me how it is that I'm still standing. And you wonder how I made it through this storm. I can't boast of any special [Applause] powers. There's no secret. I just held on. Oh, I held on till the storm was over. I don't claim to be a hero and I don't have all the answers, but I held on till the storm was over. Not because I'm good, not because I'm great, not because I'm strong. Oh, when I held [Music] on, I can tell the things are finally [Applause] happening. I've got blessings I can call my own. Many times I wondered if I would make it. But while I was wondering, I just kept holding on. I held on till the storm was over. I don't claim to be a hero and I don't have all the answers. I hel till the storm was over. Not because I'm good, not because I'm great, not because I'm strong. Oh, but I held on. I can tell the things are finally [Music] happening. I've got blessings I can call my [Music] own. Many times I've wondered if I would make it. While I was wondering, I just kept holding [Music] on till the storm was [Music] over. I don't claim to be a hero. And I don't have all the answers. And I alone till the stor was over. Not because I'm good, not because I'm great, not because I'm strong. Oh, and I held on till the stor. I don't claim to be a hero and I don't have all the answers. I will just tell the story is over. Not because I'm good, not because I'm great. Not because I'm strong. Oh, but I held on. Till the storm is over. I don't claim to be hero. And I don't have all the answers. I am till the show is over. Not because I'm good. Not because I'm great. Not because I'm strong. I held on. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. You happy to be in the service this evening? Amen. Had a beautiful day of sunshine out on the outside. Hoping the sun will shine in the building tonight. Amen. Want to have some prayer requests. Want to remember tonight. Um please pray for Laura Snow. Uh she exper experienced an aortic dissection while traveling on Monday. They were able to get her to a hospital quickly but is still in very serious condition. She's had three major surgeries so far and surgeon has said most people don't live through this. Um want to please remember her husband Randy and her four children. So we certainly want to remember that need tonight. Amen. And that family. Uh, brother Charles Anon wants us to remember his mom, uh, Sister Ruth Anon, and she's in the hospital with an infection. Also for his daughter, Sister April Weisner, still in the hospital tonight. So, we certainly remember those needs. Uh, Sister Ruth Louise Jax called, has an urgent prayer request for her daughter, Elizabeth Anne. She has a infection in her mouth causing her severe pain. Please pray for God to move on her behalf. also remember her other daughter in prayer and granddaughters concerning physical, legal, and spiritual needs they're facing. So, we want to remember those needs tonight. Uh, Sister Wanda Batman, uh, appreciate being remembered in prayers. She's battling flu-l like symptoms um or flu symptoms and abdominal pain and says, "Thanks so much for praying for her." Uh, we remember that knee tonight. Couple of testimonies this evening. Uh, Sister Janet Payne turned this in. I want to thank the Lord and the church for their prayers for my niece and mom uh Llaya Jean and Destiny who got to come home u from the hospital. Amen. So we certainly thankful for that testimony tonight. Also, Sister Linda Loris turned in a praise report. Praise the Lord. She's home from rehab. Home health is assisting her. Thank you for all your prayers tonight. So certainly thankful for those people uh fine folks that got to come home from the hospital and rehab. Amen. Get back to normaly. Amen. I know there's many needs tonight in the building. If you have a need on your heart tonight, let's just stand our feet. Brother Rob, would you come this evening and take the request before the Lord for us? Let's pray. Dear Lord, we're so thankful. We come with you. We come with thanksgiving in our hearts and we come and approach you boldly before the throne of grace. and to know that it's a throne of grace is is such a revelation to our hearts. We thank you Lord for these prayer requests and I thank God for testimonies. Um that they those prayer requests can become testimonies with faith allocated that you would provide to us. The song says that we held on but we know that you're holding on to us. So I recognize where it comes from. It's your depart is your impartation to us Lord that we can see you and and you reveal yourself to us. We look forward to the service tonight. We thank you Lord for the grace you bestowed upon your children. We want to look and we look forward to more that you would reveal of of your heart to us, Lord, as we're children, needy children, looking to ask for spiritual things to keep us in this evil day. Thank you, Lord, for the grace that you bestowed to your children. And we thank you, Lord, for the prayer requests. And we pray with all our heart. And we thank you most of all for the testimonies of good things for those that love God according to your purpose in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song tonight as the brothers come receive the evening offering. Saved by grace. Amen. Let's sing that [Music] tonight. I was alone in the darkness. I could not find my way. Jesus shone a light on me. He turned all my night [Music] today. I was alone in the darkness. I could not find my way. Jesus shown a light on me. He turned on my night today. Oh, save by grace. I've been saved by grace. My name is in the Lamb's book of life and my sins are washed away. saved by grace. I've been saved by grace. It's not what I deserve, but I'm saved by grace. When I reach that city, oh, the gates swing open wide. I'm going to sing redemption story of how he brought me to the other side. When I reach that city, oh the gates swing open wide. I'm going to sing redemption story of how he brought me from the other side. I'm so saved by grace. I've been saved by grace. My name is in the lamb's book of life and my sins are washed away. Saved by grace. I've been saved by grace. It's not what I deserve, but I'm saved by grace. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, save by grace. I've been saved by grace. My name is in the lamb's book of life. And my sins are washed away. Save by grace. I've been saved by grace. It's not what I deserve, but I'm saved by grace. I change the key. I think I changed the key. Let's try to sing this song this evening. Amen. We got some specials for us. Brother, I have them wrote down. See if I can remember them. Brother Ryan's going to sing for us. Brother Justin and Lindsay that they'd be preparing to sing for us tonight. Let's sing this song D. What song? Oh my. Hang on just a minute. I have a paper in my pocket. That's why. My chains are gone. Amazing grace, my chains are gone. Amen. Let's sing that to him tonight. Amen. I'm so glad he doesn't rely on our memory. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior is ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. unending love. Amazing grace. Let's sing that again. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood his mercy [Applause] reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. Oh, aren't you so glad? I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind but now I see was grace. Oh was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears really. Oh, how precious did that grace appear the hour I first believe. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. Savior has ransom me. Oh, and like a flood his mercy reigns, unending love. Amazing grace. Let's sing this verse. Oh, the Lord has promised good to me. His word, my home secure. He will my shield and portion be as long as life endures. Oh my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. Oh, and like a [Applause] flood, his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. Amen. You can be seated tonight. Amen. Any visitors that might be with us tonight, we certainly want to welcome you to the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. And those that be streaming as well. Uh God bless you tonight. Amen. Enjoy our specials. [Music] Look at the flowers and all of their beauty. I don't have to wonder. You know what you're doing. [Music] So why would I worry at all? Cuz you're faithful to [Music] supply. Everything I need. Everything I need. My father has it. My father has it. Every single time the Lord will provide. My father has it. My father has it. Just look at the sparrow lacking for nothing. [Music] No fear of tomorrow and what it might [Music] bring. But if I have you, I have enough. Cuz your love will satisfy. Everything I need. Everything I need, my father has it. My father has it. Every single time the Lord will provide. My father has it. My father has it. Here we go. Seek first the kingom and its treasures. Everything else it will be added. all that I'm needing that I know my Lord will provide cuz I know my God's not emptyhanded. He gives us blessings upon blessings and I'm still believing that I know my God will provide. So seek first the kingom and its treasures. Everything else it will be added. All that I'm needing. I know my God will provide. Cuz I know my God's not emptyhanded. He gives us blessings upon blessings that I'm still believing that I know my God will provide. Everything I need. Everything I need, my father has it. My father has it. Every single time the Lord will provide. My father has it and my father has it. [Music] Yes. Everything we need. Everything we need. Our father has it. And our father has it. [Music] [Applause] Monday at work, I was uh I was praying to the Lord asked me for to give me a song because brother Louie had asked me to sing last week and I pushed him off to this week and I had nothing, no song. And uh I was on my lunch break and just scrolling through social media and the the Instagram page, Revelation 10:1 had posted brother Ron's testimony that he gave at his church Sunday morning. and I was a little wet spot in my little cubicle and uh I asked the Lord like Lord just give me a song and he that's a song I've sung many times at the old church and I've sung it here and hope it's a blessing to [Music] you. The dawn is breaking and I can hear your whisper on the breeze. The world is waking and I am here to meet you on my knees. When I'm with you, my soul finds rest cuz I can't leave it in your hands. The day keeps coming and it's pulling me a million different ways. I'm always running but never seem to catch the things I chase. When I'm with you, my soul finds rest. Cuz I can leave it in your hands. Every sorrow I leave it in your hands. Every sickness I leave it in your hands. And all my failures I leave it in your hands. Amen. I leave it in your hands. So I am laying the weight of all these burdens at your feet. There's no more waiting cuz you've already won my victories. And in Jesus my soul finds rest. Cuz I can Lord leave it in your hands. Every promise I'll leave it in your hands. Every healing I'll leave it in your hands. And my [Music] future I'll leave it in your hands. Amen. I can leave it in your hands. Cuz it's your hands that form the [Music] mountains. Your hands set boundaries for the seas. And in your hands you hold tomorrow. All the same hands that took the nails from me. Every sorrow I leave it in your hands. Every sickness I leave it in your hands. And all my failures, Lord, I'll leave them in your hands. Amen. I can leave it in your hands. And every promise I'll leave it in your hands. And every healing I'll leave it in your hands. And my future, Lord, I'll leave it in your hands. Save me. I can leave it in your hands. Oh, I can leave it in your hands. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus blinded all my darkness. He sparked my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion. Consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop, I'll shine through the night. I am a lamb made for his glory. I will not hide. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. This love will never be extinguished. It's alive and wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. [Music] Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till every one has heard. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I've been touched by your fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. [Music] Praise the Lord. I'm glad that fire is still here. Aren't you? Yeah. And he's got it. If you ain't got it, you can get it before you leave tonight. Yes, sir. How's that? Okay. You can be fixed, totally fixed, changed, transformed. You know, whenever a person that has a seed of God in them, when they hear the word, their response is so different than someone else who hears the same word but does not have it in them to represent that. That will be our setting tonight where we resume in Genesis 24. If you want to turn there with me, it always makes you feel really sad for people in reality, for those who do hear truths and turn away. The scripture tells us, of course, that it would be better for them to have never known or ever even heard it than after they have heard it to turn and go back because it's a great great thing when God puts light in our in our paths. Genesis 24:21. And the man wondering at her held his peace to wit whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight. I want you to notice in the order that this works. She doesn't get the earrings, none of the gold, none of the gifts, none of the adornment before she does her part. She does her part without a promise of anything. Not if you do this, I give you that. God ain't looking for a trade. No. God wants our all and then he'll reward us for it. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking 60 trips up and down to the well that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. Now this is not tinfall stuff, okay? There were there was no Chinese market at that time. This wasn't big lot stuff. I mean, this is stuff fit for a princess. But if you're going to have princess adornment in a princess character and said, "Whose daughter whose daughter art thou? Tell me I pray thee." two-fold question. Is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? Now, you're looking at a wife now to marry a rich man. So, he wants to know, no doubt Abraham had told him a little bit about his brother, what to expect, what kind of a person, what's your lineage, where do you come from? And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Mila, which she bare unto Nahor. Now, unless you've already studied the genealogies of the Bible and notice the order, the way they say this, you might skip right over the top of it. But this is so unusual and out of the ordinary. A lot of times the woman's name was not even mentioned, the mother not even mentioned at all, much less to be said before the man. Now notice how she responds. I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Mila, which she bare unto Nahor. She said, "Moreover, unto him we have both straw and proender, enough room to lodge in." I love the way Rebecca answers these questions. Eleaser puts them out in a certain order. She answers in the exact order. Now, she doesn't go way out here and take a big spin about 40 acres out and come back around and come back this way and then go that way and then go that way and way over there and then come back and never did really say anything. She wasn't a politician. She was a bride to be. So apparently she thought it was important to answer in the same order that the questions were asked. So you see the real bride has no problem with divine order. Matter of fact, she likes it. It helps her to keep straight. That's true. She said, "Moreover, unto him, we have both straw and proender enough and room to lodge in." Now look at the man's response. And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. Bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. Why? God has went before him. Let us bow down our heads as we pray. Our heavenly father, we stand here tonight as the antitype of Rebecca that day. You have sent to us an EER call. There's certain questions that's been asked to us. They've been asked in a certain order. We might have the right answers, but if we don't answer them in the right order, it proves that we did not listen well enough or we did not believe order counted. So we answered back the way we thought we should. So I pray that we as your people of this day would listen carefully to what's being said and what's being asked again to us and that we will be able to answer with the words that are pleasing to you. We believe the great Holy Spirit of God is going around this earth of ours searching out looking for hungering hearts and they'll be asked certain things. They'll be inquired upon and you will listen to what they say, the way they say it, the intensity. Is it just repetition or is it a soul that set on fire? May we say the right things, Lord? No doubt it was a very simple thing that day when little had it right. Just a little simple woman. Little did she know that by saying the right words and answering in the right way and in the right order what you would do for her boys. Father, I pray that you'd speak to us tonight. Take your word, open our understanding. May we be able to share in a little bit more of your divine knowledge tonight. Lord, it's in the name of the Lord Jesus we ask it. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I'm sure that we have all thought about this many times since we've first heard this preached and as we hear it touched on again from time to time of what a difficult thing laid before both Eleaser and before Rebecca. He has more of the insight as far as to what lays before her destiny. She doesn't quite yet see it, no doubt, but all she knows is she had this supernatural experience and it wasn't an emotion, though no doubt emotion came with it. I honestly don't believe that we could come in contact with an angel of God and it keep from moving us in such a profound way. Some might cry. I I imagine it could make you shout. I suppose the visitations that I've had from the power of God, not the blessings of God, but the power of God, most of the time have left me startled, afraid, afraid to look around, afraid to do much shouting. Now, the blessings of God aren't that way. the blessings of God. You hoop and holler and scream and glory hallelujah. Brother Biscll told me when he was with brother Brandham and he had shared several visions and things that come to him and he took his finger and went across and pointed to a certain city over there and told brother Biscll who lived there and this and this and this told him about a certain man, things that would happen and the days that were to come. And then he come to himself after it happened like a man that was coming conscience after he had passed out or went into another sphere and come back. And then he told brother Biscll that of all the times that he's come to me and it still makes me react this way. And then I hear people talking about angels coming to them and I think their their reaction is so different from that of John. The reaction is so different from that of our Elijah. And this Rebecca had a a visitation from an angel of God. And I guess what I look for myself is the the identification of an angelic visitation. and what it does to a person's life, how it impacts them. And what I see here in her is an immediate response to a message in her day. Now, Moses when he wrote this, he does not mention anything about her being a static emotion. No doubt she was. But that wasn't what caught Moses attention. Now remember, Moses is writing this years after it took place because God catches him into this supernatural place and carries him back in time. So he's writing it by vision. So it would be like that Moses is watching a movie so you can understand it. and he's sitting there with his eyes open watching this movie and he's writing it. So, he's seeing it. He's hearing it. He's he's catching it from several different paradigms and he's he's watching it. He's seeing it. No doubt if God knew that it was overwhelming him, God would slow down the vision where he could see it and catch up as he's writing it down. And and Moses is watching her response and he's hearing what Eluser said. Abraham didn't write this down. Isaac never wrote it down. Isaac wasn't even there. But God carried away a prophet into the fourth dimension and be able to convey this to him so all these generations would have it. Aren't you glad he did? So he doesn't mention anything about Rebecca taking off and just by mean having a march around the walls of Jericho and you know some great supernatural something another. But he does take note to the response of an angelic visitation and he identifies it with her response to an angel's message. I find this to be a great great phenomenon. I want you to notice that brother Ram said, "So why did Rebecca make that sudden move?" Now notice the response that another prophet now picks up about Rebecca of being able to identify that it was a supernatural something that influenced her. So why did Rebecca make that sudden move? Why did she go to the waters of life so quickly? Notice, not emotionally, not erratic, not despondent, not screaming to the top of her voice and those things. We believe in all that. But notice how a person can respond to an angel visiting them that they move quickly and they go to the waters of life suddenly and there's something pulling them. It makes me wonder if we've recognized the angels of God when they visited us because we have in our mind what we think people will do when angels are around them. Now listen, why could the angel speak to her? Because she was a blood relation to Isaac. And that's who the angel can speak to tonight is a blood relation. By the blood were born into the body of Christ. Rebecca was Isaac's own cousin by both fathers which made their blood relation. And the bride of Jesus Christ is sanctified through the blood of Christ and an open vessel for the Holy Spirit to speak to. She made her decisions quick. Now notice again here we have another prophet that is looking back and catching this setting of Genesis 24. And again another prophet and he something that sticks out to him that is so noticeable. She made her decisions quick. Watch her real quick. Then in the meeting quickly, if they're ordained to life, they'll know it. Amen. Now watch. If they're ordained to life, they'll know it. There'll be a response there. There's something in the message that stirs them. Praise be to God. Amen. That's what stirred Rebecca. The message stirred her. That makes me feel like having a spell about right now cuz that's what stirred me. Praise the Lord. That's what stirred Rebecca. The message stirred her. Angel was leading her. Oh, can't you see her? Picture the angel of the Lord leading her. Then she was stirred and immediately when she watered the camel, the gift went on her. He be to take out the earrings, which means faith cometh by hearing. You see, put the bracelets on, the work of her hands. He got her ready. He got her ready. So, who is it then that is going to be the bride of Isaac? The only woman that's going to be his bride is the woman that Elely Ezer's message got her ready. Amen. Well, I don't know how you feel about it, but it makes some sense to me that we're on this camel train and now a lot of folks are saying, "Well, we don't need the message no more." You're stripping yourself off. You're getting rid of your earrings spiritual. You're getting rid of your spiritual bracelets. You're getting rid of the very things that was given to you to help make us ready to meet our rising. Well, if it's all the same to you, whether it is or not, I'm going to keep mine. Praise the Lord. He got her ready as soon as she began to notice now to water, give the waters of life, testify, tell others to get the message out, tell them what has happened to you. Now, watch what he does now. his response to her reaction. So, it's an a an action and then a reaction, then another action and another reaction and another action and another reaction. So, it's one after another after another. So, it's coming in consecutive order and she's not breaking over out of place and say, "All right, now let me do this." But she's waiting and watching and listening. So she does what she's impressed to do, the impulse of the hour, which is the pulsation of faith supernaturally that only the elect can have. And then when she does her part, she stops and he does his. Then he does his part and then he stops. Now watch after she waters the camels, then he puts the earrings and the bracelets. And then verse 23, and said, whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee, is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in? Now, I'd like to resume from that on what we looked at last Wednesday night, and instead of asking you whose daughter you are, I want to ask you who you are. Now, it's very important that we find out who we are. I I believe that surely most of us that have been sitting around the message very long that we are convinced that God has sent a prophet and prophesied one in the last days. Most of you, probably a big portion of it anyway, you were you've come to the message many years ago. Some here are people tonight. We have second, third, fourth generation people that have been around the message. We've got others that are first generation people. And you're probably like I was. You waited out. You were checking it out. Well, who could it be? If God promised there's going to be a prophet, then who would it be? You may have read this book, that book. You're looking in a in a conquest and a search to be able to find out who it was. For some of you, you were raised in a message church and then you were children years ago. Now you're married and you've got children and you're raising your children under that same influence and hopefully by the grace of God helping them to see that it is God's promised word to send this in the last days. Now, but what I want to ask you is more so tonight than are you not so much just a message believer that truly, but who are you by your identification of your soul? Are we just mortals that are here in time trying to do the very best that we can? And do we believe the report of our fathers or maybe our mothers who told us that we were worthless and we would never amount to much of anything in our life. I know many of you were told that because I'm your pastor and I've counseledled with you. And and is that what shapes you? Is that what molds you into the way you even receive the word of this hour? You see, those things can be uh they can either be a stumbling block before us or they can be a stepping stone. And some will come to the word of the hour with that same molding that their father put in them naturally. And they will find theirel trying to climb the spiritual ladder in God by the same influence that they had by their daddy. But that won't work when it comes to God because God, in case you don't know it, is not your daddy. That's right. And maybe your daddy didn't know how to love you, right? But God does. And you'll never be able to serve God. I mean, there's a sister sitting right there tonight that asked me, sent me an email some time ago and say, "How can I be able to love a God who I relate to as my husband and that I've been abused by men? I've been mistreated by men. and I find myself relating to God the same way. And my response was back to this sister, first of all, you've got to realize God and your husbands ain't the same person. And you've got to be in that and your mindset to realize he loves you with your faults and your failures. And just because men have abused you does not mean that God wants to. As a matter of fact, there has never been a a a love, a heart, a being, an epitome of love as great as our God is. And Word of Life Church said, "But if we're not careful, we will find ourselves going back to that same old molding." And if you had to constantly prove yourself to your father because you had a sister or an older brother or whatever more that your father compared you to them all the time and you never met up to that standard. And if you're not careful, you'll bring the same mindset right into serving the Lord. And you're constantly trying to please God because you know there's the big brother still in church. And it may happen to be your pastor or it may happen to be some other preacher or some other person and you find yourself in the same relationship mentally in church that you were in your home. So there you are, you know, as a a 50 year old man, 25 year old man, 80 year old woman, whatever you are, reliving the same type of life that you were when you were at home. And Satan keeps us so bound down by such stuff. I'm asking you tonight, who are you? Is this your second childhood? Are you reliving your natural childhood in church? Are you reliving? Are you reliving that life that was emboldened in you by your father, by your mother? And and I know that there's some here and some who listen to me preach and stream our services that were actually uh adopted by other people naturally because their parents didn't want them. I cannot imagine what what it would feel like to be that way. And I know the type of influence and and shaping and the molding and the character of an individual that something that like that can be. And they will battle it until God can give them a revelation that he will never do to them what their father or their mother did. God will never put you up for adoption. I wish somebody would preach with me tonight. God will never I don't care how many mistakes you make. If you are a son or daughter of God, I'll repeat it to you again what I repeated during the meetings that Martin Luther said. When I look at myself, I don't know how I could be saved. But when I look at Christ Jesus, I don't know how I could be lost. Let me just say to you tonight, if you're a son or daughter of God, there's not one thing you can do in time that will ever take your name off of that lamb's book of life. Oh yes, I've made so many mistakes. I know you have, and I have, too. But I'll tell you one thing. We're talking about a love that is so powerful, a security that is so secure. There ain't enough powers in hell. There ain't enough demons of darkness. There's not enough sickness. There's not enough affliction. Oh, hallelujah. Hype or death or principalities or powers or things present or things to come that can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. But brother Donnie, you don't know what I've been through. I may not. But I know a God who does. And he's greater than all you've been through and all that I've been through and all of your disappointments and all of my disappointments. And there is nothing that can take you out of your father's love. And the only thing that will hinder you from being loved the way he wants to love you is your own self. Don't you understand the devil cannot stop you? your mother, your father, your wife, your daddy, whoever more. They cannot stop you if you don't allow them to. Right? Here's the person right here. Here's the person that we need to focus all of our stuff in. But you know how we are? We want to blame everybody else. Well, I'm this way because of so and so. It's the people of the church. Nobody likes me. I'm this and that and the other. Why don't you point them fingers where they need to be pointed right back to you and say, "God, help me. I'm the culprit, Lord. I'm the problem. I need more of you. I need more of your love. Help me to move beyond all that sort of thing." Well, nobody loves me. I'll tell you one thing. If there's a devil, I want to be on the committee that kicks him down into hell. It's that old feel sorry for yourself, devil. And nobody loves me. Nobody likes me. What in the world are we ever going to get out from under that demon out of hell and say, "I am greatly loved. I am thought of. God thought about me before the world began. My pastor studies so he can feed me. My pastor prays so he can feed me." Come on, somebody. We need to rise as a army of God and say, "I'm sick and tired of being a little baby around here. I need to grow up and be a man. I need to grow up and be a daughter of God and get this old feel sorry for myself. Pity me, pity me. No, you need to be a soldier in the army of the living God. And if you can ever do that, you realize it ain't pity me, pity you. It'll be us pitying the devil. Cuz you'll be one powerhouse of God. You'll be one son or daughter of God that hell will say, "Get out of their way. Here they come. Woo! Who in the world was that for? Was that for you? Who are you? Good for nothing, worthless. My Jesus paid the ultimate price that you could sit here tonight and be free. Amen. That you could worship and love him and serve him. That don't sound like a piece of junk and trash to me. Hallelujah. Who are you? So, let's see if we can find the answer. Jesus is the beginning of the creation of God. Jesus is the beginning of the creation of God. Listen to this. and knoweth it not. Unto the angel of the church of the lad of sins, right? These things sayaith the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. This is Jesus talking about himself. Listen to the way the prophet explains this. When God the Spirit was created in the form of a man, that was God being created. Hallelujah. I wonder where in the world this seventh grader got this kind of education. Hallelujah. I tell you one thing, I went to Kentucky schools, too, but I sure didn't get that at the seventh grade or the 11th grade or any other grade. When God the Spirit was created in the form of a man, that was God being created. God the creator himself becoming a creation. God who made the dirt, made the calcium, made the pot ash, cosmic light, petroleums, took the thing together and created himself in the beginning of the creation of God. The amen, the final. Amen means so be it. The final of God. when God completed in his creation. Now, in the church age book, he goes into this in a little bit more detail. That's in the latest in church if you'd like to read it. And he said, "The beginning of the creation of God." This is who the Lord Jesus says he is. But those words don't mean exactly as they sound to us. just taking them the way they sound. Isn't this pecoo? Now, God says something, but he actually don't mean it the way it sounds. How in the world am I supposed to understand? So, God says something, but I can't really take it the way it sounds. I I I have to have help. Well, glory to God. Thank God for the help of Malachi 4. Amen. Thank God for the help of pastors. Thank God for the help of evangelist, teachers. Praise the Lord. How many's ever read something in your Bible and come to church and one of the ministers get up and preach on you just say, "Lord have mercy. I read that same thing. I didn't understand nothing about that." You know why? That the way it sounded to you was totally wrong. And then God used a man and he say, "Well, praise the Lord. That's absolutely awesome." He's still doing the same thing. Right now, watch those words don't mean exactly as they sound to us. is taking them the way they sound has made some believe. In fact, multitudes of people get the idea that Jesus was the first creation of God, making him lower than the Godhead. A then this first creation created all the rest of the universe and whatsoever it contains. Now you may not be aware of this as this as much as what Christendom around the world believes. This started in the first century got really big on the 3rd century Aryanism and all that went divided. It's where they come to the nian council 325 AD. So it was with this concept of who he actually was. Was he a lower god and no way no way that they believed he was the only god. So he was the beginning of the creation of God. So God the father created this this son which was a little bit less than God and then he used that as a tool to create everything else. So Jesus was just a mere man as one message preacher famous message preacher I might say said many many years ago that Jesus don't even have his own angels and Jesus better be careful he might lose his throne. I believe there's some of the dumbest idiots called preachers in this message that I've ever seen. I've seen baboons in Africa with more sense than some of the men around this message that claim to be preachers. Donnie, watch. If a man's called of God and he interprets the word like that, he needs to get a job. Pick up pop cans on the side of the road. Make pretzels and sell them. Make, you know, whatever. Get out of the pull pit before you damn yourself and hundreds to hell with you. You imagine a preacher saying, "Jesus better be careful. Jesus ain't got no angels. M but that is not right. You know that doesn't light up with the rest of the Bible. He says the words are he is the beginner or author of the creation of God. Now we know for assurityity that Jesus is God. Not one of them. Right. The only one. Jesus is God. Now we know for sure that Jesus is God. Now we know for sure that Jesus is God. No, the needle ain't stuck. I just want you to get it. Now we know for assurityity that Jesus is God. Very God. And I'm very glad. Are you all very glad? Jesus ain't one of the gods. He's very God. And I'm very glad because I'm very bride. I ain't halfway bride. I ain't want to be bride. I'm very bride. And I'm very glad. I'm very bride. And I'm very glad Jesus is very God. Anybody very happy to be with me on very Wednesday night? Who are you? I am very bright. If we would ask Jesus, are you one of many? Are you the second one? He would say, I am the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. Amen. How can men, brother Daryl, who was in the prophets meetings and rub shoulders with a prophet of God, the one I just quoted, making those foolish remarks. Of course, when a man hung around the prophet of God for years and years, still baptized in titles, and wasn't rebaptized for years afterwards, that tells you a whole lot right there. Good Lord, what in the world am I doing over in this avenue? Somebody needed that, I guess, out on the airways. Well, there you go. Take it. Take it. Notice John 1:3. All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. Now, does that sound like a little boy up in heaven playing with tinker tonker toys up there to y'all? God. Oh, hallelujah. He is the one of whom it is said in Genesis 1:1, in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. But now listen, but now he is standing in the midst of the church as he stands there revealing who he is. Oh, notice. So the question is being asked this way too Jesus who are you and now he's want to ask you and who are you millions are responding and ask him who are you Jesus and some of the poor ignorant people on the message and believe in two lords Lord have mercy. Heathens, idol worshippers, I don't know what in the world it is about Wednesday night up here. Has John the Baptist been in here today? Has anybody seen him? Why is that old fell show up on Wednesday nights anyhow? Of course, he's here Sunday morning, too. He must go to this church, recognize. Lord have mercy. But dar, you come up here and take my notes and finish this. Listen to this. Now, oh, glory to God. He is standing in the midst of the church as he stands there revealing who he is in this last age. He calls himself the author of the creation of God. This is another creation. This has to do with the church. This is a special designation of himself. He hallelujah is the creator of that church. The heavenly bridegroom created his own bride. Now, who are you? What are you? I am a creation of God. I'm not the old one patched. I'm not the old one try to halfway fix it up. Amen. I am a new creature. I'm not the same person I was. The heavenly bridegroom created his own bride. As the spirit of God, he came down and created in the Virgin Mary the cells from which his body was born. Now remember, in the early 50s, the prophet actually believed that the spirit of God came upon the egg in Mary's womb. Oh, come on now. Don't sit there and look at me like that. Let's allow him growth, children. That's what he believed. But oh my, when the revelation of God come, my He came down and created in the Virgin Mary the cells from which his body was born. I want to repeat that. He created the very cells in the womb of Mary for that body. It was not enough for the Holy Spirit to simply give life to a human oam supplied by Mary. If God did not need the productivity of her ovaries, then God don't need you and I to help out with trying to make our salvation better, our salvation more holy, our walk with God more perfect. Let's just obey him and do the simplicity of the gospel. That's all he wants. He wants an incubator out of our body. He's not wanting you. You'll never bring your flesh perfect. You'll never bring it to a place. Oh, I wish somebody would preach with me tonight. If you could get in your mind, all he wants this body to be is no more than an incubator. He placed the seed of God in you. You took the breath of life and the spirit of God came upon it and watered that seed. Just go ahead and incubate. Give it a warm place. Carry it around. Oh, glory to God. But let the great creator do the work. [Applause] But we want to make a naval. We want to make a navl to the word attached to our ideas. And we want to give the word baby our opinions. And I think and this is what I believe and this is what I feel. The word ain't got no navl. Lord have mercy. Well, I'll tell you one thing. I believe this and that and the other. Oh, you know friends, we've got so much going on around us everywhere in the age and hour that we're living. It's like the Bible is not enough and it's not the preaching of the message and not not enough. And I've said it years ago and I still maintain the same thing today. If the Bible doesn't say then the message don't require it, forget about it. What is it? people wanting to make a navl on the word and attach it to our system and then we will give the word strength. We will feed the word. You've got it backwards. You ain't supposed to feed the word. The word's supposed to feed you. Oh, but people have got it in their mind. Oh, the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit will come and anoint my great personality, my charisma. I'm so gifted and I Oh, here Lord. Here, here come take me. I'm a Plato. I'm a Caesar. You're a nut. And I'm here to crack you tonight, Mr. Hickory or Mr. Acorn or Mr. Walnut, unless you see what you really are without God. Lord God, that's why people around this message are still free will Baptist. They want to hang on. Glory to God. I went down there to that altar. I grabbed a hold to that altar and I said, "God, I'm telling you one thing, Lord. I'm not getting up from here to me and you worked this out. I grabbed a hold to that altar. I gave my will to God. I wanted to go up there. I will to do it. The Bible says we're not saved by the will of man, but we're saved by the will of God. There you go, free will Baptist. You wasn't looking for God. You didn't really want God. You may have wanted church and you may have wanted religion, but you didn't want the God of this Bible. Come on, somebody. It wasn't you wanting God. It was God wanted you. Hallelujah. That's what it was. It was God wanting you. He created the very cells in the womb of Mary for that body. It was not enough for the Holy Spirit to simply give life to human over supplied by Mary. That would have been sinful mankind. producing a body. Can't you see why we always get in trouble when we try to make the bride's revival our ideas? It's this and this and this and this and this. We are providing the human oam and then we're laying out our mechanics and we're laying everything out. All right. Now, Holy Ghost, come on. Come on. Come on. We're the only ones. No, no, now we done know. We've we've done Dr. G and talked about it. We're the only ones. I mean, ain't nobody saying what we're saying. We're the only ones preaching. That's really scary. If there's only one or two churches around this message that's got the truth, there's something wrong somewhere. I'd like to know how a lot of these people around the world that don't have the internet and how they don't know this preacher's name and that preacher's name. How in the world are they ever going to go in the rapture because they don't know nothing about Donnie Reagan. They don't know nothing about Word of Life Church. Many of them never even heard the name. Come on, somebody. Well, how in the world are they ever going to go on the rapture? I'll tell you how they're going to go. Because the same Holy Ghost that fell on you fell on them. And they may not know this preacher and that preacher from America and this one from Ohio and this one from Texas and wherever more. But the thing about it is God created that cell inside of them. And then God sent down the Holy Ghost in the very similar way the way he did Mary. Look at yourself and say, "Who am I? Am I a or am I repeat of Mary? Do we take our womb and share it with God and with preachers and with ideologies? Or do we belong to God alone? that would not have produced the last Adam or him. It was said, "Lo, a body hast thou Father prepared for me." God, not Mary, provided that body. Mary was the human incubator and she carried that holy child and brought him to birth. So you could have looked at his skin but none of it marries. Looked at his eyes well none of it hers. Now you know the splitting of the chromosomes and the man has so many the woman have so many. Not in this creation. Everyone from God. Wonder what color God's eyes were. Well if I could see the face of Jesus I could tell you. Wonder what color God's hair was. If I can see the face of Jesus, I can tell exactly what color his hair because that was the image of the invisible God. Is that right? So there was not part of it God and part of it Mary. Oh no. That would have been what Eve said. I have gotten a man from the Lord. Or as one of the interpreters of the translator said it, I have gotten a man with I have gotten a man with the Lord. Not from with. Don't you understand children? down through the church ages. That's what it's been every time that the church has said, "I've got a man with the Lord." And what do they do? They raise Cain and kill Abel. Oh, God is going to come to the same place in the message that there will rise a Cain move. And what will they do? Kill Abel. Lord, try their best to when they get to the place I think they'll be, he'll rapture us out of here by the grace of God. Why? Because the church always claims the wrong son. Oh God, I have gotten a man from the Lord. But as for this Abel, worthless. Worthless. So she names Cain, acquired, gotten, but she names the promised one worthless as the press of no value at all. Oh God, help us to recognize the right son. Help us, Jesus. Mary was a human incubator and she carried that holy child and brought him to birth. It was a God man. It was a God man. He was the son of God. He was of the new creation. man and God met and joined. He was the first of this new race. So the new race, hallelujah, was God and man in the same tabernacle. Now notice that man at least for the first phase of his life 30 years whatever it was 33 was not God in a glorified body but God in a human body. Oh you say brother Donnie I'm so waiting for that hour to come. Glory to God. One of these days it's going to come. We're going to be that new race. No actually it's already here. There are people in this place tonight that are already part of that new race. God living in human tabernacles. Now remember, oh you said, "But the Lord Jesus, he he was sinless." That's right. He was sinless by choice, but he was tempted as all points like as we are. So it was not God living in a glorified body. He could bleed. He could have a headache. He could suffer. Can't you see who are you? Can't you see Satan wants to focus on this? That's only part of the equation. The thing we need to focus on tonight and for the rest of our life is not how frail our flesh is, how faulty our flesh is, how low down it is, how people have hurt you and let you down and disappointed and sure they've done all us that way. I can spend the rest of my life packing tales and telling all kinds of story. My goodness, I could write a life story and have several volumes of all the hurt that I went through in my life. Or I can talk about how great my God is, how many great things I've seen him do. Why in the world would I want to spend my time writing a life story about some knucklehead about myself when I can spend the rest of my life talking about the great I am, the healer, the deliverer. Come on, somebody. [Applause] It was a God man. He was the son of God. He was of the new creation. Man and God met and joined. Hallelujah. met and joined and he was the first of this new race. He is the head of this new race. Anybody believe it? Well, that's good. Let me ask the second part. Anybody here part of it? That's even more awesome. Amen. So the new race is already living on the earth. Man has always looked for the dominant race. I know which one it is. It's not the whites. It's not the Hispanic. It's not the Africans. It's not the tribal Americas. It's not Papa New Guinea. You know, the th those people there right here. It's a predominant race. Which is made up of all the above and others that I didn't say. And that's why if you've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you could grab a black brother, a brown brother, a yellow brother, a pink brother, if there was such a thing, and put your arm around him and feel no racial contention in your life. And if you don't feel that, you ain't got the Holy Ghost because it is not by your color. Or you say, "Brother Donnie, do you think Jesus was a white man?" I don't care what color Jesus was. I'm not focusing so much on the color of his skin. I'm focusing on that he was the beginning of the new race. We've done been told there will be black and white and red and yellow. There'll be redheaded people, blondheaded people, all kinds of people in that new land. And nobody there will play the race card. But the only ones that will be there will belong to the new race. That Hitler thought that it was the Aryans. Nimrod thought it was his race. God has let the three sons of Noah in their own time frame rule and have domain over the earth. God let them do that so he could prove none of you can rule this earth. The prophet said God's idea was a righteous king. And that's what I'm waiting for, for the righteous king to come back. Oh, hallelujah. I've told you before that some of the Jews are thinking Donald Trump is a messianic rabbi and some people think he's the devil and some think this and that and the other. My hope ain't in Donald Trump. My hope certainly wasn't in Joe Biden. My hope ain't in no man. My hope tonight is in the Lord Jesus. And if he don't come, we're all in a mess. Come on, somebody say amen. But we have got the promise from the head of this new race. I will not leave you comfortless, but I will come unto you. Lo, I am with you always. I will never leave you nor forsake you. Hallelujah. I'll be with you all the way to the end of the age. That's our age. So when there is no more Donald Trump, when there is no more Democrats, no Republican, what are we talking about? saints of God that have already been partakers of the divine nature. Watch him. He goes straight to the scripture here in Colossians 1:18. He is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. 2 Corinthians 5:17, "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creation. Old things have passed away, and behold, at least three things, all things become new." There you can see that though man was of the old order or creation, now in union with Christ, he has become the new creation of God. But here's the catch to it. The new creation of God in the same old house. Wow. Sister Sylvia wrote a poem about me coming to the church. My goodness, years and years ago, I've still got it. Sometimes I look at that guy and I think, who is that? But I hold it up in the mirror and I look, I say, "Yeah, that was me but in a younger day." A lot of that agent has to do with you all. sags and wrinkles and all that worries and fattening and crying and praying and a lot of us just has to because I'm a human being and you just get old. But you know what? Inside of me, I'm not one day older. Not one day older. I've got just as much joy. I've got just as much determination. I've got just as much victory as I had the first moment I received the Holy Ghost. And I'll never leave it. That's why child of God when they look death in the face they can laugh at death and say you are not my master but I'm yours. Why? Because it runs in our family to laugh at death. It runs in our family to say oh God where is your power? Where is your strength over me? Hallelujah. Who are you? What's your daddy's name? Who is your mother? Who is your patronage? Was you born on a certain day? Did you start at a certain time? Hallelujah. Ephesians 2:10, for we are his workmanship, created in union with Christ Jesus unto good works. Ephesians 4:24, "And you put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness." This new creation is not the old creation made over. Or it could not be called a new creation. That is exactly what it says. It is new creation. It is another creation distinct from the old one. No longer is he dealing by ways of the flesh. That was how he dealt with Israel. He chose Abraham out of Abraham's issue through the godly Isaac line. But now out of every kindred, tribe, and nation, he has purposed a new creation. And he is the first of that creation. This is overwhelming to me that according to the future home that he thought of himself as being a human. That's what I've been for going on 69 years of my life. I want to be something else. But he was the eternal. He was God. But he thought of himself as being a human. And he projected that down to become Jesus. So, we all know what a projector is, right? Huh? See this black box right here? That's a projector. Another one right over here. Another one right back there. This shows me the same thing you're seeing there. Now, the screen's nice. Really nice. But this screen cannot produce any words, any image. It has no ability. We cut off the projectors, these screens will go totally blank. They have no power, no visual ability to reproduce that. So I sat under the inspiration and study and pray and ask God to help me. And then I send the brothers these quotes and scriptures and all of that. They put it loaded into the computer, however it is they go about doing all that. and they got hooked up to the projector and it projects all that right there. So God before the world began thought about himself as being I want to be a human being. That's what I want to be. What if he wants to be? He's going to be and he knew the head of the human race, the initial one, would fall. So he says, I I'll go myself. So when I start this new race, I'll make it from an infallibility of my own power. And if he had given that to Adam, Adam would have never fallen. But in order to do it, I've got to mix myself. Deity plus humanity. There never been anything quite like it. So if you mix deity, fullness of the godhead, and then you mix it with clay, corpusles, blood cells, heart, kidneys, liver, brain, tissues, marl, bones, ligaments, hair, toenails, fingernails, teeth, and then you put God inside of that. What do you get? The head of the new race. Don't you understand? You'll never be happy being like an angel. Just flying around with wings on your back in heaven. God never made you to be an angel. You understand? When brother Ram went beyond the curtain of time and he saw those people there in the sixth dimension, he said, "Do you all eat here?" They said, "No, we don't eat." "Do you drink?" "No, we don't drink." but said, "One day we'll go back to Earth and we'll take up bodies." Now, they're in that temporary place in the sixth dimension waiting to reunite again with their glorified body to enter in more fully into the new race. And as she says it in future home, it will be eternal life in a human body. That is mindboggling. Eternal life in a human body. Can you imagine? Carol, I was talking about this week. that if the Lord just changed us back to be young people, we still need more than that. You ever really think about it? How many people could you actually be around day and night, 24 hours a day for 30 days? I'm going to step off the platform here while everybody is trying to decide Now think about it. How many people do you really like, love, whatever you want to say, enough to be around them 24/7 for a solid month? Some of you are thinking, "My husband, my wife, to brother include them. Even some of your young ones might be excluded. I don't know. I'm just saying. But can you imagine living through the ceaseless ages with everybody in heaven and no one will ever get a little miffed at the other one. No one will ever you'll never see nobody's face ever, you know, kind of flush red because they got aggravated. They they turned and walked away. They walked down from Righteous Avenue to to Fifth Avenue and where it turned to corn there and Praise Avenue. They said, "I'll tell you one thing. If he ever says that, then Jesus walks out. Oh, Lord Jesus. You see, it's not enough for us to be made young. But this part's got to be changed, too. Cuz we still clash, don't we? Be honest. We do. Amen. But think it will be a place 100 million years. Cannot even touch it. And after we've been there for say 150 million years, if we would even count time, there's not one record of a tear falling from anybody's eye. Nobody's ever pouted and didn't show up for supper. Ain't nobody standing at home because nobody shook their hand. Cuz everybody there shaking hands. Everybody's just loving one another. Everybody's just smiling and they're worshiping and they're praising God. There's no oddities among us. Lord, I'll tell you that sounds like heaven to me. It's It's almost more than we can comprehend, right? Why? Because because of the differences, val say, "But is that who I am?" It's not who I am. Donnie Reagan and the oddities that I've got and the oddities you've got and the ones you've got and you've got, that's not who you are. If that was really who you are, that's what heaven will be like. You're captured in this prison house of time. And eternal life is doing its best to express itself beyond the cells and the walls of this prison. And every now and then we get a good dose of it and it'll the the real us will really come out sometimes to stress and anxiety and trouble and it'll really bring it out and we catch it. Oh, oh, that's it. That that's it right there. And you see it yourself. Another said, yes, yes, that's it. And then it kind of goes back again and then you still see the prison house. Oh, hallelujah. Let's stand. But now out of every kindred tribe and nation, he has purposed a new creation. He is the first of that creation. He was God created in the form of man. Now by his spirit he is creating many sons unto himself. God the creator creating himself a part of his creation. You understand what your new birth is? The new creation is him creating himself in us. Now if it's not it's not the same quality, it's not the same essence and it's not the same character. This is the reason why he's not ashamed to call us brothers. Let me read the rest of this here. Skip down a few lines there. His sovereign power. Oh, let me read the above. This is the true revelation of God. This was his purpose. This purpose took form through election. His sovereign power brought it to pass by his own decree. He elected the members of this new creation. He predestinated them to the adoption of children to the good pleasure of his will. By his omniscience and omnipotence, he brought it to pass. And the church said, "And Jesus is the firstborn." Romans 8:29. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. We realize we're living in a day when it's on so many people's minds and we hear it talked about on the news almost daily. the trans move. Trans this and trans that and trans that and trans that. I was thinking about the other day and I thought I'm so glad that I'm a part of the real trans move. Transformed. Amen. Translated. Transferred. Well, come on now. [Laughter] hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. There's the real transm through the power of transformation. Hebrews 2:10, and we'll pick it up again, Lord willing, the next Wednesday when I get back from Switzerland. For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, and bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings. For both he that sanctifith, and they who are sanctified are all of one. For which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren. Hallelujah. He's not ashamed to call them brethren. Aren't you glad? Let me just share this with you. Leviticus 25:47. And if a sojourer or a stranger wax rich by thee, and thy brother that have dwelt by him wax poor, and sell himself to the stranger or sojourer by thee, or to the stock of the stranger's family, after that he is sold, he may be redeemed again. One of his brethren may redeem him. Thank you, Lord. Can't you see why he had to become one of us? God and spirit. How could that be kin to us fallen people? So he had to become our brother. Praise be to God. Or when Matthew 25, when shall we thee sick or in prison or came unto thee? And the king, the king shall answer and say to unto them, verily I say unto you, in as much as you have done it to one of the least of these, my brethren, ye have done it unto me. What's he introducing? The new race. A lot of kings down through time have been known for great things. Some for the power of their army. Some for lenience to the nations they would conquer. Some for their verocity. Some for their wickedness. But our king is known by love. Our king is known that one day in his great throne room in heaven. And he said to those great cherubams and seraphims and zuns, "This is the last time you'll see me for a while this way. Oh great king, where will you go? I'm going down among my people. I want to chop wood with the wood chopper. I want to live the life of a peasant so I can understand my people better. Oh, great king, don't leave. Don't leave. Oh, I'll be back. So, he changes his garments and puts on the clothes of a wood chopper, a peasant, whatever more. Our great king laid aside his diadem, the praise of myriads of angels in the heavenlies. And he come to the earth and he heard words like this. Say we not well. Thou art the Samaritan and hast a devil. Instead of praise, blasphemy, false accusations, but he was a man on a mission. What's he coming to do? Redeem his brothers. Don't you love him with all your heart? Amen. Heavenly Father, as we bow our heads, Lord God, and we know if time will go long enough that people that are standing here tonight, young and old alike, we'll have to go by the way of the grave and our body will go back to the dust of the earth. But the deposit has already been made in our soul and we've none done been changed. Hallelujah. And our old name has been transferred. He told us in invisible union. So we've been transformed and translated and our name has been transferred. Hallelujah. And one morning you'll call and we'll answer. Who are we? No wonder the prophet said, "I am not the son of Charles and Ella Brandham, but I'm a son of God." As I looked at the picture of my mom and daddy as I've got two pictures of them down in the basement. I looked at them today before I got ready to come up. I see things about mama that I can see in myself. Things about mama I see in Harry and my siblings. And things about daddy I see. And Lord, I I thank you for them. I I loved them. I still do. But Lord Jesus, they could only hand down to me the natural traits. And I'm part of their race. But thank you. Thank you that you come to give me more than my earthly daddy could give me. Oh, we worship you tonight, Father. I am the son of Don and Betty Reagan, but I'm more than that. Their DNA, the splitting of their chromosomes, handed things down to me I wish I hadn't got. I handed things down to my girls I wish they hadn't got. Oh, but Jesus, there's nothing you've given me that I regret getting. We worship you tonight, Father. We adore you. We magnify your name, Lord. Thank you for loving us so much. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. down from his [Music] glory. Ever living story. My God and Savior King and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strange a man of sorrows, tears [Music] and everybody now. Oh, how the bride loves you. How I adore him. My breath. You're my sunshine. My all in all the great creator. Thank you Lord God became my savior. [Music] Oh, how I adore you, my breath, my [Applause] Sunshine my all in [Music] all the great creator. [Applause] He became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. [Music] Come decision bringing us redemption. [Music] In the dead of night, not one faint hope inside. God precious tender laid aside his [Music] splender [Music] sto my my soul. Oh, I love you. I adore you for your worship. I dress my shine. My Lord Jesus I the great. He became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. Oh, how I love you. How I adore him. You're my breath. You're my sunshine. Lord, you're my [Music] all the great creator. You became our savior and all God. Let's look at this verse again. What condescension? [Music] What [Music] kind bringing us [Music] redemption while in the dead of night and most of us are like this? brought one faint home inside. God gracious tender laid aside his splend. [Music] do to win to change my soul. Everybody now. Oh, how I love him. How do you understand? You could never love the devil the way you love him tonight. He just wasn't in you. My son shall my all and all the great creator. [Music] and all your soullessness will [Music] be. Oh, how I love you. [Music] Oh, my breath, my My [Music] own creator. He became my savior and all God's fullness will be in the town in Bethlehem. God came down to visit man. Wasn't that [Music] love? Wasn't that love? He knew pain and loniness as he wor. [Music] Oh, wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? How he left his home? Die on Calary just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still remains. There's only one thing left to say. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that [Music] love? as he stood in Pil said a word at all. Wasn't that [Music] love? Wasn't that love? Hallelujah. Crucified. Oh, glory to God. But he did. He came for God. I ask you, was it that love? Oh yes, it wasn't that love. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. How he left his home to die on Calary just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still there. Only one thing left to say. Wasn't love. Wasn't love. As he laid there in the tomb, he did just what he came to do. Wasn't that [Music] love? Wasn't that love? Oh rose up from the grave so I can rise up today. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? My lift. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Just to save someone like me. I'm still I'm still amazed. One thing left to say was a bad love. Oh, wasn't that love? Let's sing it together again, everybody. Oh, wasn't that love how he left his home above to die on Calary just to save someone like me? Every day I'm still amazed. Oh, glory to God. One thing left to say, oh, wasn't that love? God makes you sing the fear of God. See you Sunday. Wasn't that love on [Music] Calary just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still amazed. There's only one thing left to say. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? As he laid there in the tomb, he did just what he came to do. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that low? But then he rose up from the grave so I can rise up today. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? how he left his home to die on Calary just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still only one day. Wasn't that [Music] love? Wasn't that [Music] love? How he left his home above to die on Calary. just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still amazed. There's only one thing left to say. Wasn't that love? Oh, wasn't that [Music] love? Wasn't that love? how he left his home to die on Calary just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
