################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-16 - Youth Questions and Answers Pt. 28 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-16
Title:   Youth Questions and Answers Pt. 28
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB6EMfvZLtQ
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Good evening. We're just gonna start with a song or two here and and try to make the Lord welcome here. Don't know what Brother Donnie has on his heart, but we know that that he can speak to every one of [Music] us. It's me. It's me. It's me, oh Lord. standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me. It's me, oh Lord. Standing in the need of prayer. Not my brother. Not my sister, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Oh, it's me. It's me. It's me, oh Lord. Standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Let's stand. Not the preacher, not the deacon, but it's me, oh Lord. Standing in the need of prayer. Not the preacher, not the deacon, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Oh, it's me. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. It's me. It's me. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. [Music] This time we're going to ask um ask brother Ryan to come pray over the prayer requests. We've got uh one request. It says a sister in Scotland that's in the hospital needs our prayers. There's anybody else that would have a a need but raise your hand. There's a lot of unspoken requests. Just just go to him right now. Let's pray. Dear heavenly father, we just come before you. Father, we thank you for being with us this week, Father, and just giving us a place to come to tonight, Father, together. Father, we just pray for the blessing of your word. Father, be with Brother Donnie as he speaks to us, Father, and bless all my brothers and sisters here, Father. I pray for our sister in Scotland, Father, you see your need, Father. Pray you be with her, Father. Pray that you touch everyone, Father. Please meet their needs, Father. We just praise you. We just want to create an atmosphere for you just to feel feel welcome, Father. That you feel comfortable, Father. You want us just come and and and speak to us and just have your way, Father. Help us all to just surrender what's on our hearts. Surrender what's on our minds, Father, and just be able to enter in and and really focus on what you have to to tell us this evening. Father, we just love you with all our hearts, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's see. Oh, he's got it all in control. Oh, he's got it all in control. Oh, he's put that reassurance way down in my soul. He's got it all in [Music] control. I put my life in his hands. [Music] I put my life in his [Music] hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure is in his plans. [Music] I put my life in his hands. Give it all to him. Oh, he's got it all in [Music] control. He's got it all in control. [Music] Oh, he's put that reassurance way down in my soul. Oh, he's got it all in control. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. Oh, I put my life in his [Music] hands. So every road I walk down, I'm sure is in his [Music] plan. I put my life in his hands. One more time. Oh, he's got it all in [Music] control. He's got it all in [Laughter] control. He's put that [Music] reassurance way down in my soul. [Music] Oh, he's got it all in [Music] control. Amen. regardless of what you've gone through today, I pray that like like we said earlier that we could just set aside our burdens and just surrender to whatever his will is for for this [Music] evening. At night, I lay in bed and I begin to cry. [Music] And my mind just fails to know exactly why. [Music] Oh, I can't explain with tongue or pen the spirit groing deep within. It must be God here in my soul cuz I feel the pull. [Music] I feel the pull. I hear the call. Oh, and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. Give him your all time. He speaks to me and [Music] I Lord please come and take control. I feel the [Music] voice. I win to hear the word and with each line and phrase. [Music] Oh, he was drawing me to give a higher praise. [Music] Oh, there's a deep call to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. I know for sure I'll reach the goal. Cuz I feel [Music] the I feel [Music] the I hear the call. [Music] Oh, and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to [Music] me and I agree. [Music] Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. Sing it one more time from your heart before the dawning comes. I feel the pull. [Music] I hear the call. Oh, and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me. And I Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. [Music] Thank you, Lord Jesus. How blessed we are to feel a pull for God that's beyond oursel. It's beyond what many people in the age that we live in feel. They feel so so satisfied just going to church once every now and then and being a member of some sort of church and they do good deeds and good traits that they have about their life and they feel so good about themsel. Aren't you glad you've got something in you that hungers for more than that? We're blessed. Jesus said, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." Such an honor for us to be together tonight. Um we'll um pick up on this one question that we've been on for a good while. I've told you last time that we met, we're calling it questions and answers, but for the last little bit, it's been question and many answers about the same question. But it's been a really good question. Can you explain why brother Brandham is a vindicated prophet and why the message is correct? I have a difficult time speaking to why I believe what I believe. Let's just bow our heads together and pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you once again that we could gather together in this place that you've given us, Lord. It's a meeting place between you and your children. We're so honored, Father, that once again you would be with us in this building that you have allowed us to have and that we consecrated to you. Now, we're praying that you would just come and help us. We need your spirit, your presence. Father, you see that I've studied and I've I've tried to look at every aspect of the word prophet and prophesy and prophecy and prophesied and prophet singular, plural, every form that I could be able to find it from the word to be able to bring to these young people that are here and all those that'll stream it, Lord, so we can have a substantial foundation for what we believe. We know that we're unusual and more peculiar as far as the world would look at us. But we know, Father, that you always do things according to your word. So speak to us tonight once again. Help me that I can be sensitive to the spirit of God to follow, Lord, your leading. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Thank you for coming again tonight. I'd like to uh start out in in the book of Matthew chapter 23:34. Probably most Christians today in Christendom wouldn't have a problem and being able to see that God used prophets in the Old Testament. But where a lot of them have an issue is that whenever you would come to the New Testament and they would say, "Well, the law and the prophets were until John and after that time every man presseth his way into the kingdom of God." As if though that God has no more prophets in the New Testament. I mentioned it to you before, but just to reiterate it to you again that saying the law and the prophets was a common terminology and a common vernacular that was used in the New Testament referring to the Torah which is the first five books of Moses and then from the prophets on. The Sadducees only took the first five books of Moses. The Pharisees believe the first five books of Moses and then also the rest of the prophets. Now can you imagine how much that the Sadducees missed that mean? They did not believe Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Zephani, Hagi, Malachi, Zachchariah, Obadiah, Amos, Hosea, on and on and on that they did not take. So all they took was the first five books of Moses. Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy, of course, and that's all that they would take. So the book of Judges, Ruth, all the rest of it, they didn't want a thing to do with it. So how much of the Old Testament they totally missed because that was their mindset. Now let's bring it over to the New Testament then of most modern Christians today. Then what will they take? Well, they say they take the New Testament. A lot of them don't even take the Old Testament. But a lot of them will fight over the Ten Commandments. And then I say, "And where did them ten commandments come from? The New Testament. The Old Testament." So they do believe certain parts of the Old Testament. they'll take the part that they believe. But for us to, you know, being raised, many of you are you young people that have been raised in the message now, uh for some as myself that was not raised in it and um I had to be able to be introduced to it and be able to see it from the scripture first. And once it was pointed out to me from the Bible, then I felt it was my obligation because I was already preaching and pastoring a church. I felt that it was my obligation to go into the scripture and be able to look and see, did God promise in the New Testament that he would send prophets and use prophets? Would they be of the same caliber as they were of the Old Testament? Or were they men that would just stand up and say, "Thus sayith the Lord, you're sick." And thus sayith the Lord, you've got a problem. And thus sayith the Lord, you've got this and that. Or would it be men of the same caliber like it was at the Old Testament that the Bible says that the word of the Lord came to the prophets. Now that's not exactly the same thing as the modern day prophets. Now look at the words of the Lord Jesus in Matthew chapter 23:34. Jesus says, "Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets." Now this is after John the Baptist. Now either the word does not bear continuity or people who preach this don't bear continuity. I tend to think it's the people. Don't you? Because God cannot lie. So now the Lord Jesus saying, "Behold, wherefore behold, I send unto you prophets and wise men and scribes, and some of them you shall kill and crucify. Some of them shall you scourge in your synagogues and persecute them from city to city. Now, it tells us who's going to allow this persecution. The Romans did not have synagogues. The Greeks did not have synagogues. Synagogues were what place of worship? Jews. So Jesus not only said I'll send prophets, but he told who would be some of the main persecutors of those prophets, which was of course the Jews. Look also in Matthew 26:56. But all this was done that the scriptures of the prophets, the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. So you mean that the that the prophets actually prophesied and spoke what would later be identified as scripture. Praise the Lord. But all this was done that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him and fled. Now remember that Jesus from the uh from Good Friday on down, he fulfilled more scriptures in those last 72 hours of his life than he did for 33 and a2 years. And he is now quoting of course the things that was going to come to pass. But yet it was identified that what those prophets said was actually scripture. Luke 1 69. and he hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David as he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets. Now this was God in reference here to the scripture that God actually spoke by the mouth of his holy prophets which have been since the world began. Again, Acts 3:1 18. but those things which God before had showed by the mouth of all his prophets. So if God did this in the Old Testament and God would send a New Testament prophet, how would God use that man? Would he just use him in visions and he would see things about people's lives and and tell them now you got a burden and you were praying? Or would not God, if he's going to send a prophet, would not he have the same caliber of man on the earth that would be able to catch the word of the Lord? Now, I know it would seem unusual for people that would come to our church and they would not have a clue as far as to what we believe. And we've seen all kinds of people that's come since we've built our new facility here. And some of them come one service, some of them can't even stay one service. And then someone will come back three or four times and then they decide it's not for them, which is understandable. And then they see us put scriptures up on the screen. More than pro more than likely most of them would have no problem with that. But then as I go to quoting from the message of the hour and then it would change from Acts 3:18 to Christ the mystery of God revealed or then came Jesus and called or at thy word or whatever it would be and they would look and see that thing. Oh my goodness. What I heard about these people are true. They're weird. They're very strange. They're quoting from men. Yeah. Sort of like their Baptist pastor does when he quotes from Chuck Swindoll. Sure. Or from Focus on the Family. Except I'm quoting from a prophet and they're quoting from an educator or a psychologist. But they have no problem in doing that because that's the way that men will do it. They get inspired from reading of this psychologist or this man. Well, as Billy Graham said, such and such and so and so. And my goodness, they don't get persecuted for quoting Billy Graham, but yet they think that we are so weird and so strange. But I wonder if we would have lived in the first century. Now remember they say historically that the first book of the New Testament was written was probably the book of Corinthians which was written around 50 to 53 AD. So the Holy Ghost fell in 33 AD. So the New Testament church was established for 20 years before they had any New Testament scriptures. Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John wasn't even written. Wow. Wonder what they preached. So you can imagine then whenever they get these Bible scriptures that you and I read and love, how they must have rejoiced. And Paul told them, now whenever you read this letter, I want you also to read the letter from Leodysa and then I want you to get the letter from Thessalonica. So, you know what they done with those books as it were in that day? Similar to what we do with our message books today, just like we by the grace of God are continuing to help get the message books into parts of the world that do not yet have it. Now, it must have been such a blessing and they would have looked at it and said, "Oh my, this is from God's prophet and this is the word of the Lord." How many believes that's exactly what it was, the word of the Lord. Now notice again in Acts 3:1 19, this is what they told went on to tell them. Repent ye therefore and be converted that your sins may be blotted out when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord. and he shall send Jesus Christ which was preached before you whom the heaven must receive until the time of restitution of all things. Now listen what is absolutely essential before the the Lord Jesus can come. The restitution of all things which God has spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. So Jesus can't even come until all things have been restored or restituted to what? To the Torah, first five books of Moses. Was it just the law? What what's what's going to be restored? Back to what standard will it be restored to? Well, in the New Testament, we know that it was built upon the foundation of the apostles and the prophets. Is that what the Bible says? Notice in Romans 3 21, but now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested being witnessed by the law. First five books of Moses and the prophets, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Habacook, Nehemiah, on and on and on and on. the law and the prophets. The righteousness of God without the law is manifested being witnessed by the law and the prophets. Now here Paul in the New Testament is still referring back to the prophets. So this was the apostolic church and they still believed in prophets. Oh my goodness. And yet so many people say they are apostolic and make fun of prophets. Well, they're not the original apostolic, are they? 1 Corinthians 12:28. And God has set some in the church. First, first apostles. Secondarily, prophets. Thirdly, teachers. After that, miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues. Now, here they are years years after the founding of the church, and they're still saying that God set prophets in the church. And the young people said, "Amen." Ephesians 2:19, "Now therefore, you are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints." Now, this is not just the Ephesian church, but us as well. and of the household of God and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets. Now, do you understand every Baptist church, Methodist, Church of God, Nazarene, Catholic, Unitarian, Universalist, Church of Christ, so-called Church of the Brethren, on and on and on. There's hardly any of them can fulfill this one scripture that we just read that are based upon the apostles and the prophets. Because the apostles baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And how do the Baptist churches baptize? Yes, sir. Titles, father, son, holy ghost. How do most of the Pentecostal churches baptize? I know I was one of them. Titles, father, son, holy ghost. They're not built on the doctrine of the apostles and the prophets. The prophets in the Old Testament never prophesied of three individual beings in the godhead. But they would say things like this. Deuteronomy 4:35, "Unto thee it was shown that thou mightest know that the Lord, he is God." Here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one. Isaiah said, "There is none beside me." So it ain't like there was an old God, an old man, and a young God sitting beside him. That old God, the ancient of days, said, "There ain't none beside me on either hand, right hand or left hand. There ain't nobody beside me. I am your husband. I am your maker." Amen. That's the doctrine of the apostles and the prophets. Now, think where we'd be tonight if God had not sent a prophet in our day to restore all things. Where would we be? another Pentecostal church baptizing entitles. What would we be today? Pretty much like everybody else. But God said, "I will restore, saith the Lord." Notice again here in Ephesians 3:5, which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit. Now, here's the apostolic foundation of what God's going to restore his church back to. 2 Peter 3:2 that you might be mindful of the words which were spoken by the whole oh my goodness scripture after scripture after scripture where the New Testament preachers referred back to prophets. You know what? As I read this, I'm beginning to wonder who the strange people really are. I'm beginning to think it ain't us after all, brother Maurice. It ain't us that's so far out. Actually, we believe the Bible, old and new testament, that you might be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets and of the commandment of us, the apostles of the Lord and Savior. Now, Revelation 10:7, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. Now, what can become very confusing whenever people read this and they might hear us refer to this and say, "Are you saying that William Brham was an angel?" in the sense that this word is used in the Greek in the New Testament and the word angel means a messenger. Now it does not mean a holy heavenly being with wings on his back that's flying across the heavens and from be you know from building to building and he appears over there and then he flies over there and then he flies over there. But it's angelos which is the same word that is used for messenger. So in the days of the voice of the seventh messenger when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God should be finished. God never commits the preaching of the gospel to unredeemed angels. Unredeemed angels cannot feel like you do. You don't need an angel with wings on his back to be your pastor. You don't need an angel with wings on his back to be a p an evangelist like some of the brothers that are here tonight. But you need one, a messenger that has temptations like you, troubles like you, and they can cry like you cry. And they can feel fear and anxiety like you feel it. An angel of God that's never sinned, they cannot relate to your everyday troubles. As a matter of fact, Peter said talking about the baptism of the Holy Ghost, how great that it was. And he said, "The angels of God look into it." And that word means to peer. Per to look into it with wonder and amazement. And the angels are flabbergasted, as we would say, by the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost and how God could love you and I and forgive us and give us so much mercy and grace. I'm I'm glad I'm very very glad to be honest with you that I ain't got a pastor that's an angel like that. Can you imagine one of them angels? They're trying to look into the Holy Ghost and say, "Why does God even love you, Levi? You sorry outfit. You've messed up so much. you've made so many mistakes like all the rest of these young people and the preacher preaching too and them angels that say, "God, why do you even fool with them?" But God don't commit his gospel of grace to beings like that. But he commits it to men like this man and that man and that man and men that were just like you and courage. People are saying, "Oh my boy, men of God, they have so much strength and courage. They're never afraid. They're just as afraid as you are. They're just as afraid as you are. But they are called by God to meet the challenge of this hour. I can follow an angel like that. Now notice in First Kings 16:7, and let's look a little bit of this from from the mirror of the Old Testament, how that the word actually came to the prophets. First Kings 16:7. And by the hand of the prophet Jahu, the son Haniah, came the word of the Lord. Now I want you to notice how the author of Kings attributes what came through these men. The word of the Lord against Bashe and against his house even for all the evil that he had done in the sight of the Lord in provoking him to anger with the work of his hands and being like the house of Jeroboam because he killed him. So now think God could have printed them a Bible and just said, "Here, hand this out. Hand this out in the kingdom and give this to everybody." But instead of God doing that, God had already chose his way. I'm going to speak it by the mouths of my prophets. Jeremiah 28:12. Then the word of the Lord came unto Jeremiah the prophet. After that, Haniah the prophet had broke the yoke from off the neck of the prophet Jeremiah. So here we got two prophets. One of them was sent by God, but both of them are saying God sent him. So Jeremiah makes this wooden yolk first and then another one out of iron. This one's the wooden one. So he walks in with his hands. The yolk is around his neck. A big long bar sticking out maybe about like this. So his hand would be chained on this side, his hand on this side, and this would be around his neck. And he's yolked. Haniah runs up to him and said, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, you're lying. You're picking on God's people. You're saying harsh, cruel things." and he grabs this yoke and he jerks it off of Jeremiah's neck and he breaks it and says, "Thus saith the Lord, I'll break this yoke in two years." So now you're the children of Israel, which one are you going to believe? Now, depending on if you're a spiritual Israelite or a carnal Israelite, if you're a carnal one, you're going to gravitate toward the man, which is always a sign of a false prophet, to lessen the severity of God's judgment. And they're always leaning toward the broad way, which leads to destruction because it's it's the easier way. One of the signs of a true prophet of God is not just what he says comes to pass and it will, but he will always point to people to the straight and narrow way. It's the hated way. It's the despised way. But God knows he can trust his prophets. Now God tells Jeremiah, "Go and tell Haniah, saying, Thus sayeth the Lord, thou hast broken the yolks of wood, but thou shalt make for them yolks of iron." And he did. Of course, Haniah keeps on prophesying. Then Jeremiah turns around and tells him, "Thus saeth the Lord, you will die this year." And he did. Now look in Jeremiah chapter 46. and the word of the Lord which came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Gentiles against Egypt against the army of Pharaoh king of Egypt which was by the river Euphrates and Cares. Now remember Jeremiah was one of the few Israelite prophets that was sent to Gentiles as well. So was Elijah. Some of them such as Amos and Habac and them, they were Jewish prophets only. They never prophesied to the Gentiles. But the spirit of Elijah not only speaks to the Jews, but also to the Gentiles. Notice again Jeremiah 47:1. The word of the Lord that came to Jeremiah the prophet against the Philistines before that Pharaoh smokeote Gaza. Now notice this over and over again that God gives his word. So if God had something to say for the age, he didn't say it to the king. Now there was thousands of priests, but the word of the Lord never came to a priest. There was thousands of Levites, coites, cherosites, all kinds of people associated with the tabernacle and worship and all kinds of things. You'll never find the Bible saying the word of the Lord came to a Levite. The word of the Lord came to the cherosite. The word of the Lord came to the heart player. The word of the Lord came to the Larry player. But the word of the Lord came to the prophet. It's the same today. Now, we got some great musicians around the message, great singers, great preachers, great pastors, great evangelists. But the word don't come to a pastor. It comes to a prophet. And the young people said, notice in Daniel chapter 9:2, in the first year of his reign, I Daniel understood by books. Oh my goodness. So, here is Daniel the prophet now down in the kingdom which Nebuchadnezzar had carried them down and he's been there for quite some time. And Daniel was reading some message books. Praise the Lord. You know who had preached them message books? Jeremiah the prophet. Now Jeremiah was already gone. And how did Daniel know that there was supposed to be a pope that would come out of America? Now I'm updating it. How did Daniel know that? How did we know that? Because he had a prophet to tell us way back in 1954. Now, I mentioned it to you last week that that last time that they had a pope come in, I'd done a little research and a little bit of looking and the the theologians and all those great people said there will never be a pope that will ever come out of America. One of the brothers in her church heard me say that. He even asked AI and AI had said it would be totally impossible. This was before it happened. Totally impossible for one to ever come out of America. But you know what? When God says something, it don't make no difference what AI says. It don't make no difference what theologian said. When God says it, it will come to pass. Now, can you imagine when Brother Brandham saw a car 1933, a car going down the road with no steering wheel and a man and a woman had a table in there and they were playing a game. Now, somebody told me the other day that Brother Rob Weber had a car. I I suppose this is facts, right? And he beckoned that car. Is this true, brother Rob? To come and pick him up. You some of y'all seen it. Now, you imagine years ago when brother Brandham said that that people thought that's crazy. That's absolutely crazy. One of the brothers in our church, which drives a tractor and trailer all over America, had told me the other day that he has seen multiple tractors and trailers out in California, out in Las Vegas. He saw them tractors and trailers backing into freight docks. 40 foot trailer with a tractor probably wind up being 52 to 55t long. Backing the trailer in beside another tractor and trailer by remote control or a computer or something and there ain't nobody in there. Can you imagine going up and knocking on the window say, "Hey buddy, you're in the wrong lane." And there ain't nobody in there. There ain't nobody in there. Now, if people would have said that years ago, they said, "You're out of your mind." But God's word never fails. Listen, young people, don't you listen to the eyes of of or the ears rather, mouths of the unbelievers and let that go into your ears and sew a seed in your heart to try to make you doubt the message of the hour. Because who but a prophet of God would be able to look ahead in time and see things that seem like it was totally impossible for it to be. Oh my. So Daniel said in the first year of his reign, I Daniel understood by books the number of the years whereof the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah the prophet. I love it when these prophets will refer to other prophets that he would accomplish 70 years in the desolation of Jerusalem. Now, how did they know it was getting close? Cuz they had been studying the books of Jeremiah. Praise the Lord. Now, we can study the books of Paul and we should do that. But God has also given us a prophet in this day which has given us updated prophecies which will not will never never clash with them scriptures. But all it does is update us and bring us to a spot to be able to say Paul never saw America being destroyed and on fire. He never saw Los Angeles sink. Right? Paul never wrote that. Naam never wrote that. Habacook never wrote that. Obadiah, Amos, Hosea, none of those prophets ever wrote that. They never saw America being destroyed. They never saw America being written in in Revelation chapter 13. Who can make war with the beast? Look at it. Look at it. Just a change of the president and 120 days, however long it's been, it's absolutely unbelievable. And I know some of the things that are happening are remarkable, but on the other hand, they are frightening as well because we can see what the change of a president does to where the nations around the world just six months ago had a total different outlook of us in America. Why? Because we had such a weak leader. Now, I'm neither a Democrat nor a Republican. I ain't never voted in my life and I'm too old to start doing it now. I don't care nothing about politics. I care about prophecy. Amen. I care about prophecy. But look at what the change of the leadership has done to our nation. And look what it has done. The strength that has brought back to our image. And remember, America is identified prophetically. Well, how are we going to be able to know where America fits? We're going to read Revelation. We will, but we won't find her name in there. We're going to read Thessalonians. Yeah, we will, but we won't find her name. But God said, "Now, children, in the last days, I want you all to study the books of prophecy of your hour, and you'll be able to find the name of your nation spoke out." And I'll vindicate this man, and I'll give him prophecies that'll happen in your days. Now think young people how blessed you are. You are setting in the hour of modern events made clear sir by prophecy. You imagine brother Neville some of the old-timers that lived back in the day when brother Random was here and they they died. They went down believing there would come a time that there'd be a car on the road and they probably talked about it and said, "How you reckon it'll ever be? How will it be?" I don't know, brother. Boy, if that prophet saw it, it'll be that way. And your eyes are seeing it. And whenever he said there'd be a pope from America out of the United States, I thought, "Oh my goodness, can you imagine?" Brother Neville and the trustees and the deacons and the preachers and all them. And they lived and died and they've gone on to their reward and they never got to see it. But you in your lifetime have seen one prophecy after another. Oh, we say he guessed it, Brother Donnie. I'll tell you what. If he guessed it, I'd like for you to make a guess like that. I'd like for all these people that are attacking us and all these folks that have left the message, the believe the sign, which they don't believe the sign anyway. They're non-believers of the sign. I'd like for them to make a a prediction and let let's let them give us one. Testing one, two, three. One, two, three. Come on. They stream our services. They always stream these. They hate these prophet ones. I make a challenge to any of you believe the sign people. You make your prediction. Amen. You make your prophecy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now listen. Daniel says that he would accomplish 70 years in the desolations of Jerusalem. And I set my face unto the Lord God to seek by prayers and supplications and fasting and sackcloths and ashes. That's kind of what was doing here last night. That somber. Wasn't that a somber service last night? Wasn't it? I I I've thought about it all day. I I've been under that influence all day. Just I've not been able to shake it. Why? Because we look and see our prophecy. These are our prophecies, brother Joe. Our day, God has allowed us. You understand that people have lived the the way that God showed them. And many of them live their entire life and maybe never get to see one prophecy come to pass. And God has allowed us in this generation to see one after another after another. And they're happening so fast, we can't even hard to keep up with them. How blessed we are. Notice in Haggi 1:1, "In the second year of Darius the king, on the sixth month, and the first day of the month came the word of the Lord by Haggi the prophet, unto Zerubbabel the son of Sheil, governor of Judah, and to Joshua the son of Josedc the high priest, saying, Thus speaketh the Lord of hosts, saying, This people say, the time is not come the time that the Lord's house should be built. Then came the word of the Lord by Haggi the prophet, saying, Notice how prophets words could be prolonged or they could be for a timely season such as a present tense word. So the people were saying, "It ain't time to build the house of God. It ain't time. No, no, let's put it off." And God gave them a word for right then. Now this is not for future generations. And then he says it is time for you all ye to dwell in your sealed houses and this house lie waste. That's what I love about God when he gets ready to say something. If it's for a future, he can say it in such a way. If it's for present tense, he'll charge the anointed servants of God and they say, "You you're you're building your own houses and you're making them beautiful." And look at the house of God. Look in Zechariah 1 verse one. In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius came the word of the Lord. I'm sure you're getting the pattern here. So the word of the Lord came to the prophets, the son of Bachariah, the son of Idu the prophet, saying, The Lord hath been so displeased with your fathers. Therefore say thou unto them, thus sayith the Lord of hosts, turn ye unto me, sayeth the Lord of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the Lord of hosts. So God established Israel on the word of his prophets. Now, let's let's look if we can, we'll change it here in just a little different direction. Watch false prophets. Jeremiah 14:14. Then the Lord said unto me, "The prophets prophesy lies in my name. I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them. They prophesy unto you a false vision and divination and a thing of not and the deceit of their heart. Therefore, thus sayaith the Lord concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name. Now, they're not stand up and say, "Hey, I'm telling you a lie. I'm telling you in the name of Daryl Ward. I'm telling you in the name of Donnie Reagan." But they actually sit up and say, "I'm telling you this in the name of the Lord God of Israel." In the name of the Lord of hosts, this and this and this. And God said, "They're liars. They're liars. Thus saith the Lord concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name. I sent them not. Yet they say, sword and famine shall not be in this land." Watch the sign now of false prophets. It's always prophecy of good. God loves you and oh, he wants to bless you and oh my, all you got to do is sew a little seed into my ministry and then God will bless you. Remember, nothing from nothing leaves nothing. So, if you need to be blessed financially, send us $5 and then God will send you 10. Send us 15 and God may send you 150. Uh, brother, uh, uh, what about what about should I live a holiness life? Oh, you don't need that. That was in the Old Testament. But be sure and enclose your offering with your prayer request. Mhm. Well, brother, do we need to get on fire with God? Do we need to have an oldfashioned revival? Oh, no. The church has moved beyond that. Now God understands where we are. False prophets are still in the land, are they not? Notice in Lamentations 2:14, "Thy prophets have seen vain and foolish things over thee. They have not discovered." Ah, so they can see all kinds of spiritual things so-called, but they don't see the sins of the people, the iniquity of the people. Oh my goodness. They have not discovered thine iniquity to turn away thy captivity. So their captivity was linked to their sins. But false prophets are saying, "Oh, it's fine. It's fine. God understands. That's what the blood is for. That's what the blood is for. Because none of us can be perfect in this life." And God gave the blood because he knew that you would fall short of the glory of God and you would sin and even the preachers would drink a little bit on the side and the preachers would you know that they wouldn't be able to live right either and and God knew it would be that way but that's why he died on the cross turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness. God knows the reason why people can't live right in this day. they're not born again. That's the very reason if you get that snake killed out of your heart and you get the Holy Ghost in there, you can overcome every devil out of hell that comes your way. As a matter of fact, you are more than a conqueror. You won't just meet the challenge of the hour. You will have more power, more joy, more peace. Hallelujah. God ain't running out and just handing it out by thimbleful at a time and said, "Now stretch this out about six months if you can because I'm running short on joy up here in heaven. I'm running show short on joy and and power and peace." But God said, "I'll tell you what, children. I've got so much goodness and so much mercy and so much power. Oh, you'll never run out." The prophet said, "Can you imagine a little bitty fish being out on the ocean and saying, "I better drink of this water sparingly because I might run out." Oh, that would be about us trying to exhaust the blessing of God. There ain't no way we can ever do it. Notice in Matthew 17, now the same Lord Jesus that said he would send prophets also warned us about false ones. Beware of false prophets. which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. So you know what they do, right? So they put on a sheep's costume. So they put it on, put their hand in, their arm in, then they zip it up. [Music] And then [Music] they How's that sound? Now they can't really do what they do, but they've got to go [Music] But Jesus said they'd be clothed in sheep's clothing. So they'll come right among the sheep and they'll eat grass. Of course, it makes them sick to the stomach because it's too rich for them. They're meat eaters. Wolves don't eat grass. Ain't it amazing how far a false prophet will go to impersonate a real one. Now Jesus said, "But inwardly they are ravening wolves." Luke 6:26, "Woe unto you when all men speak well of you. For so did their fathers to the false prophets." Oh, so here's another sign of a false prophet. They don't hardly make anybody mad. They're just politicians like, you know, so they don't Oh, brother, where do you stand on this? Uh, where do you stand? Now, this may surprise you, but there are message preachers that are the same way. As a matter of fact, I'm on a chat with some, and you go discussing this or that or the other, you will never know where certain men stand until everybody else on the chat tells where they stand. And then this one, this one, and this one will finally voice where they stand. You talking about a coward and preach the message? Well, glory. Oh, so you thought all the false prophets was just out there. No, no, I tell you, they're not. They're right among us as well. Now, notice Acts 20:29. For I know this. I know this, that after my departure shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Now watch the sign of a false pastor, false apostle, false teacher, false prophet, whatever they are. Their concern is not about sparing the flock. It's not sparing the flock. It's dividing the flock, confusing the flock, deceiving the flock. But a true servant of God wants to spare the flock. Spare them what? False prophets, false teaching, confusion, anything that would that would weaken their walk with God. But a false one, it's all about them. Oh, how it must have broke Paul's heart to write this. But I'm sure glad he did. also of your own selves. Of your own selves. So it'll be men from among your own ranks. Men who say they believe my message. Paul could say also of your own selves shall men rise speaking perverse things. Oh, so this is another sign of a false one. To draw away disciples after Christ. After who? What? After them. Now what? What are these people? False leaders. False prophets. Notice again in Revelation 2:14, "I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balum, who taught Bailac to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication." Now, this is of course the church age that God's saying, I've got something against you all because you actually, he said, you have them there that hold the doctrine of Balum. Now, this is amazing because you don't find these words being said quite like this in the Old Testament. But this is God speaking to a prophet on the aisle of Patmas. And these are the words of the Lord Jesus. And the Lord Jesus calls this the doctrine of Balum. So what was the doctrine of Balum? It was that he taught Bailac, King Bailac, how to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel. So, Josephus says, and Tacticus and some of the other historians of this time frame writing back about what happened was that the daughters of Moab were very, very beautiful women, dressed ungodly, acted ungodly, and Bailac tried to get Balum to prophesy, we looked at it several weeks ago, against Israel, but God wouldn't let him do it. His prophecy was 100% accurate. One of the most profound prophecies of the Old Testament, Numbers chapter 24, a star shall arise out of Jacob. But yet, it was not the prophecy of Balam that was wrong. It was the doctrine. So once Balam got down out from under the anointing, he looked out upon the children of Israel and he says, "I know a way you can get them." So then Joseph says that they built up they had little booths on the outside of the camp of Israel. Now they're camping near the land of Moab. So they'd have little booths sort of like we do whenever we have our fall fest and they have people, you know, fixing donuts over here and frying baloney over here and this and that over there. So these women, these beautiful women were out there and they had this little booth over here and this little booth over there and they started flirting with them sons of God. And then it went from one thing to another to another. And then they started actually committing adultery right there. Now that is the doctrine of Balum. Now, here we are thousands of years later in this church age and God said, "You've got some in the church there and they're preaching the doctrine of Balum." Now, you imagine they would have said, "Wow, we're not preaching the doctrine of Balum." My goodness, we've not even referred to Balum. But what was Balum's doctrine? interject sin in with the truth in order to divert the the attention of the people little by little and you'll pull them away from the word and then you will force the hand of God to punish his own children. It's a very cunning thing, isn't it? Oh my. So he says, "Who taught bailac to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel to eat things sacrificed unto idols and to commit fornication." Any you Bible readers remember how this plague was actually stopped when God sent forth a plague among the children of Israel and thousands of them. What was it? 14,000. I think it's been a while since I read it, but I'm thinking over 14,000. Was it Brother Daryl? something like that that died. And here come a man that would have seemed so cruel and so hard. And one of the Israelite men took one of the daughters of Moab to his tent. And here come this man with a javelin in his hand and thrust this Israelite and this Moabitete woman through with a javelin and killed them both. And it stopped the plague. And God said because Phineas did this I will make an everlasting covenant with him. But most people would think that man was a murderer. He was so cruel. He had no love. But you see, he did have love. But he had love and the right priority. He no doubt loved that man. And he hated to have to do that. But he loved his God more than he loved that man. And the spirit of God must have inspired him. And whenever he ran in and put that javelin right through that man and that woman and the plague of God was stayed and it so moved the heart of God. Oh may may we be like the Phineas in the message of the hour and not not just necessarily preachers but may we stand as young people and say Lord let let me be a light. Let me be one that will stand for the truth in this end time. Oh my. Let's read a few more. We'll stop. So this is the way we'll know a false prophet. Matthew 7:16. You shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles. A false prophet can say so much of the word. The Bible says this and the Bible says that and the Bible says something else and the Bible says this, but remember, listen to them long enough and they will leave the word. They can't be false and always say 100% with the word. Totally against their nature. Matthew 24:11, "Many false prophets shall rise and shall deceive many." Now, boy, the Baptist would all say, "Amen to that scripture." And the all the unbelief the sign would say, "Amen to that scripture." Yes, sir. That's exactly what we're talking about. False prophets in the land. Well, now I guess there's something about this I I apparently don't understand. So, we will say, amen, that there are false prophets, but it don't make no sense that there will be false ones. If there ain't no true ones, it's impossible for there to be false prophets. Unless there's been a true one in the land somewhere, if not, the false ones would be the true one. There could not be counterfeit money, you know, you unless there was a real money. If not, the counterfeit would be the real. Notice now, for there shall arise, Matthew 24:24, false Christs, notice not false Jesuses. How many of you people that know any Spanish people whose name is Jesus? Anybody? Yeah, there's lots of them. It's a common name. It's a common name, Jesus, Jesus. But when Jesus said this, he did not say that there would be false Jesus's but false Christ. And what does the word Christ mean, anointed ones, the Messiah? So in the world of Christendom, they won't say, "I'm Jesus. I'm Jesus. I'm Jesus." But they say, "Glory to God. We've got the anointing. We've got the Holy Spirit in our church. We've got the anointing." And is it real? A lot of times it is. But you don't judge them by the anointing. You judge them by the word they preach. But now listen what they will do. For there shall arise false Christs and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Which shows me this move will not be out just in the denominations, but some of this will be around the message of the elect. How could it almost deceive the elect unless they come in contact with it face to face? It's got to be that close to us. And the young people said, "Oh, Brother Donnie, that scares me. That scares me." You don't have to be scared. Be filled with the Holy Ghost. Pray. The Holy Ghost cannot be deceived. And if you'll pray and be filled with the spirit of God, and you check every man, including me, I'm not a bit worried about you checking me by the scripture. Check me. Check me. You need to Yes. Check brother Joe. Check brother Daryl. That's why that I can check brother Brandon by the scripture. Why? He was a word prophet. If brother Brandon wasn't a wasn't a right along and total agreement with the word of God, how could it be a prophet sent from God? Second Peter chapter 2 verse one. But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall be false teachers among you. Privy shall bring in damnable heresies. Now notice privy which means they will start in private. So they'll go from house to house or you know have a little meeting and you know just just two or three of us and well the pastor don't need to be here that's okay you know they just you know I'm kind of wondering about brother Donnie ain't you all you know I'm kind of wondering about him and so they meet privately well not this is just us you know well if you got something to say it in front of me unless of Of course, you're a coward. Cuz I will confront you. Hello. Don't pass out on me now. Huh? Hey, I am sent for now anyway as a shepherd to watch over this flock. So, I am more than willing to lay down in front of the gate and dare the devil. to try to come over me. Would you want any other kind of pastor? Would you want a pastor that say, "Oh, I'm so scared of the devil. I'm afraid the devil might get me. So, I'm going to come back to and hide with you all your sisters. I'm going to get among you." And your brothers, I'm going to get among you. Devil, please, devil, don't bother me. Is that the kind of man you want watching after your soul? I want a man that's wilder to stand there and go, "All right, devil. Come if you will, but I'm warning you. You'll leave without a nose, an ear, an eye, three toes on one side, five on the other. You'll go out of here dialing 911 if you got any fingers left. I'm warning you. We're not compromising here. We're called to protect these young people. We're called to lead them to the Holy Ghost. were called to preach the word. Yep. That's the kind of man I'd want to sit under if I wasn't a preacher. Let's stand together. We'll pick it up again. Praise the Lord. Can I read you just a couple more verses? You rest yourself there and we'll we'll change and go a little bit different direction next time. Let's jump down here to 1 John chapter 4 verse one. Brothers. Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits, whether they are of God, because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Hereby we know, hereby know ye the spirit of God. Every spirit that confessth that Jesus Christ, not has come, but is come in the flesh is of God. Now remember this is first John. So this is written around 93 to 94 AD. So John is not referencing now back has come. He's already come. Almost every denomination believes that. But do they believe he is present tense come? That he is here now by the baptism of the Holy Ghost in his people hereby know the spirit of God. Every spirit that confessth that Jesus Christ and come in the flesh is of God. Every spirit that confessth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God. And this is that spirit of Antichrist which you have heard that it should come. Even now already is it in the world. 93 AD and it was already here. How much greater is it now? Thank God for the truth. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, how we love you tonight. Lord Jesus, we're so grateful for the scriptures. We thank you for our Bibles. Lord, I I I'm so grateful that you allowed us to be able to have your word written down. We know in the days of Luther, it's no wonder that there was such darkness on the earth and why it was called the dark ages. But you made a way so that the printing press couldn't be invented. And Lord, whenever they started printing it and the Bible started being printed, they had to smuggle them in. They had to sneak them in every way by ships, by donkey carts, every way to get the word to the people. And what did it cause? A revival. The people were ignorant for years and years of what the Bible actually said. And you moved on Luther's heart to start translating it because the church didn't want him to have the Bible. And the church, the Catholic church I'm referring to, told them they couldn't understand it. No way. They didn't need to read it. But Martin Luther wanted to help get the Bible in the hands of the people. People like him, John Hus, John Wackliffe, many of those men. Oh, I can't wait to meet them, Lord. They labored day and night till their eyes would oh would hurt so bad because they were sitting there. They didn't have AI. They didn't have a printer, but they'd have to write each copy so they could get it among the believers. It caused a revival. Oh, Jesus. Here we are in this day. We've got it on our phones. We've got it on our iPads, our laptops. Shame on us, Lord. If we don't really read it and feed on it and appreciate it, Father, we love you tonight, Lord Jesus. I pray you'd bless these young people, Lord God. Keep them in your mercy and your grace. Father, thank you for this time we've had together. Bless him, Father. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra, my proider Jehovah. Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah show my prince of peace. Lord I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you [Music] are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Oh, because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Sing it to him tonight. Jehovah Gyra, you're my proider. Jehovah n Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are, Lord. I worship you because of who you are. Sing it one more time. Jehovah Gyra my proider. Jehovah n Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace, and I worship you because of who you are, Lord. I worship [Music] you. Amen. Can we just give a hand for what we heard tonight? Just appreciate that brother Donnie musicians and told me to close. So close. Um I was just thinking about it and you know we're all wondering how many parts there's going to be and there's just so much to learn. There's so much to know and we appreciate every bit of it but you know you can only contain so much in your mind and you can only try to explain so much to someone else. But, you know, someone should just if you really want to tell someone about the message and what we believe, just say, "Look at me. It's working." You know, I heard a testimony. Brother Cadre Diggs said, um, he met with an atheist one time and the guy he doubted his testimony that Brother Cadre was healed from cancer and he said, "It's a complete miracle." And the guy said, "I want to see the scans. I want to see the doctor notes. I want to see it all." And he said, "Well, why would you want to see that if you can look at me? I got a scar right here. My eyes a little bit turned right here. My family can tell you that I had cancer, but I'm healed." And that's how it should be with us. We can just go up to someone and when they say, "Why do you believe what you believe?" I can say. I mean, maybe I can't say all the quotes and all the scriptures at that moment, but my life's been changed forever. I'm not the same. I'm not just going to church. I'm not just living a different life when I get home, but truly I've been changed. It's like we're saying, it's nothing that we can actually really do or study to learn to figure out how to be better, but just because of who he is and what he's done for us. So, let's just keep that in our hearts and let's pray. And Lord Jesus, we love you, Lord. And we're just so grateful for all that you do for us, Lord. And we're just so grateful for men of God, Lord, who can come and take the time and to to bring these quotes, these scriptures, Lord Jesus, to help us understand, Lord. And I appreciate that how Brother Donniey's been showing it to us, Lord. We can point to the Bible, Lord. That's that's our source, Lord. It's your word, Father. It's the truth. But Lord Jesus, above all, we want it to be our hearts that prove who you are, Lord. We want it to be our lives to prove that your ministry is still here. That you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. That you're still giving out the Holy Ghost, Father. That you can change any heart, Lord Jesus. So, Lord, may we yield to that. And maybe, Lord, one or some of us here might not have a life like that, Lord. And when we look at our own lives, we can just think that, well, I'm not really proven it. But, Father, you can change that, Lord, if we would just yield it to you. So we just trust in you in all things, Lord. May we ever step closer, Lord, to that perfect image that you have of us, Father. Trusting that you'll take us there all the way, Lord. We We can't do it ourselves, Lord. And we failed so many times, but Lord Jesus, we just yield to you, oh God. Move for us and your people around the world, Father. We trust you. We love you, Lord Jesus. We pray that you bless us, every single one, as we leave tonight. Just keep your mercies around us, Father. And may we just think of you and let these things dwell in our hearts, Lord. It's in Jesus Christ's name we pray. [Music] Amen. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I give you thanks this moment and I will continually for each day I live. Your grace you give. I'm blessed abundantly. I can't forget the moment when in my life you made such a change. Cuz when the spirit came, I've not been the same. And I want to give you thanks. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you come. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh, I give you thanks. Oh, you're always right beside me. You hear me every time I pray. Since I first began, you're my dearest friend. And I give you all the praise. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks. for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Let's sing this song as we go. Just as you leave, you're dismissed. Can't you see? See why I'm so happy I've accepted the word of the Lord. The [Music] revealed word that was [Music] spoken by the prophet of Malachi 4. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy I've accepted
