################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - Getting In The Spirit Pt.174 - Donny Reagan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-11
Title:   Getting In The Spirit Pt.174
Speaker: Donny Reagan
Church:  Word Of Life Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fus6A8gtL1o
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Okay. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] My voice. Oh, cares all past at last. Ever to rejoice. Yes. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Tears all pass home at last, ever to rejoice. Oh, now as I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Sing it. Oh, I want to see him. [Music] Oh, there see And on the streets of glory will now tears all pass. Home at last, ever to rejoice. Now when in service for my Lord, dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan snares may vix my soul, turn my thoughts aside, but my Lord goes ahead, leaves what air be tied. Oh, I want to see him. [Music] Oh, there to sing forever. And on the streets of glory on out cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. Amen. Give the Lord a good hand tonight if you love him. Praise the Lord. Isn't it good to be in the house of God tonight? Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him tonight. Praise the Lord. What a privilege it is. Once again, Brother Keith, once again, we got to come back to the house of the Lord. Amen. Real privilege, isn't it? It really is a tremendous privilege. And well, we had a a tremendous time here Sunday morning. How many of you appreciate the word of the Lord? So, so timely, so very good, and so needful. I needed it. How about you? I needed it. I'm so glad God looks at our needs and spiritual food in due season. Amen. Praise the Lord. So glad to have you with us tonight. If we have any visitors, we want to say we welcome you. Glad to have you in this service. Trust you'll receive a blessing. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless those folks as well. Could we give all these people a good hand tonight if you will? Praise the Lord. We got some prayer requests we're going to let you know about. Brother uh brother Keith Buchanan. They're they're just uh really excited on his behalf. He was uh as you know been on the list for a liver transplant for a good while and just never could get all the particulars worked out. But he finally this past week had I think he had a a heart cathization to make certain his heart was strong enough to undergo the surgery. Everything came back great and he got to talk to the doctor that's going to be doing as far as I know do going to be doing the surgery. So they're thankful that the all these things has worked out for him and I praise the Lord for that. Don't you? Amen. Brother and sister Maxwell, they're offering thanks tonight. Their son Michael had open heart surgery this morning. They I believe they brother Jim said they've moved him out of intensive care at this time and he's doing he's doing really good. So, we want to thank the Lord for that. Could we give the Lord a good hand for those testimonies tonight? Amen. We still want to continue to pray for both of those gentlemen, Keith and and and Michael both that the Lord would just bring them through and and I believe you'll do that for us. Don't you? Please remember Diana Pascal who is having health issues and for God's perfect will some that uh she will make the right decisions on some issues that are coming up. So, we want to remember that. Continue to pray for brother Homer uh and Sister Ruby Blankin. The Lord knows all about their needs. Just precious people. And we want to remember them in prayer tonight. Brother Elmer and Sister Lou Lucille Atkins. Greetings to you all. Thank you for your prayers and cards. Love and appreciate you all. Brother Elmer and Sister Lucille. Well, that's some precious folks right there in it. Give them a good hand tonight if you will. Praise the Lord. I know their heart's desire along with brother Bert and and sister Barbara that some of those folks that got to come here for a while would love to be back here tonight. I'm certain of that. So, let's pray for him if you will. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is in need of prayer for some medical and financial situations. Also, she's asking that we would pray for a lady by the name of Nancy bound by al alcohol. So, they're asking that we would remember that prayer request tonight. Brother Jim Hughes from Virginia wants us to remember Brandon kidney stones may be facing surgery. Also for Donna fell and hurt her arm and foot very bad. Also for John Baldwin facing cancer. So we want to remember those requests tonight. Brother, brother brother Randy Squad is asking that we would pray for him decisions that he's going to have to make concerning legal matters. The Lord knows all about it. He's just asking that we would remember that. remember brother Randy Scott tonight in prayer that the Lord would be mindful of him. Uh this is from uh Sister Mara from uh from Toronto, Canada. I would like to thank the whole church for praying for me last Wednesday. I've got a very good report on my medical test. Thank you and God bless. Somebody say praise the Lord. Amen. Thank God for that. Sister Shirley Robin says that Greg had a heart cathization today. They put in two stances. All went well. Pray for continued recovery. So, we want to remember him tonight as we pray. Brother Matthew and Sister Rosie Carowway says to please pray for a Rebecca Hajj. She had an elective surgery for a gastric sleeve on Tuesday. She has had difficulty waking up and breathing on her own. She has gone into cardiac arrest more than once. They have placed her in ICU and on life support. The next 24 to 48 hours are crucial. She has two children age 11 and five. They are dear friends of ours. So, we certainly want to remember those folks tonight as we pray. All of our local folks in our assembly that are suffering from various various sicknesses and different needs in their lives. We want to remember them tonight as we pray. Could we stand together? Let's sing that little course together one more time. Oh, I want to see him. I believe that the cry of the church is we want to see the Lord. Amen. This whole world's reeling and rocking tonight, but I'm glad we're serving a God that's got it all in control. Do you believe it with all your heart tonight? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise. Amen. Yes. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. Brother Bert on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all past home at last. Ever to rejoice. Yes. Oh, I want to see him. [Applause] All sing it there to sing forever. And on the streets of glory. [Music] Oh, now cares all past. Home at last ever to rejoice. We love this brother right here, don't we? Brother, God bless you, daddy. appreciate you. Sure. Love you all, too. Let's pray together. Father, Lord, we oh my, how we want to see you, Lord. And we're just overwhelmed sometimes, Lord, the way your word is coming to us. And we know we're seeing you being lived out in a many membered body, Lord, that you're bringing to a completion time. Father, we're just so grateful for the word of God that's working in our lives. Lord, is sometimes painful these requests that we hold before you, Father, many opportunities here for you to manifest your word. But Lord, those that are living out the faith and virtues and knowledge and temperance and patience that's being formed in each one of us, Lord, through these things, Lord, we know it's hard right now for many, but Father, you're a renewer of strength. Tonight, we're joining our hearts and minds together in one accord to ask what you want us to do. ask and that is for you to move for each one according to your perfect will. May your word be made manifest in every one of these needs and the promises of God be brought forth Lord for each one testimonies of the living Jesus Christ. We are going to be seeing you in these answers, Lord. And for tonight's service, Father, once more, we have great needs, Lord. Many, many questions of our hearts. How to navigate the steps ahead, Lord Jesus, according to your word for each one of us. We we believe tonight you'll speak to each one of our needs and receive our thanksgiving, our praise, our worship, Lord, as a personal love affair unto you, Lord. Let it be so for every heart and mind in this building today, Lord, tonight. anoint our pastor, whoever be speaking, Lord, that the gift of God would be free to rule and reign over every spirit, every human trait, every characteristic of humanity, Lord. May it come subject to your word tonight, Lord, as we take and go forth in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Bless you. Amen. Users, if you'd like to come at this time, receive the evening offering, you give us unto the Lord. Once again, if you're visiting with us tonight, God bless you. We're so glad to have you with us tonight. Let's sing this little song from of the church. Brother Brandham, I heard him say it today. An old song of the church. Fill my way with love. How many of you need more love? Well, I know I do. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Sing it now. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Let me walk, blessed Lord, in the way thou has gone, leading straight to the land above. Oh, giving cheer to the sad and the lonely. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly d. [Music] Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my savior and God. Let me never in darkness ro. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Yes. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. God bless. You can be seated tonight. Got a couple of specials for you. Brother Nathan Noel and Brother David going to be singing for us tonight. If y'all will come on to the platform and be getting ready to sing. Let's sing just a little bit more of that. Fill my way every day with love as the singers make their way to the platform. Soon this race will be over and I'll travel no more but abide in my home above. Oh let me sing blessed king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with a heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. Give our singers a nice hand tonight as they sing for you. [Music] A long life's way. Some loved ones departed in heaven to stay, but thank God I didn't lose everything. [Music] I lost faith in people who said they care. In the time of my crisis, they were never there. But in my disappointments, in my cities of pain, one thing never wavered. One thing never changed. Well, I never lost my hope. [Music] Oh, when I never lost my joy. Oh, well, I never lost my faith, but most of all, well, I never lost my praise. When I've let some blessings slip away. when I lost my focus and went astray. But thank God I didn't lose everything. Now I lost possessions that were so dear and I lost some battles by walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggles, in my season of pain, one thing never wavered. One thing never changed. Well, I never lost my hope. [Music] Oh, when I never lost my joy. Will I never lost my faith? But most of all, will I never lost my praise. Will I never lost my hope? Oh, when I never lost my joy. Will I never lost my faith. But most of all, will I never lost my praise. [Music] Now I've let some blessings slip away when I lost my focus and went astray. But thank God I didn't lose everything. [Music] Now I lost possessions that were so dear. And I've lost some battles by walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggles, in my season of pain, one thing never wavered. One thing never changed. And I never lost my hope. [Music] Oh, when I never lost my joy. Well, I never lost my faith. But most of all, well, I never lost my bra. Oh, when I never lost my hope and I never lost my joy. Well, I never lost my faith. But most of all, will I never lost my faith. [Music] [Applause] Amen. You can help me sing once again. I like your participation. Helps me. Worthy is the Lamb. And I sang it not too long ago, but I think we'll sing it again tonight. We could never ever We'll be through the eternity singing Worthy is the Lamb. So, I'd say we could sing it. Let's sing it with all our hearts. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. [Music] Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. [Music] Thank you for this love Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. Crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the darling of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid, bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. We thank you for the nailpierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace. Oh worthy is the lamb. Seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. Oh high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the darling of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know, your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb who seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. Oh high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the darling of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Thank God. Aren't you glad we know that tonight? Amen. He's the only one that was worthy to take that book for our lives. So grateful that he was. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Okay, let me ask you an updated question. Are you happy to be the house of the Lord? Yeah. One of these days, this building right here will be nothing no more than ash, the steel, the block, the wood, carpet, all the paint, and everything else totally annihilated. So, we want to have more than just a church building, don't we? We want to have the kingdom of God within us. And Jesus says it, "Lo, the kingdom of God is within you." I'm happy that it can be that way tonight. It's a privilege for us to be gathered together once again. Let's read if you would in Genesis 24 verse 21. Hope you're not getting tired of hearing these scriptures. I love prophecy that pertains to our day. Ellie and I was riding over to Kingsport one day this week and we were talking about driving because she was going to driving school. And so we were talking about driving and I told her, I said, Ellie, you know that a lot of people live their life on this earth and they live their entire life. They may have never saw one prophecy in the scripture fulfilled because sometimes it can go for hundreds of years before prophecy will be fulfilled. So there'll be the lifetime of this generation, nothing fulfilled. That generation, nothing fulfilled. And we were talking about cars. Of course, she's taking driving school. So I told her, I said, "Remember now, honey, in 1933, Brother Brandham saw the vision of a car shaped like an egg and he saw a family in that car with the table like and they were facing each other and they were playing games." I said, ' Now you in your lifetime have lived to see the age when brother Rob and I called your name could beckon his car to come around to the front door and pick him up. I said, "Have you seen that?" She said, "Yeah, Poppy, I've seen that." I said, 'Well, there's one of the brothers in our church that drives a truck, and he told me that he has seen in Las Vegas 40 foot tractors and trailers be probably 50 some feet with a tractor and everything on it back up to loading docks to unload freight by themsel. Yeah, that's pretty incredible to be able to pull one of them things forward. But to be able to back an 18-wheeler now, no doubt years ago when the prophet said that, people probably laughed and made fun of him and said all kinds of stuff about him, didn't he? But think how many prophecies have come to pass in your lifetime. And most of us are under 300, right? So, I mean, wow. Think of all the things that have come to pass in our day. All the riots going on in Los Angeles and more to come this week. No doubt. You know what it is? Another prophecy. Another prophecy as it was in the days of Noah. What was in the days of Noah? Destruction. Violence. Look how many times the word violence is used there in Genesis 6. When you see all this, it's another word being fulfilled. I know it. It's really sad. I'm waiting for my word to be fulfilled. Oh yeah. We also are prophecy. You believe it with all your heart. So let's read again now about this great great prophetic thing. For we know that sometimes God would take prophets and he would he would give them the inspired word and they would say, "Thus sayaith the Lord, this and this and this will happen." And that other times God would take prophetic symbols and write it in the lives of people and they never even said thus saith the Lord. But it was like the word prophetic form living out of their life. This is one of them here in Genesis 24. And the man wondering at her held his peace to wit whether the Lord had made his journey prosperous or not. And it came to pass as the camels had done drinking that the man took a golden earring of half a shekele of weight and two bracelets for her hands of 10 shekels weight of gold. And said, "Whose daughter art thou? Tell me, I pray thee. Is there room in thy father's house for us to lodge in?" Now remember, he's not by himself. It's a one-man message, but there's other men that are helping pack it. [Music] Don't twist God's prophets words. It's damnable to do so. Amen. Eliza was not by himself. God sent brother Brandham in this day, but he's asked the question emphatically, "Are you the only one to preach?" That question and answer will condemn many people around this message who do not believe in preachers. That's right. Because God's prophet, who they say they believe, answered that question. We'll get to it tonight, maybe. Now notice, so he asked, "Is there room in your house?" "Yes, yes, there's room in the house." "Who daughter are you?" She tells him, verse 24, "And she said unto him, I am the daughter of Bethule, the son of Milka, which she bare unto Nahor." She said, "Moreover, unto him, we have both straw and proven enough and room to lodge in." And the man bowed down his head and worshiped the Lord. Well, let us bow down our heads and worship the Lord and pray. Heavenly Father, the prophet has taught us it's one of the greatest privileges that a mortal has is when he bows his head and calls on Father God. So Lord, we bow our heads tonight in your presence, thanking you once again for the opportunity that we can assemble ourselves together on Wednesday night. Oh, how we love church, Father. It's not so much the building. It's not just so much to see one another, though we do come for that as well, but to come into your presence. For Lord, I could get into the presence of my brothers and my sisters and have a great need and I might put on a smile and I might say something and they'd think everything is okay. But down in my heart, I'd be so burdened and so weary. But if I can get in your presence, you know what's in my heart and you can fix it for me. Amen. No doubt these people love me as their pastor and they would do anything and everything they could within their power to lighten my load. I don't think there's anyone here who calls this church their home church. Looks for the opportunity to add to my load. I don't think there's any of them that despise me and look for opportunities by which they can make me lose my sleep at night. Although I do. None of them are looking for opportunities by which they could hurt one another and spread rumors or lies. But sometimes we just don't know. We're just unaware. So, Father, we're in your presence now and you know our battles. You know our strengths. You know our weaknesses. You know our faults and you love us in spite of them all. So tonight, would you open your word to us, Jesus? I'm so needy of you, Father. I've studied. I've prayed. I've tried to do everything I know to do to present myself. So here I am your servant reporting for duty. Not only myself but here these other servants are here reporting for duty. So speak through me, hear through them. Live through us all to the glory of God. For it's in the name of Jesus Christ we ask it. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may be seated. So last Wednesday night we were looking at what was called the cuba. And the cuba was the marriage contract between a man and a woman. You never find no cuba ordained of God between two men. Come on. or two women only in a perverted age and nation. Will you see that? So the man had certain responsibilities and certain things by this binding vows of the cuba that he must be faithful to. He must be loyal to. Now, it was legally binding. If the man did not fulfill his part, the man could actually be sued. If the woman did not fulfill her part, she could also be sued or she could be put away. Now, I'm talking about in the engagement stage. So, they've not even drank the last cup of wine yet. They've not stood under the hoop. The man has not known her yet as his wife, but they agree to the contract or the covenant. Now, I'm sure that those of you that have read this, you've already noticed it, but I will point it out to you again that the bridegroom gives the bride certain gifts, not required by the cuba. So, the bridegroom is not required to give the bride gifts, but he does by choice. And then he will pick those gifts of what he thinks will impress her and also minister to her and meet certain needs and help her to fulfill also her part. And again, let me draw this to your attention that the bride does not give gifts to the bridegroom. So the gifts are always on the receiving end of the bride. The bridegroom does not receive gifts. Praise the Lord. Why? He don't need them. Now notice what the bride Well, brother Donnie, what she what she give to him? This is what he wants from her herself. He wants her. Now think this is still among many of the Jews the common practice to this day. So the bridegroom's family will send presents and different things to represent the notoriety notoriety rather and the royalty if he was royal or the richness of the father and what he was and it would speak to her. But again, the bride never gave gifts back to the bridegroom's mother and father or the bride never gave gifts back to the bridegroom. So you see the way they looked at it and still do the the family that received the bride was actually getting a great gift from her family. And they would give a bride price because in their view of it, whenever a man found a real woman, a real godly woman, she was a thing of such value. They felt they needed to give the family, the mother and father, a bride price because a mother and father was losing a great thing. And the bridegroom and his mother and father, they were gaining a great treasure, a great prize. Now I want you to notice that from the bridegroom's side it was not viewed that way. It was not viewed that the family of the bridegroom was losing a son. But it was viewed by the bridegroom's family that the bride's family was the one that was losing something. Amen. So from the bridegroom's family, it was viewed that they were the ones that was gaining so much. Oh my. If people only realize what the value of a real daughter of God not only was, but what she still is. Now, if you'll listen to that closely, you'll kind of get an understanding of why why you're valued so highly yourself a as the bride of Christ. But now, the bride never brought silver, gold, purple, linen, tapestry, you know, whatever her her father would have had and mother and herds and so on and so on. Uh, but even even brother Obadiah Kamati, any of y'all remember him? I know sister hope does. He used to be her pastor there in Kenya. But brother Kumadi came through here years and years ago and his wife and brother Kumladi had to to give a certain price for his wife. I don't remember exactly how many goats it was. You remember Carol? It was so many goats that he had to pay for his wife. So I mean that's not been hundreds of years ago. But because the same view was viewed by many of the African tribes to this same day. So by taking the bride then the bride was going to leave her home. She's going to leave her mother and her father and the groom is going to recompense her. He himself is going to give her personal endowment from his own wealth and his own riches to compensate hallelujah for the sacrifice of all she's going to give up for it. And his father and mother they said son we we we want to do likewise. We want to give to your bride to be and and also to her family because we know she's going to be a great lady and she'll be a a great matriarch of our family. Now remember it was very very important of course the sea line in the way that God dealing with the natural seed but it's not been that many years ago now for years and years breeders that hunted big massive buck deer and uh some farmers that took to raising deer and elk and different things like that. And for years and years it was thought to be that the bigger the buck and the more massive his horns and that would be the one that they would want. And they really didn't pay that much attention to the dough which is the female. But in the last I don't know how many years that it's been. But they've also began to realize that the dough herself mixing her genes with this certain buck will produce greater offspring. So they are realizing that even in the animal kingdom that it's not just the male but it's also the female. You see God already knew that law. God already knew that law in order for him to reproduce himself down through the church ages correctly. It was not enough that he be God. It was not enough that he be the word, but he must have a mate on earth that would match his word as close as could be matched for the anointing of that hour. And out of that union would produce the progeny of the church age that that message came into existence. Now, can't you see why the character of the bride in this going home time must match that of the groom? Can't you see why then that the church, the church per se, the outside church, the denominational systems and so on, for him to mix his promise seed word with them, what would it reproduce? What would it, you know, you takes just the genos of God and mix it into the womb of a person that picks and chooses what they want and well, we don't believe in tongues and we don't believe in the anointing and we don't believe in this and we don't believe in that. And then you mix the seed with that, what do you get? Another church member. But if Jesus could find a people, a bride whose, oh hallelujah, whose genes and whose spiritual DNA matches his own, and he could overshadow that bride church, and out of her will come offspring. What kind of young ones would they be? Acts 2:38. tongue speaking young ones. Well, that's what happened on the day of Pentecost. Is that right? That's what happened in the book of Acts. So, it were at the day when the very same thing not only can but will and is happening again on the earth. For the son of man, now listen to me carefully. I was thinking about the other day and I'd shared this with Carol. I I maybe have maybe crossed my mind before, but I I just could not remember it when the Lord spoke it to my heart. And it was I've been studying on the parallel of Paul's ministry and brother Random's ministry and in the New Testament how that God chose the church age messenger and the words that would come through him and every word that he spoke by the inspiration of God that Paul never said thus sayaeth the Lord women can't preach or thus sayeth the Lord you know this or thus sayeth the Lord as a matter of fact hard any in the New Testament. Yet they accepted those writings as straight from the spirit of God. And I begin to think about the parallel between Paul and between brother Brandham. And it just hit me like a bolt of lightning that Paul was the original church age messenger of course and had a great administration from the presence of God. But yet Paul never had the ministry of the son of man. Now see, Paul never one time claimed that the ministry of the son of man was being revealed through him in that church age. Now why? It had already come through the lord Jesus. So there was no promise in the Ephesian age with the first prophet church age messenger for the son of man to reoccur again in that first age. But he promised that he would come back in the layout of sin churches. So what would it be? A revealing of the son of man aresh. Praise be to God. Don't you understand that God never just sent a prophet in this last days, but it has been the personal ministry of the Lord Jesus in order to produce a bride like the original in the book of Acts. Oh, glory. It actually took more than just brother Brandham's ministry of Malachi 4. This is why he would make this remarkable statement and trying to do God a service in Streetport in 1965 when he said, "Now the Elijah of this day is the Lord Jesus Christ. He's to come according to Luke 17:30." Now, wait a minute. I thought Malachi 4 was Elijah this day. Well, it is. It's the emerging of the son of man in the body of a son of man. Now think with me, friends. This never happened to Paul. Boy, some of you's about ready to scratch your head and say, "What in the world?" Think about it. It never happened in the days of Paul. Why? It was not needed. The son of man hadn't been gone from the earth that long. And that anointing was still there in the Ephesian age. Remember, the prophet tells us they were working under the anointing of Christ himself in that first church age. but knowing it was going to be lost down through the rest of the ages and he must come back himself in order to restore the birth anointing of the word. Now think of what we are living under then that will help bring us to this place and then think what people are turning down when they reject this message of the last day. It would be bad enough just to reject a prophet sent from God, vindicated by his presence. But they're not just turning down a prophet sent from God. They're turning down the visit of Jesus Christ himself in the ministry of son of man. And the church said, now think, so the bride, remember he tells us now proving his word that can you get it separated? Now, norm time it says it this way. Can you get it separate now? It seems to be so hard for you. The seventh angel is not the son of man, but he's revealing to the public the son of man. The son of man is Christ. You say, "How is that even possible?" The power of the blood could so cleanse a human being that the Lord Jesus could step inside a human being's body and use him for a moment of time to be able to call his bride. Now notice then he said and does God change his mind about his word? It will be take more than a clergyman to reveal the son of man in the last days. And it will be the Christ and the bride being joined together by what he said the revealing of the son of man. You see friend, we're not being married to brother Brandham. We're not being married to preachers in the message. We're being married to Christ the word. Now, this is why our attitude toward the word is what determines what our status is with God. If you will compromise on the word for anybody, any human being, that shows there's a lack in your love for the Lord Jesus and his word, that word ought to be the head of everything you do. And the church said, now watch, so the bride then she don't give gifts to the bridegroom. So whenever Eleazar come and ministered to the bride, she had certain gifts that was set aside for her. Then also there was gifts which was the bride price which would go to her father and her mother and her brother of course was the spokesman Laban. And their gifts were different. But the bride never turned right around Rebecca and told Eleazar how she thought the gifts ought to be operated. Amen. It was not the bride telling Eliza, "Now, don't put that on my hand. Put that on my head. Don't put that on my on my head. Put that on my foot. Don't put that here. Don't do this." It was not Rebecca telling Eleazar the order of the gifts. It was Eleazar showing Rebecca the order of the gifts. Oh, hallelujah. So she gave him no gifts, no gold, no silver, no tapestry as I said. So what is she going to give to him? Is she totally then exempt free where she doesn't have to do anything at all to where that there's no requirement? Oh no, there's great requirement of the bride. But it's just different than it was for the bridegroom. So the bride the bride's part, there was multiple layers to this, but one of the first and foremost was that it was going to be an un an an undistracted devotion. So there's nothing that will distract her from this time on. Now remember what's going on with Rebecca. With each statement, positive affirmation that she's going to respond to this messenger, she's going deeper and deeper into the cuba, into the marriage contract. Now, she's going to be asked a question. We'll get to it. I doubt it tonight, but she's going to be asked a question which is going to further affirm and is going to match what the messenger said. I'll go and just give you a little touch of it. But the messenger says, "Now look, God's blessed me, and this is all worked out. Now, Rebecca had gone maybe to bed. We don't know exactly where she was at, but he's speaking to her brother and her brother, and he said, "Let her go. We're leaving in the morning." And they said, "Now, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. We We don't want you to be in no hurry. We We want her to stay with us for a while, at least 10 days. But now watch the messenger." And the messenger said, "Do not hinder me. Don't you stop me. Don't you delay me. God has blessed me and we need to head out in the morning." Now, she's not there. So they said, "We will call the maid and ask her." Now, Rebecca, what are you going to say? You going to say what your brother said? You going to say what your mama said? Are you going to say what the messenger said? I ask you, you going to say what your best friend said? You going to say what your buddy said, your pal said, your mama said, your grandpa said? If grandpa says something different for the messenger, you better forget grandpa and follow this messenger home. Yes, sir. Well, praise the Lord. So, she then they call her. Now, she didn't hear what the messenger said. She didn't hear it, but she was already working on the unseen faith of Abraham to call those things which were not as though they were. And she was with joy going to leave with this man and marry a man she had never seen before. How could she do that? She had Abraham's face. So, she just believed this man was a kind of man she would love with all of her soul. Just in hearing his name and hearing the messenger describe him and talk about him, he created such a love between them that she said, "I can't wait to marry this man. Oh, I I'm absolutely gone." So now they call her and they said, "Will you go with this man?" And she said, "I will go." Now what? Now she's saying what the messenger said. Well, praise be to God. Now, he didn't have to slip her a note or try to fax her somehow or text her or messenger on Instagram or something like that. He didn't do that because the Instagram had already come from up here in heaven. She had a divine deposit by the angel of God and she was able to speak what that messenger was saying even though her brother said opposite and her mother said opposite. You understand? And that's where a lot of folks make their mistakes. When God goes to dealing with their heart and what do they do? They put it off to next week or they put it off to the youth camp. You might not live to the youth camp. If God is dealing with you tonight, give him your all. Whatever God's pulling on you to do, don't you delay, my brother, sister. Oh, hallelujah. In this there must be an undistracted devotion. So we're not to be distracted like now now with us. She once she's entering into the cuba was a man that she's never met before, she's going to now change her thinking. She's going to merge into the thinking of God's messenger in that day which was Eleazar. So he says certain things out of her presence. If she's really the bride, she's going to answer back the same thing. She ain't going to argue with him and join sides with her mother and her brothers. And you know what? Ain't this just fair? Ain't this fair? I'm a 16-year-old girl. Will you ever bring me back to see my mama again? Will I ever get to see my brother again? There is no scripture any history that I could find that Rebecca ever made one trip back to that homeland again. She's leaving forever. Well, that's the way I left Pentecost. That's the way you left Lucer Methodist Baptist Church of God. Is that right? I I did not leave and and keep my boat my Pentecostal boat tied up down by the river down there somewhere. I did not leave and leave the bridge wide open. I blowed up the bridge. I burned the boat. Hallelujah. Brother Larry, we ain't got no way back. And I don't want to go back because I've already entered into a contract with my husband and he and I are learning one another more and more. And I love him more than I ever did. But he can't love me more and he can't love you more. He don't love you more when you're really good and love you less when you mess up. He loves you the same whether you're up or whether you're down, when you're weary, when you're sick. His love for you does not change. It never has and it never will. So what does he want from me, brother Donnie? Your undistracted devotion. In other words, you love him like you love no one else or anything else. We're in an age when people love things. Things, possessions, wealth, property. Come on, somebody. But God don't want his bride to be this way. Now, we're in this world. We know, but we're not of it. Well, brother Don, is it wrong for me to like my house? No. Is it wrong for us to enjoy our building? No. Do we enjoy it? Yes. Not only us, but many others have been able to enjoy and it's been a blessing to them as well. But God don't want us to put this building, our home, our job, our car, our clothes, or nothing else in front of him. He wants our undistracted devotion. Amen. Amen. So, some of you young brothers that aren't married and you would talk to one of the sisters at our church and you are courting with them and you decide you want to take her out for supper one night. You ask her father it's okay with him. He says, "Sure. Y'all y'all able to go? You know, just be home at a certain time and you know, gives all the rules and the regulations and the restrictions and and all that sort of thing. And the whole time you're sitting there eating, she's sitting there looking at some other boy. Oh my. And said, and she turns to you and says, "I love his eyebrows. His nose is so cute and the shape of his ears. Would you care to go over and ask him what his name is for me?" Now, brothers, unless you really, really like that old girl, you're probably going to tell her to buy her own supper. You're probably going to get up and go to the house. How do you think Jesus feels when we love him so much on Wednesday and Sunday? And then we're peering at this table and looking at that table and looking over here and looking over there all the rest of the week. Preach, Brother Donnie. You see, he doesn't really ask that much for all that it cost him for me. So, if I live next month, I'll be 69 years old. Seemed like a long time to me. But in the big grand scheme of things, what is if I died next month? What is 69 years compared to eternity? I've been preaching 51, 52 years, something like that. You said, "Wow, that's a long time." I tell me about it. But what is that in comparison, brother Ben? To eternity. And it seemed like, oh, we're giving up so much and we're doing this. But when you look at it and weigh it all out, if you live to be 500 years old and you served him every day of your life, it would be so small compared to thousands and millions of years. Even if we was keeping track of it. So what does he want? My undistracted devotion. So he doesn't want me distracted by false teachers or false doctrine. Praise the Lord. Notice here in 2 John 1:7. For many deceivers are entered into the world who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. Notice John don't say has past tense but is present tense. You see they believed that Jesus Christ was what come back on the day of Pentecost not another person. Amen. Praise the Lord. So they believe they received the portion of Jesus Christ on the day of Pentecost and John was right there in the upper room. He got his portion of Jesus. So he said, "Whoever don't believe that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh," notice what he calls them. This is a deceiver and an antichrist. Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. Look to yourselves that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward. Now your John is warning the people then that they would not become distracted already. Remember that white horse rider was riding through the land and doctrines was going everywhere. They were following Paul. They were following Peter and they were going right in behind them because remember the devil is a never he's never the first missionary. He's never the original missionary. But he waits till God's men go in and they establish a work and then the devil comes in behind them. Amen. Well, that's exactly right. But John said, "Look to yourselves that we lose not." So, how could they lose it? By becoming distracted. Oh, yes, friends. We've got to know false prophets. We've got to know false doctrine. But I don't mind telling you right here tonight. I spend much more time studying the truth than I do lies. Oh, yes. I if I hear this been said and that being said and that being said, I want to study it so I can give an answer so I can bring you the correct answer. But I do not spend most of my time studying on false doctrine and studying on this lie and that lie that people are saying. I'm not going to spend the rest of my life trying to disprove the believe the sign people and all that sort of thing because you're not going to disprove them anyway. I and I don't I don't have to have it myself. Do you believe? I don't have to hold a a paper from Louisville, Kentucky. I don't have to this and that and the other. You know what? Rebecca didn't have to have a text. She didn't even have a Bible. But she had the same faith that Abraham had. And she'd never even seen Abraham. I've got the same faith tonight that Abraham had. It's the same faith that John had, Peter had, James had, Paul had, Brother Brandham had. And that's why that I'm going in the rapture and you're going in the rapture because we have one Lord, one faith, one baptism. Exact same faith they had. So we must identify such things but don't let us become so distracted that that's all we think about the false the error the false the wrong. Oh the false the false. Yes the false is always going to be here but don't let it steal your joy from the good that's around us every day. Now notice another thing that the bride must give to the groom. Oh, these things that may sound pretty simple, but it's not really that easy to do unless you've got the love for him in your heart. So, they can't be distracted by worldly things. First John 2:15, love not the cosmos. Now, that word world is cosmos, which means the world order. So, it's not the earth. I love trees. Don't you? I love trees. Rocks. Oh, I love rocks. I know I'm crazy, right? I love rocks. I love streams. I I I I just love nature. My daddy made it. I love it. So, it's not that's not what he's talking about. But he's talking about the order of the day. So if you think this is a fine day to live and this is a great day with all the sin and the debaucher and the filth that's around us there's something wrong with your love life. Now notice how this how severe this is. Love not the world neither the things that are in the world. So the things of the world order. Oh you say brother Donnie I'll tell you one thing. I just wish everybody would become a Republican and they'd all be Christians. Look friend, every Republican ain't a Christian. Every Republican ain't got the Holy Ghost. There's some in this church that ain't. Well, come on now. Said, "Well, if we could just turn America back to being Republican, America is too far gone. America will never be redeemed. It will not be the Republican party that will save this world. There's only one that can save this world, and it ain't Donald Trump. It's not Benjamin Netanyahu. It is the Lord Jesus Christ. He's the only hope that there is left for this world. Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, listen how plain and simple this is. If any man love the world, the love of the father is not in him. Amen. Amen. Quite plain and simple, right? Notice these are things that the bride must be. So Rebecca from this point on is going to act like a married woman. She's no longer no longer a free woman. That's right. So any suitors that was in the neighborhood were all officially put at bay. No more knocking on her door. That's right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now Isaac didn't know it yet, but he was also hitched. Now remember, no communication going on between Eleazar and Isaac. So he's just praying and praying. You remember how what kind of condition he was in, don't you? And whenever they finally found him, he was out in the field meditating. Boy, that's what you better do. You're fixing to get a wife, you better pray and meditate, sis. Same thing for you. He was out there meditating and praying, walking up and down the field. I love that because the very thing he was doing, God sent his bride right in his lap, right in the middle of his meditation. What a way to have your meditation broke up. When here comes your beloved bride, first time you ever seen her in your life, and you look her straight in the eye, and she looks you straight in the eye, instantly you fall madly in love with each other, and you think, "I couldn't done no better if I would have handpicked you myself." Let me tell you this, brother, sister. Those who live this world in the last days in a rapture, it's like the Lord Jesus personally going around the world and knocking on every lack seed's heart and calling them out and separating them and filling them with the Holy Ghost. How's he doing it? Through the revealed word of this hour. And this message will make Christ Jesus so real. We won't need 40 days to find out about him. We don't need six months. This word declares him so much we fall madly in love with him just hearing about him as the preachers preach about it. I know what it's like to fall in love with somebody at first glance. Now, bless her heart, it took her a little while. Of course, I don't blame her with a face like mine, you know. But when I saw that little lady at 16 years old, I just I can't explain it to you. She captured me. Don't you understand that's exactly what you did to him? In the Song of Solomon, he said, "Turn your eyes away from me. For one of your eyes has captured me just thinking of you, you were not even in existence." He could go through all he went through for the joy. Paul says in the book of Hebrews, for the joy that was set before him, just thinking about you, he went to the cross. Just thinking about you, they beat him till he was so weak, he could hardly walk. He hadn't even met you yet. He hadn't even looked you in the face. You didn't have a face. He had never shook your hand. But just his love for you made him so willing for the joy that was set before him. Looking at the cross, despising the shame. Hallelujah. How do we go through what we go through as children of God for the joy that is set before us? One day I will see my Lord. It will be worth everything that you and I go through in this life for five moments in his presence. That's right. Oh, hallelujah. You see, when one soul falls in love, it's hard to describe it. Now, my mom and daddy, I understand as I as I got older, I understood better. My mom and daddy was really worried about me. I mean, I was just 16, you know, and they thought I had flipped out. I know you young people don't know what that even means, do you? They thought I went crazy cuz I talked about her. I wanted to be around her. I loved her. Me and my mama was pretty close. And mama, you know who talked to me now? Donnie, Donnie, you know, the Lord's called you to be something. You ought to be careful. You know, you don't want the devil to lay a trap for you. You really don't know her that well, and you know this and that and the other. I said, "But mama, I think I love her. I love her." You said, "Brother Donnie, I feel that way." Get a queasy feeling around somebody. Sometimes that's what you eat. It's more than queasiness that you want to marry somebody cuz a lot of times Alka-Seltzer can take care of you queasy and if they queasy easy then you don't love them buddy. Now it took her a little while kind of like some of us with Jesus. And on whatever we do finally realize he's the love of my life. Now, Carol's daddy was not a saved man and he was a mean man. And let me tell you right now, this old boy right here was scared to death of him. So me and Carol talked back and forth, back and forth. We talked about marriage and all that. He was sitting on the front porch one day and I walked out. His name is Vernon. I I said, "Vernon, I want to talk to you about something." He's sitting in a rocking chair on the front porch. He looked up at me like that and said, "Yeah." I said, "I love Carol. I want to marry her." Yeah, I figured it. I'll let you, but I'll tell you one thing. If you ever hurt her, I'll kill you. And I believed him. I still ain't hurt her. [Music] I believe, Carol, he sensed the love that we had for each other. I believe that love spoke that he would be willing to give me his daughter. If a man can love a woman like that and a woman love a man back that way and that love can be read by other people. What about the love of God? Hallelujah. Don't you let that lying devil ever try to talk you out of the great display of the love that God has shown to you every day that you've lived on this earth. He loved you when you was lost. He loved you when you were blind. He saved some of you when you should have died back there as a sinner. But he would not let you die unprepared because your name was on that lamb's book of life. And there was not enough devils in hell to take you out of this life until you were filled with the Holy Ghost and built up into the stature of a perfect man or woman of God. You see another thing this bride must do this is in her cubanel she must live and anticipate his coming. Now I find this this scenario here with Isaac and Rebecca being you know it's different than the normal Jewish scenario but to me it is so perfect with what the prophet said when he said the coming of the Lord is a sudden secret going away. So a coming is a going. Now I want you to notice Isaac coming to his bride was also a middle of the equation was his coming could not be fulfilled until she went. So the coming of Isaac was a going of Rebecca. So it was her going. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It was her going to meet her bridegroom. And what did he do? He was down on the south. Now, he was not even staying where Abraham had his little tent. He was down. He had left his home. He might not have even know, you know, what he was even doing down there. How in the world is what I want to know? Because when Eleazer left him some hundreds of miles away and all them days had gone by, when he left him, he was in one part of the country. But whenever he went back, glory to God, what happened? He knew exactly where to take that bride to. And it wasn't the same place that he left from. He his corporal body left the Mount of Olives. But this message and messenger and the resurrection will take us where? Not back to the Mount of Olives, but we will meet him in the middle of the air. Why? He left his home. We leave our home. The coming of the Lord is a sudden secret going away. [Applause] Notice in Matthew 24:42, "Watch therefore, for you know not what hour your Lord doth come." But know this, if the good man of the house had have known and what watch the thief would come, he would not have watch and would not have suffered his house to be broken up. Therefore, be ye also ready. For in such an hour as you think not, notice, not son of God, but the son of man. Not son of God, son of man. Hey, you see the church world is waiting for the coming of the son of man to fulfill these scriptures. But the next time we see him, it will not be so much son of man. It will be son of God fixing to go into the millennium. It's just a three and a half year span after the tribulation period as son of David. But he must be revealed between that time as son of man to usher in the rapture. Therefore be ye also ready. For in such an hour as you think not, the Son of Man cometh. And I'll quote it to you. It just comes to my mind now. Did not put it in the notes, but Luke 21:36. Pray ye therefore always that you may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and stand before the Son of Man. Yes, sir. Remember God called Daniel son of man. Ezekiel son of man. What is son of man? That great visitation of the presence of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Notice now the bride must also be set apart, sanctified. Now by this I don't mean that we go around with a, you know, more righteous than thou type of attitude. And you know, we can't be like the Pharisees were, you know, if they'd go to the market and stuff before they'd ever eat their lunch, they'd come back in home and wash from here up to their elbows. They wouldn't even touch the the woman that touched the hem of Jesus garment by Levitical law. Jesus was unclean. You imagine the lepers that Jesus laid his hands on and healed them by the Levitical law. Them Pharisees would have never done that. Yes, sir. They would have made Jesus unclean. How different the New Testament was. Jesus made the unclean clean. And the unclean didn't make him unclean. Praise be to God. Don't you understand? He took our filths and our filths never made him contaminated. Glory to God. There's a sermon within itself. Our filth did not make him contaminated, but he took our filth and made us clean. And when he got done cleaning, he was still the sinless son of God. He could carry our filth and destroy it. Oh my. We've been reading this in 2 Corinthians 11:2. For I am jealous over you with a godly jealousy, for I have espoused you to one husband that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ. So this is part of the bride's part of the cuba that the bride will be separated unto him. Not a cult now, not a click, not nothing like that, but what he says he wants us to do. 1 Thessalonians 4:3, "For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that ye should abstain from fornication." Listen to this verse for what? How powerful. That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor. that you see the spirit of God living in us will empower us. But Paul is directing these words to the saints of God that you oh my every one of you should know how to possess his vessel. Notice the new birth in your soul does not give the the new birth to the body but from the soul the control tower it wants you to possess this body in sanctification. Do you understand this is what we're doing to this church building? Would any of you stand outside and watch people come in and take a sledgehammer and start knocking holes in the wall or come in here and sit down and start smoking marijuana or cussing or lying or committing adultery or drinking? I imagine some of our sisters that are as meek and gentle as they could be, they'd pick up a song or pick up a chair and go to knocking heads around. You ain't smoking in our church. That's the house of God. Why? Well, this it belongs to us and his presence. This is where we meet at. So, we want to possess this place in sanctification, do we not? Well, if we want to do this building this way, what about this building right here? We want to possess our house in purity and sanctification. This is our part of the cuba. Amen. That's right. Oh my. 1 Thessalonians 4:5, not in the lust of concupisence, even as the Gentiles which know not God. Let let me hurry. Now, this is something that would happen right before it would happen multiple times, but this is one of the last things that would take place before the bride would put on the wedding garment. She was purified by washing. Purified by washing. So she's waiting in the house waiting for the shout to come. Then a messenger comes, a friend of the bridegroom, and makes it known, brings the gown, the wedding dress to the bride. she at least has an idea that she's living in the day of the coming of her Lord. Now, notice Jesus said that that you'll not know the hour nor the day. We're talking about a 24-hour cycle. But remember, the word day is also used as an accumulation of days. So, it's a a span of time. We don't know what day the rapture is. We don't know will it be 10:00, 11:00? We don't know. Exactly. But we have an idea that we are living in that day. Amen. That's right. Which can span several days, several months, several weeks, and even several years. Why? God has sent his friend with the bride's clothes. Yes, sir. Now, as the bride would hear this, then the bride would enter into the mikvah. Mikva. They didn't have showers. They didn't have fiberglass tubs the way we do, but they would dig a hole in the ground and use masonary and have a spot where they could pour water into it. And they would go down into the mikvah. Remember, they had no air conditioner, so it's very hot, sweaty. You would not want your bridegroom to come into you when you were filthy and dirty and sweaty. Amen. So, she would step down in the mikvah. Notice in 1 Corinthians 6:10. Now this happens to us initially of course also but we have one soul changing baths but we have many flesh baings thereafter. Amen. Remember what Jesus said whenever he talked about washing their feet and Peter said you'll never wash my feet. He said if I don't wash you you have no part with me. So Jesus was likening the new births and disciplehip to the way they would have cleaned up their bodies. So they didn't have personal bathrooms. Okay? They had bath houses. So they would go to, you know, the Romans were very famous for the bathous. I've seen many of them in architecture and stuff in different parts of the world where I've been. So they would go to the public bath house and they would take a bath. Then they would get their shoes of course and everything and they would get dressed and go back to their house. But they didn't have concrete driveways. They did not have asphalt roads. So it was dust. So on their way after they got born again. I I mean I mean I mean washed. They're going back on their daily activities and they look down on their feet and there's dust between their toes. And then they could pull the robes up and see there's dust on the lower part of their legs. So what would they do then? They would have a little pan of water when they would come to the very entrance of their house that would set over to the side. They would come in, kick their sandals off, and they would wash their feet before they would go into the house so they wouldn't track that worldly dust. That's right. Hallelujah. Notice Paul in 1 Corinthians 6:10 that he's talking about those that won't be partakers of the kingdom of God. Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners shall inherit the kingdom of God. And such were some of you. That's right. But now notice he's showing them they were that, but they're not now. Why? They've had a mikvah. He says, "And such were some of you, but ye are washed. But ye are sanctified." Look at the meaning of this word. Hallow, be holy, to separate from profane things, and dedicate to God, to consecrate, to purify. Amen. Yes, sir. But ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus and by the spirit of our God. So the bride must have a mikvah of the soul. And then she'll go to church on Wednesday and get another one. And she'll go to church on Sunday and get another. Who knows? She might have a bad day on Monday and she might have, you know, she might have just said some things she shouldn't have said. I didn't realize how many people in our church here that was temper till I preached that on Sunday. Lord have mercy. My phone like to have blowed up. I could not believe all the different people, not only here at the local assembly, but people all over everywhere. I thought, "Oh, Jesus, you're right on time. Praise the Lord." So, what do we need every now and then? We need another mitvah. Aren't you glad that we can come to the house of God and be washed by the water of the word? Don't you understand? But brother D, it makes me feel so bad. Don't you understand? You wouldn't let me bathe you if you fell clean from top of your head to the bottom of your feet. But the word helps you to realize your faults and then you'll stand still long enough for me to scrub the dirt off of you. Oh, hallelujah. But if you think you're like Angel White and you're standing there glistening in the sun, then you think you don't need no washing. But the word will say you're wrong there and you're wrong there and you're wrong there. And you feel like you got a big spot there and another one here and another one there and another one there. And you'll stand still while I take that old scrub pad and scrub and scrub a dub. And you say, "Wash me, Jesus. Wash me, Jesus." Amen. Can't you understand why preachers sometimes must preach against things that the people of God get attached to in their lives? Call me foolish if you wish to. To me, one of the final things that'll happen before the bride gets ready to leave this world is the final washing. the final washing all over the earth. The minister will be preaching, washing, lay aside, purge yourself, cleanse yourself from that person, this person, that thing, this thing. If it's hindering you, you imagine almighty God will do it over the scope of the world and probably 24 hours or less. Men of God will be anointed like everything that people think, what in the world is going on. Lord have mercy. What a hard sermon. They don't realize they're getting their last bath. They're getting their last bath washed away from selfishness and idolatry and this and that. And don't you see, bride? We must not be sweaty. We must not be dirty with the things of life. So God sends the water, the washing of the word and it just washes the bride all over the world. The ministry will be washing the bride. Maybe it'll be the last Sunday before the rapture. And on Monday morning, what a great day to have the rapture Monday, right? Oh my. The bride gathers together on Sunday and the preachers are landing out. Boy, they leave feeling so bad. I can't believe I had to preach hard. Oh my goodness, Lord. I ain't never preaching again. And Jesus said, "Amen. Amen. You ain't preaching again, bud. You just produce the last bath they'll ever need. Hallelujah. You obeyed me. They laid this aside. Some of them had bitterness. Some of them had this and that and the other. They was able to lay it aside. Now they have took their last mikvah. Thank you, Lord. Then in the morning between 7 and 9. I'm not sure if it's New Zealand time, Australian time, or Tennessee time. I don't care. I ain't worried about watching my watch. I'm worried about watching my soul. Amen. Let me close. So when they felt they were getting close, the bride would go through the ritual, and I'm reading this to you from history, of immersion called a mikvah. It signified the passing of the old and the coming forth of the new. Now, not only is there mitvas in the washing of the water of the word, but there's also a mikvah and a refilling of the Holy Ghost. The dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost. The prophet says while she's worked in part, while the headstones been been descending, she'll be washed and the dynamics will fill her so full her body will no longer be able to stay mortal. It was the last washing she'll ever need. And the next morning she'll be gone. Thank you Lord. Happy day. Happy day. Oh happy day. Oh hallelujah. What is it? A signifying of the old passing away. The old order of time. my last washing of the spiritual mikvah. My provision from the bridegroom of the revealed word of this hour will bring me to my final height. And I'll hear my last sermon one day and preach my last one one day and it will signify a changing of my clothes. by close of mortality. Maybe you're getting tired of this message. It's more dear to me now than it's ever been. Listen. You see, when we accept the Lord Jesus as our savior, we start on quite a journey. We're learning more about him. We're surrendering this, giving up that, becoming more and more and more of what he wants. and we think we love him so much we could never love him more. But of course, we all found out that wasn't right. He started taking the idols out of our lives, cleansing us, separating us. I'm I'm so glad that I can still be washed. Aren't you? You realize a lot of people in the message have arrived to where they feel like they don't need anything anymore. They've not really arrived in the message. They're a Leodysian. Amen. That's the spirit of Leodosia. We are rich and increased with goods and we have need of nothing. So you ain't telling me nothing. You can't tell me nothing. Well, I've still got a teachable spirit myself. My Holy Ghost can still be taught and I want to be washed. I come here tonight, brother Jackie, to be washed if I've got something I need to get rid of or anybody else here with me. Amen. So all the gods and the idols, we get them out of our life and stay faithful unto him until the final ceremony. Now the groom and the father of the groom come to this agreement for the moar. M O H A R Mohar, the bride price. But we ain't going that way tonight. I just wanted to give you just enough to make you, oh man. But I'll tell you right now, the price was so high, which increases your value. to give a city of gold for you, streets of gold, walls of jasper. That'd be a great price. But to give himself for you, he who knew no sin became sin that we might become the righteousness of God in him. Hallelujah. Don't you love him with all your heart? Aren't you glad we can still go to church and get a bath? How many knows you need it from time to time? Yeah, we sure do. Let's just bow our heads if you would. Oh blessed Lord, once again we have been so honored to pull our feet up under your table. We feel like that we have been able to eat with royalty tonight. We've been given food that has been reserved for this last day. part Luther, part Paul, part Peter, part James, part John, part Wesley, part Pentecost. And it brought to a culmination that your prophet said, "All seven seals are open and the word is ready for those who can receive it." And you said that you're serving to us a seven course meal. Thank God. We love it, Lord. We know sometimes there's some bitter things in it. There's some tough things in it. But Lord, help us to eat it. I pray that we at this church never get to a spot to where we feel so self-righteous that we feel like we cannot move up closer. Lord, I gave you my heart when I was just a boy and I gave you my teens cuz I got saved when I was 12. So, I gave all my teens to you. All my 20s, all my 30s, all my 40s, all my 50s. If I live a couple more years, all my 60s. And if I'm in the 70s, I want to give you all that, too. But I hope I never get to a spot, and I've met people all around the world in the message who've got to that spot to where they feel like they really can't be helped cuz they think they know so much about you. May we never get to that spot, Lord. I pray, Father, may we always have a teachable spirit. May we have a washable attitude, Lord. If you see anything in me tonight that displeases you, Lord, wash me. Oh Jesus, may you move on every heart, every man, woman, boy, and girl, visible audience and invisible as well. Lord Jesus, no doubt there be many washings. And between now and the last one, while we are waiting for our bridegroom and father, we're opened here tonight. As your prophet said, this is why we go to church is to find our faults. And people who get angry and get all upset because the preacher preaches on smoking or drinking or whatever it is they're doing, they don't realize God's doing that so they can be loosed from that and be washed from it. That's the only way we can know that we're wrong. And then once we see it, then what do we do? We ask you to wash us and cleanse us. Oh, I've taken many mikvas since I've been a Christian. And if I live very much longer, no doubt I'll have to take another and another and another. But one day, I'll take my last one. I'll hear my last sermon. I'll correct the last issue in my life. Whatever it'll be, it'll be corrected. And all over the world, not only won't I be doing it, but people all over the world will be arriving. And it'll be such a supernatural element, the devil won't recognize what's going on. It'll catch him by surprise because all of that is part of the seventh seal. Because the seventh seal is the coming of the Lord. So what greater thing could be a part of that manifestation of a corporal coming is for you to pre-advent your body by sending your mind, your thoughts, and anointing your men. Hallelujah. And they're preaching things that they don't even understand why. And they wish they didn't have to. But the bride around the world will be washed for her last time. Oh Jesus, we love you tonight. Father, we worship you, Lord. We bless your name, Lord Jesus. How many with your heads bowed? Would you just raise your hand? Say, "Lord, wash me tonight." Would you just just wash me again? any attitude you see about me, Lord, in any anything I've got against anybody or anything I'm doing in my life, Lord, just show me. Show me, Lord. Wash me. Cleanse me. Praise God. We worship you tonight, Lord Jesus. Would you mind laying your hand over on the person standing by? Let's just offer a word of prayer. Brother Brad Gilbert text me before church and asked if we'd remember him tonight in prayer. Also, let's just pray for him as well. Now, keep in mind, you have no idea what that person standing beside you has got on their heart. Maybe they think they can't make it another day. Maybe they've really messed up bad this week and they feel like God's done with them. But I want you to pray for him with all of your heart now. Lord Jesus, as we have our hands one upon the other tonight, Lord, oh Lord God, I pray that you'd move in our assembly this night, Lord God, if you find any of us with any speck of unbelief towards your word, toward a promise of this age, help us, Lord. Lord, every minister, Father, our assembly, help us, dear God, anoint us to speak the words of life. Oh Jesus, we're out here on the world and many of these people have to deal with people of the world. And Carol was talking about the other night to said, you know, we're so blessed in one way cuz we don't have to deal with all the stuff that our sheep do. They have to work with people that cuss and lie and men that want to be women. Women that want to be men office filth and debauchery ever was in the world. We don't have to deal with all that. But Lord God, you know, and sometimes your children probably come in at the end of the day and they feel so filthy by the words they've heard said on their job, by the music that they've heard. We can't even go to Walmart. We can't even go to Lowe's or some place like that without rock and roll and all that mess of the devil blaring out. Lord, Lord, it's like the bread, the bride being dressed in this beautiful white garment and there's smoke and pitch and filth all around us everywhere and things are sticking with its arms out just to touch us and just to rub their filth all over us. Oh Lord God, wash us tonight. Jesus, help us, Father. Oh, we worship you tonight, Lord. May we have a miga right here before we leave this place tonight, Lord God. Oh Jesus, wash our minds. Wash our minds of the filth, Lord God. Wash our thoughts, Lord. Even Christians can have bad dreams and filthy dreams. and torments them once they wake up and they feel like they've done something horribly wrong. It's because Satan still has access with that darkness to our subconscious. Wash us tonight, Jesus. If we've got hurt feelings and hard feelings toward a brother or sister, wash us, Lord. I love the way the prophet said it. If we've got any darkness hanging on our lives, may we be washed, Lord. May we be loosed from it tonight, Father. May the mikvah of the spirit of God wash us and we will be clean. Search us tonight, oh God, and know our hearts. Search our spirits. Search every aspect of our lives, our homes. Grant it, Lord Jesus. We worship you tonight, Father, with all of our hearts. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We praise you, Lord. And fathers, we've seen it over and over again when we baptize people in water. It's amazing. I love to look at their face when I bring them up out of the water. A smile, laughing, crying, whatever it is. It does something to them. It's hard to explain it. I've baptized hundreds of them over the world. And when they come up out of the water, it's amazing. Whether it's an old muddy river or a clear water out of a baptistry, but it's something about that countenance. Lord Jesus, may it be that way for us tonight, a mitvah that we can be washed of anything that displeases you, Lord. Not only that, but oh God, how we need a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost. We can become so weary in this life, Lord, with all the things that are around us, the burdens, the troubles. We've got loved ones, Lord, that aren't ready. Lord, if the rapture were to come in the morning, we've got loved ones without the Holy Ghost. It weighs on us. Jesus, have mercy. Lord, we pray. Have mercy on our family members. God, we've got family, friends that are backslid, Lord, that are away from you, out of fellowship. Have mercy. Have mercy, God. Oh Jesus, we love you. We worship you tonight, oh father. We magnify your holy name. Can we just raise our hands now in the presence of the king? Praise God. Praise God. This is why the prophet would say things like this after he would preach a hard sermon. And he said, 'Don't you just feel all clean and all scoured out was the word that he used. Scoured out. Well, you know that was you. They had a what they called a scouring pad and it was kind of bristled like steel wool and you'd kind of have to take some rub rub it and rub it in order to get that out. But it cleaned all the spots and the rust and whatever more. May the spirit of God come by this way tonight and just scour our attitudes and scour our spirit. Praise God. Praise God. That we won't just be sanctified on the outside, but we'll be sanctified in our spirits. We'll know how to control our tongue and control our temper. And the church said, "Control everything about us." and we would know how to possess our vessel in sanctification. You see, brothers, that's what God wants it to be. But that smartphone that you've got, which come off the tree of knowledge of good and evil, that your wife don't have to be standing over your shoulder to keep you from going to websites you couldn't go to. Cuz you can do the same thing by yourself if I was standing there by you or the angel of the Lord was standing there by you because you possess your vessel yourself. Your wife don't possess it. Your pastor don't possess it. But you've learned how to possess your own vessel in sanctification. So you tell your flesh, you don't go there. You don't do this. You don't do that. I possess you. You obey me flesh. I don't obey you. Praise be to God. Oh, we worship you, Lord Jesus. Sing something for us, Justin. Can we just worship him a little? Look at this scripture again. 1 Corinthians 6:11. and such were some of you. But ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus and by the spirit of our God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just worship him just a little before we go. If you got you got to go, that's fine. We understand you. You got jobs and this and that and the other. But for those of you that can can stay for just a few minutes, let's just turn now. I believe he's come by and give us a good bath. We're not all sweaty and sticky and and all that. What What do you say we we feel washed and we feel clean? Let's just reach and grab a hold of him and pull him over real close to us. I've been over here today working outside. So, I planted some new grass over there and I planted three new hydrangeas over here and another grass right outside my door and two more over there. And I've been killing weeds and time I got done. Woo! You talking about ripe? Woo! I was ripe. 80some degrees and my metabolism is wide open and I sweat like a horse on thoroughb bread day. I'll tell you what, my wife would not have wanted me to come home and said, "Come here, baby. Lay one on me." I know what she'd have said. Go take a shower. Well, Jesus says, "Give us a bath." Now, we can say, "Lord Jesus, I'm washed. Come into my arms. Let me kiss the son lest he be angry. Let me tell you how much I love you. Remember Jesus, the prophet said that Jesus whispers secrets to the bride. Did anybody know what I said? You see, that's the thing about whispering. You've got to be really close. So Jesus wants to get us close. He just don't want our attitude stinking. He don't want things of the world on us causing us to smell up. And I I just don't understand at the end of the service and everybody's all clean and you just got a good bath and people want to leave as soon as I say amen. You just got cleaned up or he can just talk to you. Now let's worship him, shall we? Sing just my desire to live for Jesus. Yes, Lord. It's my It's my desire. Hallelujah. to be like him. Like him. Though often I will have failed and bring him shame. It's my desire to live for him. Everybody now with all your heart. If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. And you would know the reason why I love him. So [Laughter] now you can take this world's wealth and riches. I don't need earth's fame. It's my desire to live for him. It's my desire to help someone today. Someone who may have failed to see the way. I too once was lost but I found my way to God. It's my desire [Music] to live for him. Oh, if you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. You would know the reason why I love him. So now you can take this world's wealth and riches. Oh, I don't need her fame for it's my desire to live for him. And oh, if you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. And you would know the reason why I love him. So now you can take this world's wealth and riches. I don't need her fame. It's my desire to live for him. It's my desire [Applause] to live for Jesus. [Music] It's my desire to be like him. [Music] offer I feel him and bring him shame is my desire to live for you. If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I [Music] s you can take This world's well riches. I don't need earth for it's my desire to live for him. know if you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. And you know you're the reason why I love him. So now you can take this world's wealth and riches. I don't need her fame for it's my desire. higher to live for him. [Music] He left the splender of heaven, [Music] knowing his death was a lonely hill of Gtha there to lay down his life for me. If that isn't love, think about what he done for you. The ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky. [Music] And the sparrow can't fly if that is alone. Oh, then heavens a [Music] and there's no feeling like this. If that isn't love, [Music] even in death, he remembers [Music] the thief hanging by his side. And he spoke with love and compassion. Then he took him. Oh, hallelujah. To paradise. Everybody sing it together now. If thy is. Oh yes, my home. When the ocean is dry, there's no stars in the sky. And the sparrow can fly. If that is Oh, then heavens are my There's no feeling like this. If that isn't love, oh, if that isn't enough, then the ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky. And the sparrow can fly. If that is enough, then heavens are there's no feeling like this. gift that isn't. [Music] Thank you Lord Jesus. Amazing [Music] grace, [Music] how sweet the sound that save [Music] like you and me. were like you and me. I once was lost, but now, oh, glory to God, I'm found. I was blind, but now aren't you glad you can see [Music] [Laughter] when we been and [Applause] 10,000 years bright [Music] as the sun. Oh, the sun. We've lost days to sing our God's praise. And we we first began. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Oh, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. When the battle's over, God bless you s we wear a crown. We'll wear a crown. We'll wear a crown and shining ground. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music]
