################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-11 - Godliness Pt.14 - 1112026 - Godliness.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-11
Title:    Godliness Pt.14 - 1/11/2026
Speaker:  Godliness
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3g5oWppazlc
========================================

Description:
1/11/26
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. For you wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you washed in the blood in the soul pitching blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you fully trusting in his grace this hour? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Say it now. Oh, are you washed? Oh, are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed? Aren't you glad you are today? Amen. Oh, are you wash in the blood? In the soul fainting blood of the lamb. Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you glad you are today? Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Amen. Well, what a privilege it is once again to be able to come to the house of the Lord. You glad to be here this morning. &gt;&gt; Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to see each and every one of you. So glad that God has let us have the privilege to come to his house one more time. &gt;&gt; Amen. What a privilege it is. We had we had a time here Wednesday night, didn't we? How many of you appreciate the word of the Lord? Wasn't it wonderful? Amen. We're just so glad for what God's doing. Amen. Praise the Lord. We have any visitors with us today? We want to welcome you. Glad to have you here. trust this service will bless you and uh all of our streamers locally and around the world. We want to welcome them to this service. Pray that this service would be a great blessing to those folks as well. Could we give all those folks a good hand this morning if you will? Amen. We're going to look at her prayer request this morning. I got several things we need to let you know about. I want to remember Sister Janet Payne and her family with the loss of her son. I think the service will be later on today. So certainly want to pray that the Lord would just be with them during this season of their life that God would just comfort their hearts. Sister Bonnie Potter says to please pray for Leah Anderson and Cila. They're both homesick today. Need a touch from the Lord. Brother Carter Lawson wants us to remember his great niece in prayer. Has a cyst on the outside of her skull. Also pray for salvation. So let's remember that need today as we pray. Sister Barbara Grley called to request prayer for brother Bert. Uh had a death in the family. Brother Bert's brother-in-law passed away service today. Also, he's got a eye condition. Want us to remember him. Sister Barbara suffered cold symptoms. So, let's remember those folks as we pray that God would touch them. Uh please continue to pray for the son of Jessica Bracken. His name is Nick. She is very concerned about the physical and spiritual well-being. She is believing for a miracle that God will deliver him from all of Satan's snares. So, we want to remember that prayer request today. Brother Glenn Tamlinson sends us in. I'm asking for prayer for my upcoming chemo treatment this coming Wednesday. The doctor starting him on a new chemo as he's been allergic to what they've been giving him. Pray that it would be effective and he'll the treatment will would do its job. So, we want to remember uh brother Glenn Tamlinson in prayer as we pray. Sister Brenda Jones wants us to thank wants to thank everyone for their prayers concerning her mother, Veronica Keith. She is currently recovering from surgery for the removal of a tumor. Also needs continued prayer that she will regain strength and mobility on her right side. Thank you so much for your prayer. So, let's remember that as we pray today. Please pray for Christy Herring for healing from cancer. The Lord knows all about those needs. We'll just commit it unto the Lord. Sister Martha Sacker says to please pray for Reva Jones. She's in the hospital recovering from a mild heart attack. So, we want remember that prayer request. Sister Brandy Anthony sends us in. Church family, please pray for my sister April Weisner having some severe problems. Just asking the Lord to give her a healing touch. So, we want to remember that as we pray today. Then we've got some announcements, funeral arrangements and things that we want to let you know about. The family of brother Lynn Duggar will be receiving friends on Wednesday, January the 14th from 1 until 2:00 p.m. at the Memorial Funeral Home in Elizabethan. A graveside service will be held at 2:30 at the Rittertown Baptist Church Cemetery in Hampton, Tennessee. So remember that. That's this coming Wednesday from 1 until 2:00 at Memorial Funeral Chapel over in Elizabeth and then the graveside service at 2:30. So remember that. Many of you might remember Sister Yuvon McKenna. I know you a lot of you remember brother Doug McKenna that used to attend church at Happy Valley that passed away several years ago. Anyway, Sister Yuvon McKenna passed away. That's brother Brian McKenny's mother. We want to remember those those folks as we pray. Service at Memorial on Monday. The visitation will be at 12. Service at 1:00. So, if you could make that, I'm sure they'd appreciate it. And then, Sister Wendy Asher's grandmother passed away. Graveside service tomorrow at Montve Vesta Cemetery at 2:00. Also, her great aunt passed away. That service will be on Tuesday night at Memorial in Elizabeth. So remember those those services and if you could be there to give them support I know they would certainly appreciate it. So we just want to take all these needs to the Lord. Ask God to intervene in his only only way he can. It's divine. Every how he works. It'll be good, won't it? You have an unspoken prayer request today you like for this assembly to pray about. Could we stand together? Let's sing just a little bit more of that song today. I'm so glad that we've been washed by the blood. Aren't you glad about it this morning? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Oh, are you washed in the blood in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? We'll get it right this time. Oh, are you washed in the blood? In the soul fizzy blood of the lamb are your garments spotless are they white as snow are you washed in the blood of the lamb. Amen. and brother John for you come this morning take us to the Lord in prayer on behalf of all these deeds you love this Amen you love the Lord &gt;&gt; Amen anything we have need of anything we have need of and and a lot of things we just want he's that kind of God too right gives us all we need and then he spoils us a little bit too Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we certainly love you, Lord. There's no way we could express with mortal tongue, Lord Jesus, how much we love you, how much we care, Lord. And it's not because we don't have the vocabulary, Lord. Even though that's part of it, but Lord, it's it's because of the expression that we have, Lord. It goes so deep and so far, Lord. We just thank you so much for all you've done. Lord, we we see your mercy and your grace surround us, Lord. It envelops us, Lord Jesus. As Christians, we have so much to thank you for and to look forward to and to live in in the in the very moment, Lord Jesus. And and your promises of peace and joy and love and all those things, Lord, and comfort in times of need, Lord. All those things, healing, all these things that are that that are represented in my hand, Lord Jesus, with these prayer requests, Father, you're mindful of. And we thank you so much for it, Lord. and we bring them before your throne boldly, Father, as children, we're able to come right up to your throne and say, "Lord, we have needs in our lives and we can lay them down at your feet and you won't just brush us off, Lord, but because they're important to us, they're important to you, Father. So, we give them to you, Lord. And we ask you that you would have your will, your way in these things, Father. And we bind every demon that would interfere with us today, Lord. every every illness, every thought, every attitude, everything, Lord Jesus, that would hinder us from getting closer to you, Father God. We bind it in the name of Jesus Christ. It has no right to enter these gates with your children. Father, we we call on your name and believe, Father, that you're here to deliver, to heal, to to correct. Father, we love you. We thank you for it, Lord Jesus. We invite you in Lord not only into the the preaching but also of the worship and the singing in each and every part of the service. I pray you would just anoint. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering you give us unto the Lord. Once again, if you're visiting, God bless you. We're so glad to have you here this morning. Let's sing an old song. I believe our redemption is getting closer every day we live. Don't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing it. Redemption draweth nigh. I believe we got a correction on that service for Sister Yuvon McKini. That service is at Tuesday on Tuesday at Memorial Visitation from 12 until 1. So remember that's Tuesday instead of tomorrow. So remember that. It's for Sister Yvon McKenna. Years of time have come and gone since I first heard it told. How King Jesus would come again someday. If back then it seems so real, then I just can't help but feel how much closer is coming is today. I know that signs of the time, they're everywhere. There's a brand. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, keep your eyes upon the Easter sky. Lift up your head. Redemption draweth n. There's war and strife on every right and violence fills our land. Yes, it does. &gt;&gt; Still some people down. He never come again. I like this part right here. But I know the word or my God is true. He will redeem your chosen few. Don't lose hope. Soon Christ Jesus will desend. Oh, I know that signs of the time they're everywhere. There's a prayer for you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, so keep your eyes upon the Easter sky. Lift up your head. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. redemption. Oh, let's sing that second verse one more time if you will, brother Harry. There's war and strife on hand and violence our land. &gt;&gt; Still some people he never praise the Lord again. Amen. &gt;&gt; But I know the word of my God is true. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He will redeem his chosen few. Don't lose hope for soon. Christ glory will be I know that shines of the time there's a brand new feeling in the So keep your eyes upon the Easter sky. Lift up your head. Redemption drawers. Lift of your hand. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord. Redemption draw. &gt;&gt; Yes, it draw. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Aaron, if you want to come on to the platform to get ready to sing. Let's do a little bit of that song, Rising Up. I'm glad we're part of a a move that's rising up. &gt;&gt; We're not going under, we're going over. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord one more good hand clap of praise this morning if you love him. &gt;&gt; Start with &gt;&gt; Sorry, you got the wrong chord. Hey, &gt;&gt; where do you want to start? I'm sorry, I missed that. &gt;&gt; Start with the verse. &gt;&gt; Oh, as I look out across the land, I see God's mighty hand. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. The bride of Christ adorned in her wedding gown. Just like in the days of old. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; They stood in courage b. They turned that old world upside down. We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up, Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up, &gt;&gt; Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. Oh, we're rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. Yes. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. Oh, we're a New Testament church. We're rising up. Now, the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Signs and wonders were done by the apostles hand. &gt;&gt; Yes, they were. &gt;&gt; Demon spirits were cast out. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. in a jail and sing shout while surrounded by God's holy angel band. Well, if you think it's all long gone, oh yes, &gt;&gt; all God's miracles are done. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, &gt;&gt; I have some good news to bring to you. In his last days, he'll pour of his spirit more and more like a mighty strength here in &gt;&gt; Sing that one more time, Brother Harry. If you think it's all long gone, &gt;&gt; well, if you think it's all long gone, &gt;&gt; thank you, Lord. All the miracles are done. I have some good news to bring to you. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; In this last days, he'll pour his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength he'll renew. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; We're rising up. Rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up, Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. I wish you'd help me say it. We're rising up. We're rising up, Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up one more time. We're rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up, Lord. We're the New Testament church. Rising up. We're rising up. We're rising up. Rising up, &gt;&gt; Lord. We're a New Testament church. Rising up. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." You can be seated this morning. Give Brother Aaron a nice hand as he sings today. This is an old song. If you if you know it, you can sing it with me this morning. Amen. So many things going on, maybe sicknesses, loss of loved one, different things in our life, but there's a a line in this song for everyone to say that we've been blessed this morning. No matter what you're going through, when he walks among us, all that he does, all of his mercy and all of his love. If the pin of the rider can ride every day, even this world, it can never contain how much I have been blessed for warmth in the winter and flowers and Bring laughter of summer and the changing of leaves for food on my table. A good place to sleep and clothes on my back and shoes on my feet. I have been blessed. Arms that will raise and a voice that can talk. Hands that can touch and legs that can walk. Ears that can listen and eyes that can see. I've got to praise him as long as I breathe. I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Preious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So good. I have been blessed. The mother and father who nurtured and raised. Sisters and brothers the memories made our pastor to lead us. This altar to pray. stripes that can heal and a blood that can save. I have been blessed. He's my shoulder to lean on. And when I am down, the rock where he leads me. when I'm so overwhelmed. He's a place where he hides me under his wings. He's not just a song. Oh, he's the reason I sing. Sing it with me this morning. I have been blessed. God so good to me. Preious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. I have been blessed. Sing it one more time this morning. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Preious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. He's so good. I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Preious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. He's so good. I have been blessed. Oh my God has been good. He's so good. I have been blessed. Glad you've been blessed. &gt;&gt; You know, blessed is not always on a mountaintop. I was reading this morning before church Jeremiah 33:1. And the Lord said, "More the word of the Lord came unto Jeremiah the second time while he was shut up in the court of the prison." And the second verse says, "Thus sayith the Lord, the maker thereof, and the Lord that formed it to establish it, the Lord is his name. Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and show thee great and mighty things which thou knowest not." It probably didn't look like great and mighty things which thou knowest not sitting in a prison, but God is still God. I didn't really get to practice to be honest with you. Mother Louis asked me to have a song ready and I forgot we were supposed to keep a three-year-old for three days and three nights. So, I didn't get to practice to be honest. Hopefully, I'm glad I'm glad the Lord loves me. Aren't you glad you love him back? Who am I that the Lord of all the earth would care to know my name? would care to feel my heart. Who am I that the bright and morning star will choose to light the way for my ever wondering heart. Not because of who I am, but because of what you've done. Not because of what I've done, but because of who you are. I am a flower quickly fading. Here today, gone tomorrow. A wave tossed in the ocean. A vapor in the wind. Still you hear me when I'm calling. Lord, you catch me when I'm falling and told me who I am. I am yours. Who am I that the eyes that see my sin would look on me with love and watch me rise again? Thank you, Lord. Who am I? That the voice that calmed the sea would call out through the rain and calm the storm in me. Not because of who I am, but because of what you've done. Not because of what I've done, but because of who you are. I am a flower quickly fading. Here today, gone tomorrow. A wave tossed in the ocean. The vapor and the wind. Still you hear me when I'm calling. Lord, you catch me when I falling. Told me who I am. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. I am yours. Maybe you should keep that three-year-old more often. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Isn't it so wonderful to be a Christian? &gt;&gt; To be saved, to know the Lord Jesus, and to know that as wonderful as it is now to be a Christian serving him, our minds cannot comprehend what he has laid up for those that love him. It's a it's a great privilege for us to be the people of God. Um, brother Tim Bdette wanted me to be sure and thank everyone for praying for his wife and uh, they did a stent and it was in the main artery vein, whatever it's called, the wood maker is what they call it. It was blocked 100%. And it was the mercy of the Lord definitely that her sister was there in the hospital. Brother Daryl had shared it with him and he said if she hadn't been at the hospital the story would have been totally different today. But God in his grace, he knows what he's doing, don't it? &gt;&gt; Yes, he does. &gt;&gt; So, brother Tim, we're just so thankful for the prayers everybody. We believe prayer works, don't it? &gt;&gt; It sure does. And we're so grateful for that. So, he just wanted me to to thank you from them. Let's read together if you would today in the ma book of Matthew chapter 10 verse 13. Just wonderful to feel his presence this way this morning. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Matthew chapter 10 verse 13. And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it. Now remember the setting is Jesus is sending the disciples out two by two to preach. So this is their first missionary trip and he's giving them instructions on what to do, what to expect, how to react. If the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it. But if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you. Can you believe that preachers even without the Holy Ghost have such a position with God? Anybody believe that? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Now, these are the words of Jesus. Now, I'm not a theologian. &gt;&gt; So, if the house be worthy, so when you're going out preaching and you go in, you enter into these places, and if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it. So a preacher, a man of God, a minister would be able to leave peace on a household. &gt;&gt; But if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you. And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when you depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet. For verily I say unto you, it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of judgment than for that city. Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves. Be you therefore wise as serpents and harmless &gt;&gt; as staffs. and we'd like to be remembered today as we pray. Heavenly Father, they must have been astounded when they heard you say these words. No doubt they believed you could do that. but for them to accept the fact that they could do this. I pray Lord that we today would be benefited by our gathering together here Lord. That we would be able to see more of our position in this age and this time of great darkness that's upon the face of the earth. But yet, Lord God, if you're the same one that's sending forth ministers, and we believe that you are, then we believe your grace and your mercy goes with them. And not only preachers, but with every child of God. You saw the hands up lifted today. You know the desire, the request. Father, this prayer calls that I have on my hand I'll preach with today. Lord, you see this need of this sister, dear God, this individual with this cancer and what's going on for them, Lord. And may the spirit of God go with this even over to North Carolina. Dear God, would you move? We pray. Father, I pray for Brother Nikki there in South Africa. Lord, you see this wildfire that moved through their home, their farm, all that that went on this this past few days. I pray, Lord Jesus, that you would help them. It was a tremendous loss for them. Dear God, would you move for them? Many that are sick, afflicted among us, but we believe, Father, your power is greater than the power of the enemy. &gt;&gt; Speak to us today, we ask in the name of the Lord Jesus. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. So to be godly, of course we know means to be like God. Who would have ever thought God in flesh would have told his disciples something like this? Verse 16. And we'll read it again. Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves. Be ye therefore wise as serpents. Wise as serpents. So from the very beginning in the book of Genesis chapter 3, we see that the serpent was the most subtle of all the beasts of the field which the Lord God had made. We see that he answers back even plumb to the end of the New Testament in the book of Revelation that old serpent, the dragon, the devil. Why in the world would the Lord want us to have anything that would even closely resemble the serpent? But yet, we can see that trail as it goes down through the Bible. Why would God ever give to Moses a commandment, a word, to make a brass serpent and put it on a pole? And everyone that would look at that serpent would be healed and they'd live. the very thing that had a representation of evil from many many years prior to that in the book of Genesis. And yet God would have him to make something in that form. So when the mighty man Moses goes in before Pharaoh and God tells him cast down your rod and it won't become a cross, &gt;&gt; it won't become a piece of bread, &gt;&gt; but it will become what? &gt;&gt; Serpent. &gt;&gt; Serpent. So here comes Janice and Jambers and they throw their rods down and their rod becomes a serpent too. And what does Moses rod do? Serpent. It goes over and swallows both of them up. Brother Rem said, "Did you ever wonder where that those that serpent was? It was in Moses rod. He was carrying it around and he done miracles with it. And yet this symbolism of that serpent, he would go around and whenever he would have this their rods, serpents was on the inside of that one. And then the Lord Jesus of all the great things that he could have said, a similitude that he could have used would have been said, "Be wise like Solomon. Be wise like this man or that man." And yet he said, "Be as wise as serpents and as harmless as doves." And yet our Lord Jesus is teaching us that it must be a mixture of wisdom and innocency which will dwell together. Is wisdom altogether bad? No, not all together. And he doesn't want us to go through more things than what's absolutely necessary. And you probably like myself and probably lots of others, there's things that we have done even in trying to share the word that we've probably made it harder on ourselves and certain stands that we've took through the years. I want you to notice in 1 Timothy chapter uh 2:2, for kings and for all that are in authority, that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty. Oh, praise the Lord. That's an awesome verse of scripture. Let's read it again. for kings and for all that are in authority that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty. And yet we know that the Lord wants us to be willing to lay our lives down as sheep. He wants us to be willing to give our lives even as doves as doves were accepted in the Old Testament as a sin offering. But he also wants us to have a mixture of wisdom that would be if you didn't look at it exactly right, it could seem that it was coming from the opposite side. But this is why that it needs to be mixed together with the nature of the dove. Now I want you to notice Jesus doesn't say for us to have the hiss of the serpent although some of us do. He doesn't want us to be as the Old Testament tells us that the viper or the adder will stop her ear. So the serpent was likened to someone who would stop their ear from hearing truth or correction. Jesus doesn't tell us to be like that. He doesn't tell us to be like the adder or the the nishhatan that would have the poison as it was in several places in the Old Testament. So he doesn't tell us to even be like that. And there's several attributes of the serpent that he could have used, but he picked the one that was a perfect match to that which the dove would need. Because a dove is a beautiful, beautiful bird, a beautiful creature of God, but she can be very dumb at times. &gt;&gt; She can be. She can be very dumb at times. She can actually get herself into danger and harm. I've seen them in with crocodiles and in Africa. And you'll watch them as they come down to the river. Now, the gems buck will come down. and even the elephant, which is much greater than the crocodile, and the little dick dick and all the different smaller animals that will be there. And they're so nervous and they're so jittery and they're just standing there and they're getting a drink and they'll raise their head and they'll get another drink and they'll raise their head and the doves will gather right there right where the crocodiles are and they'll just meander around and they'll coo to one another and they're just kind of playing around the water and here will come a crocodile right out of that water and grab a whole mouthful of them because they can tend to be so naive. Doves by their own nature can tend to be so naive and they are harmless. They they truly are harmless. But Jesus knew that sending forth his people into this world, not only then, but how much more now that they would also need an accompaniment that the dove nature alone would not be able to produce. And they would need something that would help them in dealing with this evil world. So they would be able to be spared unnecessary things which their own nature would lead them into because they're so kindhearted. So he said, "What I want you to do now, I want you to have this nature of the dove because that's who you are. You're my dove. You're my love. You're my undefiled, but I also want you to have something else that will help you in the wickedness and the darkness of this world. Now, let's read if you would in Matthew 22:1 17. Watch the Lord Jesus as he was confronted by a bunch of hypocritical religious people. Matthew 22:17, "Tell us therefore, what thinkkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar or not?" Now, remember, there are Roman guards watching them. Now, these men think they're laying a trap for the Lord Jesus. So, anybody that does that today when they're trying to lay a trap for a prophet or a preacher or a Christian, you realize what side they're on? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, tell us therefore, what thinkkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness and said, "Why tempt you me, you hypocrites?" Whoa. But this is the lamb of God. This is the dove of God. But the dove of God now has a wisdom which is looking to the people who is asking these questions. And yet the Bible tells us in the book of Hebrews, we'll get to it a bit, that the Lord Jesus was harmless. Harmless means he never harmed them at all in body, in character, in reputation, or in property. So the Lord Jesus called people devils. He called them wicked. He called them evil. He called them hypocrites. &gt;&gt; And yet he was totally harmless. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now you see the difference is when God declares that by the word, it's not us doing that. It's us simply repeating what God said. But the tricky part is for us in the flesh not to take such scriptures and such quotes and try to get back at people ourself in our own spirit. You see, that's when it becomes sinful and wrong. Now watch what the Lord Jesus responds. But Jesus perceived their wickedness and said, "Why tempt you me, you hypocrites?" Wow. Why tempt you me, you hypocrites? Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he saith unto them, Whose is the image and superscription? And they say unto him, Caesars's. Then saith he unto them, render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar, and unto God the things that are God's. Now notice their response. And when they heard these words, they marveled and left him and went their way. Now, it wasn't the dove that actually brought this great intimate wisdom, but it was that part which he was giving us an example of what we would learn and need to know how to do when we are dealing also with hypocrites. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. When we are dealing with modern-day Pharisees and sad, you see, and they truly are sad, you see, but we need more than just the dove nature. Now, listen to me carefully this morning. Watch Paul in Acts 9 22. Paul increased the moral strength and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus, proving that he is the very Christ. talking about the Lord Jesus. And after that, many days were fulfilled. The Jews took counsel to kill him. Okay? Now, we're not talking about infidels. We're not talking about heathens, but we're talking about supposedly the most religious people that were alive in that day. We're talking about people that said they were following Moses, the Jews. And yet they were seeking counsel to kill this man. My my isn't it amazing how religious people can get murderous spirits on them. &gt;&gt; Now whether they want to kill you physically or they just want to kill your reputation or your character or your name, it's still the same spirit of murder. &gt;&gt; And the church said &gt;&gt; and after that many days are fulfilled. The Jews took counsel to kill him. But they're laying away. Now watch what they're doing. They're hiding and they're laying awake for this man. The most religious people in the land are laying in weight to commit murder against a man for what? Stealing. A man who took their wives. A man who molested their children. A man who proved that Jesus was the Christ from the Bible. You see, that's one of the things that makes the devil in his utmost anger is when the Christ, the anointed word for the age you're living is proven by the Bible. It still makes people want to kill you to this very day. &gt;&gt; Now, notice the laying of weight was known of Saul and they watch the gates day and night to kill him. I mean, these people are determined. They've got somebody. They're having shifts and they're changing out shifts and they are ready and they're going to kill this preacher as soon as he walks through the door. Now notice, and the disciples took him by night and led him down by the wall in a basket. &gt;&gt; Oh, well, isn't he running? Is he portraying the attitude of a coward? Doesn't he believe God can protect him? &gt;&gt; Now, what if Paul would done maybe like some of us? Glory to God. I AIN'T AFRAID. I'LL WALK RIGHT OUT THERE. HALLELUJAH. I'LL TELL YOU ONE THING. You see, that's where sometimes we need this wisdom that Jesus was talking about. Now, the Lord is going to let him go through a lot of things in the remaining portion of his life, but this just happened to be not one of them. Isn't it amazing how that if we're not careful, we will accept certain things of the devil and we will misidentify it as a trial from God and the devil is laughing at us. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now watch. After Paul and Silas were beaten and thrown in jail, we're all familiar with this of course in Acts 16:35. And when it was day, the magistrate sent the sergeants saying, "Let those men go." Now, you remember the story, the spirit of God come in there and shook the day, the jail. And boy, I mean, they had a time. And then the magistrates, they sent word the next morning to the sergeants, which is watching them. And the keeper of the prison told this, saying to Paul, "The magistrates said to you to let you go. Now therefore, depart and go in peace." And Paul said unto them, "They have beaten us openly unconddemned, being Romans." &gt;&gt; I find this amazing because he never said this to the Christian church when he was preaching to them. &gt;&gt; But Paul has tapped into this wisdom. Now, now watch him. Being Romans, and have cast us into prison, and now do they thrust us out privy? Nay, verily, but let them come themselves and fetch us out. So apparently the spirit of God wanted the magistrates humbled &gt;&gt; humbled before these servants of God. I don't mind telling you. I love that when the Lord does that. &gt;&gt; AND THEY ALSO had broke lo Roman law which was called portion law. Portion law. IT WAS AGAINST ROMAN LAW FOR ANY Roman citizen to be beaten. It was against portion law for any Roman citizen to be chained in hands or feeders around his feet. AND YET GOD IS NOW GOING TO USE THIS OPPORTUNITY. AND WHAT IS it that taps in? Do you really think the dove wanted to be identified as a Roman dove? You think it wanted to be identified THAT IT WAS A DOVE OF GOD LEADING PAUL, but all of a sudden something must have quickened him. Tap into your Roman citizenship, Paul. NOW, NOTICE, SO THE MAJESTY of the Roman Empire is now going to be humiliated by these people, which supposedly are magistrates under the Roman headship. And Paul said, "We are not leaving. Tell them big boys, them ones that done all the blabbering, the ones that give all the orders, tell them to come and walk in here and escort us out &gt;&gt; lest I pick up my cell phone and call Caesar himself. &gt;&gt; You see, GOD DON'T WANT HIS CHILDREN STUPID. &gt;&gt; NO. A lot of us are stupid. I wish we wasn't, but we are. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; BUT PEOPLE THINK THEY WANT TO BECOME A MARTYR. I personally don't want to become a martyr. I may be one one day, but I want to live as long as the Lord will let me live. I want to be here and preach and do everything I can. But some folks have that mentality. It's like THEY WANT PERSECUTION. THEY do things to bring it on them. You're missing this element, friends. you know, missing this element and desire. I've seen preachers do exactly the same thing and go on the mission field and wherever was the most dangerous part was the part they felt they wanted to go into and wind up getting in trouble. I've seen it with brothers going overseas AND BECOME SO DEFIANT ABOUT THE laws of their land and looking for trouble and I've also seen them get in trouble because of it. Now, you know that Paul, I don't believe that he's doing this just out of pride and arrogance, but remember there's a young infant church here in Philippi. And Paul has been identified now with that church. So, this might be able to buy them a little bit of protection in the future once they realize the bishop of this church here is a Roman guy. Now, he wasn't Roman Catholic. He was Roman. So they said, "You know what? Oh man, we better leave that church alone. That Paul guy may come back down here and we'll really be IN TROUBLE." NOW, YOU KNOW, GOD CAN use the law of the land sometimes to our advantage and for our protection. And the church says, &gt;&gt; watch in verse 38, "And the sergeants told these words unto the magistrates, and they feared." Isn't it amazing? They didn't fear when they found out they're Christians. They didn't fear when they found out there preachers. They didn't fear when they told them those Holy Ghost men of God didn't do one thing to them. They probably laughed at them. But when they found out they were Roman citizens, it put the shake in their boots. &gt;&gt; Notice and they feared when they heard that they were Romans. AND THEY CAME AND BESOUGHT them and brought them out and desired them to depart. We're so sorry. Please don't tell don't tell nobody we so sorry. Okay. Imagine Paul might have milked it a little bit. They went OUT OF THE PRISON and entered into the house of Lydia. And when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them and departed. NOW WATCH AGAIN PAUL using this Roman citizenship and being able to do this why unfair unfair just absolutely contrary to the Lord said this is not right somebody must have received a revelation from God this is not me Paul I manifested myself but I WANT YOU TO THROW IT RIGHT BACK IN THEIR L I WANT YOU TO cause them to sweat notice in Acts 22:25 and as they bound him Paul again with tongs Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, "Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman and unconddemned?" Now watch him this time. He asked it in the form of a question. NOW IT'S NOT THAT HE DON'T KNOW. He knows the law AND IT'S NOT THAT HE'S finding out information, but he chooses to unveil himself his rights. So he puts it to this guy in the form of a question. And when the centurion heard that, he went and told the chief captain, saying, "Take heed WHAT THOU DOEST, FOR THIS MAN IS a Roman." Then the chief captain came and said, "Tell me, are you a Holy Ghost fil preacher? Are you a CHRISTIAN THAT'S BEEN BAPTIZED in the name OF THE LORD JESUS? I'M SCARED TO DEATH OF YOU IF YOU'VE GOT THE HOLY GHOST." What are they doing? Using what God gives them to be able to calm the enemy down. Praise the Lord. Ain't it amazing? Most of us that never considered this spiritual would. I'm gonna tell you one thing, friend. If it ever comes to a spot that our nation wants to shut our doors and wants to make it illegal to do preaching and baptism and all that sort of thing, you better believe if I have to, I'll get a lawyer. &gt;&gt; I'll get somebody that can go with me and stand right there and say, "According to the Constitution, it's his right to preach this. If I want to preach Humpty Dumpty as God, if I want to preach Donald Duck as God, I should have a right as an American citizen. Come on, somebody. And yet people say, "Oh, no, no, no. That that ain't nothing spiritual." I I disagree with you. As long as our rights, and we're standing right on the promise of the word of God, we ought to stand up and claim what's ours. You're letting the devil pull the wool over you. You're letting the devil convince you that some of the things you go through is God whipping you and God trying you when it ain't nothing but the devil robbing you of healing, ROBBING YOU OF JOY, ROBBING YOU and your family and your children. Well, I I know my children's just got to go astray. And who told you THAT LIE? THEY DO NOT HAVE TO GO ASTRAY. WELL, BROTHER DONNIE, WHAT IF THEY DO? WELL, IF THEY DO, YOU hold on to them with PRAYER AND BELIEVE GOD'S GOING TO GET MAD. WELL, MAYBE THEY'VE GOT TO SEW WILD OATS. And where does the scripture say that? I'd rather for them to be right here full of the Holy GHOST AND SIT OUT THERE sewing a bunch of wild oats and have to reap the rest of their life. Come on, CHILDREN. OUR CHILDREN ARE OUR INHERITANCE. Peace is our inheritance. JOY IS OUR INHERITANCE. WHY GIVE IT UP? YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE ENOUGH TRIALS the way it is. &gt;&gt; Oh my. THE CHIEF CAPTAIN CAME AND SAID UNTO HIM, "TELL ME, ART THOU A ROMAN?" HE SAID, "YAY." The chief captain answered with a great sum, obtained out this freedom. Now, they would sell Roman citizenship because it had certain rights, friends, benefits. So, they sold it for tremendous amounts OF MONEY. AND THIS GUY BOUGHT his citizenship. And the chief captain answered with a great sum obtained out of HIS FREEDOM. AND PAUL SAID, "BUT I WAS FREEBORN." In other words, his grandfather, his father, his greatgrandfather, someone in his lineage paid this price because they were Jews. SO THEY BOUGHT THIS ROMAN CITIZENSHIP. And once they bought it, then every son or daughter that was born thereafter was freeborn. Oh, I like that cuz that's the way I was. I was lost. Hallelujah. And my LORD JESUS BOUGHT MY CITIZENSHIP. So everyone born after the new birth, you're freeborn. &gt;&gt; AMEN. THEREFORE, YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUY YOUR citizenship in the kingdom of God today. You're a freeborn son or daughter of God. Notice then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him and the chief captain also a was afraid. So it was probably the dove, right? The dove was coupooing and when the devil and that captain just that shivers up my back I can't stand that. Oh that scares me to death. No, Roman citizenship. This is mindboggling. I know. Go ahead and agree to it. Notice this. And straightway they departed from him which should have examined him. Now, WHENEVER THEY FIND THIS OUT, THEY SAID, "OH, you're good. You're good. We we don't have no questions." &gt;&gt; So, it was the Holy Ghost, his office as a prophet that released him. Roman citizenship. Praise the Lord. AND THE CHIEF CAPTAIN also was afraid after he knew that he was a Roman and because he had bound him. Another instance, chapter 23:6. AND WHEN PAUL PERCEIVED THAT ONE PART WERE Sadducees and the other Pharisees, HE CRIED OUT IN THE COUNCIL, "MEN AND BRETHREN, I am a Pharisee." Now, I wonder what the churches would have thought if he would have got in the pullpit and said those exact same words. Now, HE DIDN'T SAY I WAS before my NEW BIRTH, BUT HE SAID I am. Praise the Lord. Where is this wisdom coming from? WHERE'S THIS COMING FROM TO GIVE HIM TO know to SAY THE RIGHT WORD? HE wouldn't said this to the saints of God. Now, children of God, I'm a Pharisee. That said, you still are. You You're going to preach to us. We're a message church. I mean, we don't want no Pharisees IN HERE. BUT PAUL SAID THEN SAID, "I AM A PHARISEE, the son of a Pharisee." Hallelujah. Of the hope and resurrection of the dead, I am called in question. And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees and the multitude was divided. Now, wait a minute. I DIDN'T THINK GOD was the author of confusion. &gt;&gt; Friends, we would be better off to spend a whole lot more time reading our Bible. Forget Instagram. Forget Facebook. forget a lot of this stuff that we consume oursel with. It's all in the Bible. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; NOW, YOU IMAGINE THIS MAN LOOKS OUT THERE AND THE WISDOM THAT JESUS SPOKE about and he looks and sees, ah, there's some two soul people. There's some seven thunder people. There's this, there's that. There's that. AND HE SAID, "GLORY TO GOD, I'M A PHARISEE." ONE OF THEM Pharisees that praise the Lord. PRAISE THE LORD. IT'S BECAUSE of the resurrection. &gt;&gt; He just didn't tell him the resurrection of who? &gt;&gt; Now, why was he here? Cuz he's preaching Jesus had raised from the dead. But he left that part out. &gt;&gt; Well, if this don't do nothing else, it's going to get y'all to at least reading these scriptures again, WON'T IT? I AM A PHARISEE AND MY DADDY WAS A PHARISEE AND THE REASON I'M CALLED AND QUESTIONED TODAY IS BECAUSE OF THE RESURRECTION of the dead. Now the Pharisees believed in a resurrection. The Sadducees didn't believe in a physical resurrection nor in angels nor spirits or anything like that. So the Pharisees said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, WHOA, WHOA. THIS IS OUR BROTHER. HALLELUJAH. LET'S RALLY AROUND HIM." SO THEN THE Pharisees go to debating with the Sadducees. So they drag out their favorite quotes. I'll tell you one thing the prophet of God said right here. AND THE PROPHET OF GOD, YEAH, BUT YOU CAN'T TAKE IT THAT WAY. AND THERE THEY GO, ONE ANOTHER. AND Paul just stand smiling. I'M TELLING YOU WHAT, WHAT WAS IT? THE DOVE WISDOM. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; Of a serpent. &gt;&gt; That's hard for me to say that too, friends. I know. And when HE HAD SO SAID, there arose of dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees, and the multitude was divided. SO HE GOT ALL THE Pharisees on his side. Wow. Most generally, I wouldn't think that would be a very good idea, but in this situation, it actually panned out pretty good. Now notice AS I WAS STUDYING on this scripture and I looked through all the of course all the scriptures about wisdom and every word serpent serpents and and all of that. Also looking up about harmless and blameless and you know gless and and all that that the people of God was going to be. And I found these next statements that I'm going to share with you in a Bible encyclopedia which I thought was absolutely awesome. WE MUST HAVE INNOCENCE WITH our wisdom or our wisdom is but craftiness. We must have wisdom with our innocence or our innocence is but weakness. We must have the innocence of the dove that WE WILL NOT HARM OTHERS. We must have the wisdom of the serpent that we may not harm ourselves. WE MUST HAVE THE INNOCENCE OF THE DOVE that we won't betray the truth and the wisdom of the serpent that we won't betray ourselves. INNOCENCE WITHOUT WISDOM is too weak to be safe. Wisdom without innocence is too subtle to be good. &gt;&gt; Woo! Help me Jesus. Anybody say it? Help me Lord. &gt;&gt; Help me Lord. Now I WANT YOU TO NOTICE ANOTHER ASPECT about about the serpent that one of the things that the serpent has a chief a chief principle and a care and his own good and his own benefit is that a serpent will watch his head. Now listen, a serpent will watch his head. Now, for those of you that have ever seen, you know, in in in life or seen it on video to WHERE THAT A A dog will attack a snake or a you know, different different animals that will and whenever they go to get really close and as long as that that snake will feel that he's in good um offensive position, then he WILL STAND RIGHT UP AND DO WHATEVER he's supposed to do. But if he ever goes to feeling that he's overwhelmed, then one of the things that he will do first is that that serpent will hide his head. So then if the animal of the bongoose or whatever it is will come toward him, he will take the rest of his body and he will try to enshroud or cover his head. Now, he might he can live if you actually cut part of his tail off, but you go to remove that head from the body, he's a dead snake. In his head is his sinking. In his head is his eyes. In his head, of course, is his mouth. SO, IT'S SUCH a vital thing. In his head, so he will protect his head. And I I look at that and I THINK, YOU KNOW, I WONDER ABOUT us as well in the sense that if we're not pretty open and pretty loose when it comes to us protecting our head. By that I mean what you think about, what you read, WHAT YOU CONTEMPLATE ON. NOTICE THIS IN ISAIAH 26:3. THOU WILL KEEP him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee. THOU WILL KEEP him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed. Now, not an occasional visit on the Lord. Not, you know, on Sundays and on Wednesdays and then maybe once again every now and then, you know, every other day of the week, BUT THOU WILL KEEP HIM in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee. And we know that the battleground is not the eyes. The battleground is not the ears, but the battleground is the mind. Notice in 1 Corinthians chapter 13:4, charity suffereth long and is kind. Charity envious not. Charity vaunteth not itself. Is not puffed up. Oh my. Dust behave itself. Thus not behave itself unseemly. Sekest not her own. is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil. So charity, a heart filled with charity will bring into obedience every thought that is contrary to the spirit of God, so that it will not think evil, casting down imaginations, and every high thing that is itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. NOW PEOPLE SAY, "WELL, I I I keep I HAVE NO CONTROL in my mind." I agree with that to to a CERTAIN DEGREE. YOU CANNOT KEEP THE birds from flying over, but you can stop them from building a nest. SO WHEN SATAN WILL PUT THOUGHTS IN YOUR mind that are contrary to the word of God and what God tells you about yourself, it's up to you as a child of God to bring into captivity that thought AND DO NOT LET THAT THOUGHT propagate itself in the womb of your mind because thoughts are seeds. Now then then Satan will put a thought in your mind, God don't love you. You know, he won't move for you, he won't heal you, whatever it is that you're dealing with. And then that seed has the ability to propagate itself in the womb of your mind. Remember when the prophet preached the spoken word's original seed and on part one, he said, "Now this afternoon, we'll get to the two wombs." And he did. So there's a womb in your mind and then of course there's one in your in the body. BUT YOU KNOW, SATAN KNOWS EXACTLY HOW TO bring his thoughts into the mind. Well, it's been a long time since you felt God and you don't know. You don't know where you stand on this and you're confused on that. Nobody loves you. God don't love you. The church don't love you. The pastor sure don't love you. And all these are seeds that Satan's planting inside of our mind. But are we going to protect our head? Or are we going to let our head, our mind become an open womb by which Satan will sew all of these thoughts of discord and doubt and all these things in there to try to propagate his own move, which is of course what he wants to do. BUT PAUL SAID, "BRINGING into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." Philippians 2:5, "Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus." Is it attainable? &gt;&gt; If it wasn't attainable, the Bible wouldn't have said for us to do it. Philippians 4:8. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things ARE OF A GOOD REPORT, if there be any virtue, oh my, and there be any praise, think on these things. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; How many has a hard time doing that though? &gt;&gt; Why? Satan wants to have us so busy. AND WE'VE GOT SO MANY PROBLEMS in life and issues in life. And most of us have probably got more things than we've ever had in our life. And all the things that we have require work and maintenance and thought and this and that and the other. AND IT'S NOT THAT our minds are occupied by sinful things many times, BUT IT'S JUST THINGS. SO WE CROWD OUT THE ability to think on whatsoever things are lovely. WHATSOEVER THINGS ARE GOOD, WHATSOEVER THINGS ARE JUST, WHATSOEVER THINGS are of a good report, and what the praise of God, the goodness of God, the move OF GOD, WHAT GOD'S DOING. JUST THINK ABOUT THAT INSTEAD OF THINKING, "OH, THIS ONE'S SICK. THAT ONE'S SICK. THAT ONE'S SICK. THAT ONE'S SICK." GOD WANTS US TO REMEMBER THAT. But he also wants us to remember the ones that he's healed in our assembly. He don't WANT US JUST TO THINK ABOUT those that are sick now. HE WANTS US TO POINT BACK AND look at those that's been healed of cancer, those that have been healed with all kinds of sickness and disease. And the church said, "SAME IN YOUR LIFE." SATAN WANTS YOU TO FOCUS ON THE TROUBLE YOU'RE DEALING WITH RIGHT NOW. HE DOES NOT WANT YOU TO REMEMBER ALL THE TIMES THAT GOD delivered you already. Oh, I wish somebody would preach with ME THIS MORNING. HE DON'T WANT YOU GOING BACK AND THINKING, "BOY, THE LORD DONE THIS and the Lord done that and the Lord done that." BECAUSE THAT EXCITES faith and brings faith to that next phase. So, he wants to just have you all bogged down by your failures. Well, you messed up again. You honestly THINK GOD'S GOING TO forgive you. You messed up. THIS IS NOT RIGHT. THAT ain't right. What? Sure. There's things that rattles us that's NOT RIGHT. BUT WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED to dwell on them DAY AND NIGHT. COME ON, SOMEBODY. LOOK, FRIEND, I'm in enough contact with people around the world. Just our own church is enough to drive a man nuts, much less all the people around the world that I'm in contact with with prayer requests and all these things. IF THE LORD DIDN'T HELP ME, I WOULD BE AS NUTTY AS a Looney Tune. I WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT MY NAME IS. AND I HAVE TO FIND THAT BALANCE BETWEEN SICKNESS AND TROUBLE AND HEARTACHE and disappointment. And at THE SAME TIME, NOT LET THAT DEVIL ROB MY JOY WITH THE needs of the people that I love. so much and THE PEOPLE OF GOD THAT I WANT TO SEE COME TO THAT PLACE IN HIM AND EACH OF US HAVE TO FIND THAT PLACE OURSELF IN CHRIST JESUS THAT the Lord helps us. ARE WE CONCERNED ABOUT ONE ANOTHER? WE ARE. ARE WE CONCERNED ABOUT THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES? WE ARE. BUT I DON'T WANT TO BE SO OVERWHELMED I GO AROUND WITH A BIG LONG FACE. I DON'T WANT TO BE SO OVERWHELMED BY ALL THE TROUBLE AND THE SADNESS AND THE SICKNESS AND THE TROUBLE THAT I FORGET THAT THE JOY OF THE LORD IS MY STRENGTH. HALLELUJAH. LET THE PEOPLE OH, HALLELUJAH. WHOSE GOD IS THE LORD. WE NEED TO PRAISE HIM AND REJOICE AND WHAT he's doing. &gt;&gt; OH, THANK GOD. NOTICE THIS. IN the greatest battle ever fought, THE PROPHET SAID THAT'S THE MAIN THING. SO, there's your battleground. Your battleground is back HERE IN THE BEGINNING, BACK in the soul or back in the mind that opens. The mind is the gate to the soul. And then he says the spirit rather your mind opens up and accepts the spirit or rejects the spirit. You can have little conscience, little feelings, little sensations and all these things that has nothing to do with it. That just little sensation. BUT WHEN IT COMES TO REALITY, YOUR MIND OPENS IT UP. Your mind either accepts it or rejects it. That's it, friends. God, let none of them miss it. Oh my, I say the same thing, Lord. Don't let them miss it. IT'S YOUR MIND THAT OPENS up the door or closes the door. WE NEED TO PROTECT OUR HEAD. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; Oh my. And listens to your conscience. listens to your memory, LISTENS TO YOUR AFFECTION. BUT WHEN YOUR MIND closes itself, listen to this church, to these things. And let GOD AND THE SPIRIT OF THE WORD COME IN, listen what it does. It blows the rest of the stuff out. That sounds like dynamite TO ME. IT BLOWS THE REST OF THE STUFF OUT. SO IT DON'T JUST KINDLY AND COURTEOUSLY open the door and say, "Would you care to leave, Mr. Doubt? Would you care to leave, Mr. Fear? BUT THE SPIRIT OF GOD TAKES A HOLD OF THAT WORD AND IN YOUR mind you think about it. You praise it. The next thing you know, you're going to feel a little bit better THAN YOU DID BEFORE. WHY? BECAUSE THE WOMB of your mind has brought THE SEED OF GOD'S PROMISED WORD IN THERE. AND IT COMES WITH AN attachment to our emotions. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, I know some of you the only emotion you have is when your son or daughter or grandson or granddaughter is playing soccer or ball because you have no emotions, right? But your granddaughter and she just does whatever it is she's doing and everybody's around you and you're just saying, "I don't have any emotions. I'm a very laidback, quiet person." Come on. &gt;&gt; You lying between your teeth. What you doing? &gt;&gt; If we COULD REJOICE AND JUMP AND HOLLER BECAUSE one of our kids or whoever more hits a baseball or or a softball or, YOU KNOW, BASKETBALL, WHATEVER IT IS THEY'RE DOING. And what are you doing that for? Cuz you want to show them your support. &gt;&gt; What about when a man of God is preaching the word? Amen. &gt;&gt; WHAT ABOUT THE LORD JESUS? WHEN HE COMES AMONG US, DO WE WANT TO SHOW HIM OUR SUPPORT &gt;&gt; or do we want to give him our snores? &gt;&gt; Now, Lord, you know I'm not an emotional person. He said, "Really?" Well, I heard a lot different when you and your husband was riding to church today. Oh, sorry about that. These battles has raged since THE DAY OF THE GARDEN OF EDEN. THE BATTLE IN THE HUMAN MIND. LISTEN. PROTECT YOUR HEAD. &gt;&gt; THESE BATTLES HAVE raged and they're still raging. And Satan has got more things to enter into our head than he's ever had. &gt;&gt; Many of you have got that stuck in your pocket. your phone &gt;&gt; or it's in your purse. I'll tell you friend, it's awful. Christians are becoming so addicted to their phones, it's terrible. &gt;&gt; You can't even sit down and eat a meal together without a phone going off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Preach, Brother Donnie. &gt;&gt; Amen, Brother Donnie. &gt;&gt; WHAT IS IT, SATAN? &gt;&gt; IT COMES FROM THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE OF GOOD AND EVIL. IT'S TO SO ABSORB OUR THOUGHTS, OUR TIME, our mind. AND WHAT HAS IT DONE? HAS IT HELPED US? SURE, THERE'S BEEN BENEFIT TO IT. BUT I WONDER HOW MUCH SADNESS, HOW MUCH DEPRESSION. AND I READ A A STUDY NOT LONG AGO WHERE YOUNG GIRLS, even some of the countries in Europe, is going to make it illegal FOR TEENAGERS TO HAVE ACCESS TO some of the internet BECAUSE THEY FOUND, ESPECIALLY WITH YOUNG GIRLS, THAT THEY WILL LOOK AT images of females on the INTERNET AND THEY LOOK at their own self and they look at their body and they don't even compare to a lot of them images and you don't even know if they're real or not real anymore. AND THEN THEY WHAT IS IT CAUSING THEM? IMAGE PROBLEMS. And they LOOK AT THEIREL AND THEY FEEL UGLY OR THEY FEEL overweight and they feel this and that and THE OTHER. LET ME tell you something, CHILDREN. WE SHOULD NOT BE WORRIED ABOUT TRYING TO IDOLIZE THEM JEZEBELS. WE SHOULD NOT WORRY ABOUT TRYING TO LOOK LIKE THEM. WELL, THE SAME WITH YOU MEN. AND YOU WANT TO OH MY WORSHIP YOUR BODY AND HAVE ABS AND HAVE THIS AND THAT AND THE OTHER. I'D RATHER HAVE A POT BELLY AND BE FILLED WITH THE HOLY GHOST THAN TO LOOK LIKE SOME KIND OF Hercules and go to hell. PRAISE THE LORD. SPEND A LITTLE BIT MORE TIME IN THE HOLY GHOST GYM INSTEAD OF PUMPING IRON. WHY DON'T YOU PUMP THE WORD? WHY DON'T YOU PUMP A MESSAGE? HOW LONG HAS IT BEEN SINCE SOME OF YOU SAT DOWN WITH YOUR FAMILY AND LISTENED TO A TAPE OF THE PROPHET OF GOD? COME ON, BROTHER DONNIE. OH, WE'RE CONCERNED ABOUT THIS AND CONCERNED ABOUT THAT. AND WE'RE NOT COVERING OUR HEAD WHEN A DUMB SNAKE HAS ENOUGH SENSE TO KNOW WHEN THE BATTLE IS RAGING, COVER YOUR HEAD. COVER YOUR HEAD. BECAUSE IF THAT ENEMY GRABS A HEAD, HE GRABS YOUR TONGUE, HE GRABS YOUR CONFESSION, HE GRABS YOUR EYES, HE GRABS YOUR INTELLECT, HE GRABS THE WAY YOU PROCESS YOUR ENTIRE LIFE. Satan started it. And what did he do when he met Eve? He didn't deny God's word. He didn't deny God's word, but he whitewashed it. STOPS UP SOME LITTLE CHANNEL SOMEWHERE. BUT surely God, surely God, he knowed the word was right. Isn't that amazing? That's what kind of hypocrite we've got that's tempting us. &gt;&gt; He himself knows the word is right and believes it's true, but he wants to tell you it ain't. &gt;&gt; DO YOU UNDERSTAND? YOU'RE BEING TEMPTED BY the biggest hypocrite that ever lived. You're being tempted BY THE BIGGEST LIAR. YOU CANNOT BELIEVE WALL. YOU CANNOT BELIEVE THE DEVIL. YOU CANNOT HANG YOUR SOUL ON THE THINGS HE SAID ON YOU. HE BELIEVES THE WORD IS RIGHT AND KNOWS IT IS. AND YET HE'LL TELL YOU it's wrong. &gt;&gt; That's what he's done to all these folks has left the message. &gt;&gt; He himself knows this message is right. He and his cohorts in hell met this prophet of God enough times to know they know better. They ain't a false prophet. &gt;&gt; They know a whole lot better than some of the preachers and some of the people that's left this message. Come on now, children. Oh yeah, he knows who he is. HE KNOWS THAT WAS A MAN OF GOD. YOU REMEMBER THEM demons whenever them sons ofKkea come out and they saw Paul casting out devils in the name of Jesus and they come up to a man that was demonp possessed and they said WE WE ASSURE YOU IN THE NAME OF JESUS THAT PAUL preached them devils in that man looked out and said Jesus I KNOW &gt;&gt; AND PAUL I KNOW &gt;&gt; but who are you? AND THEM DEMONS COME OUT OF THAT MAN AND TORE THE HIDE OFF THEM GUYS. TORE THE CLOTHES OFF OF THEM. I FIGURED they deserve it. &gt;&gt; WHY? AIN'T IT AMAZING? DEMONS OUT OF HELL RECOGNIZED WHO A SERVANT OF GOD WAS. REMEMBER WHEN PAUL WENT INTO THE CERTAIN CITY IN THERE AND THERE WAS A WOMAN that was demonp possessed. Remember that's sus. AND SHE HAD A REAL GIFT, some type of real gift. And she WAS TELLING THEM DIFFERENT TYPES OF THINGS. AND PAUL FINALLY GOT TIRED OF THAT THING FOLLOWING around and he rebuked HER AND SHE YOU KNOW WHAT SHE'S TELLING HIM? THESE MEN ARE TELLING THE TRUTH. THESE MEN ARE PREACHING THE WAY OF GOD. YOU IMAGINE A DEMON OUT OF HELL INSIDE OF THAT WOMAN'S BODY. Oh hallelujah. MY THINK OF THE CHILDREN. BUT YET THEY'LL COME AND TELL YOU, "OH, THAT AIN'T RIGHT. THAT AIN'T RIGHT." WONDER HOW MANY OF THEM SAME DEMONS TOLD THEM PEOPLE, "WELL, THAT MAN'S A FALSE PROPHET. I DON'T BELIEVE THAT. THAT'S SUCH A HERESY. WHOEVER in the world ever heard such stuff. But when the devil testified himself, he said, "I'm telling you one thing." He's a voice is right on track now. They're telling you the truth. PAUL SAID, "SHUT UP, DEVIL. I DON'T NEED YOU TESTIFYING IN my meetings. Come out of her." &gt;&gt; Praise. LOOK WHAT HE WANTS TO DO. GET YOUR HEAD. If he gets your head, he gets your eyes. He gets your mouth, your confession. He gets your ears. than as the serpent as it was prophesied in the Old Testament that she will stop her ears. I don't want TO HEAR IT. I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT. I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT. &gt;&gt; It's amazing. People don't want to hear the truth, but they want to hear lies against the truth. &gt;&gt; Oh my. HE KNOW THE word was right, but he noted he just couldn't come right out and blast it blarry like that. So he sugarcoated it. Wow. &gt;&gt; Sugarcoat it. You know, a lot of preachers in this day are professional sugar coders. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. YOU JUST LET GOD'S WORD penetrate first. TAKE THE MIND. THERE'S THE BATTLE GROUND. NOT SAY, "WELL, IF I COULD FEEL IT, I I FEEL THE GLORY OF GOD FOLLOWING." THAT HAS NOTHING to do WITH IT. NOT A THING. OPEN UP THAT MIND. THAT'S THE BATTLEGROUND. THERE'S WHERE THE BATTLE SETS in a ray. Think of it, friends, right here this morning. It's happening. &gt;&gt; The battle IS IN A RAY. THE BATTLEGROUND, YOUR MIND. Some of you HAVING A HARD TIME CONCENTRATING. YOU'RE TRYING TO THINK. YOU'RE TRYING TO, YOU KNOW, YOU'RE TRYING TO PROCESS THE WORD. LORD, HELP ME. PLEASE HELP ME, LORD. THIS THOUGHT COMING IN, THAT CAUGHT coming in. What's brother so and so saying? Sister so and so in his church. Oh. Oh, Lord. Sister so and so. I bet she's sick today. Oh goodness. Over brother so and so. Is brother Donnie okay? Is he acting all right? He's acting kind of wild today. That's normal. &gt;&gt; OH. OH MY GOODNESS. IS BROTHER IS BROTHER JOHN OKAY? I'VE NOTICED he's a little bit, you know, maybe brother John he he's prayed a little funny. Is everything ALL RIGHT? IT'S AMAZING WHAT SATAN WILL DO TO TRY TO PULL YOUR HEAD OUT TO WHERE HE CAN START SEWING SEEDS in your mind. OPEN UP THAT MIND. THAT'S THE BATTLEGROUND. THAT'S WHERE THE BATTLE sets in array right there in the front line, your mind. OPEN IT UP AND SAY, "EVERY DOUBT I doubt my doubts." PRAISE BE TO GOD. I DOUBT MY DOUBTS. &gt;&gt; I'M DOUBTING MY DOUBTS NOW. I'M BELIEVING GOD'S WORD. NOW, NOTICE WHAT HE'S DOING. He's putting the words in our mouths to say, &gt;&gt; "Yes, sir." &gt;&gt; When the battle rages, he's giving us the words TO SAY. I DOUBT MY DOUBTS. I'M DOUBTING MY DOUBTS NOW. I'M BELIEVING IN GOD'S WORD. HERE I COME, SATAN. Something's going to take place. Sure it will. YES, SIR. YOU SEE, ERROR IS LIKE GANG GREEN. Remember Herminous AND FELIUS IN THE NEW TESTAMENT? PAUL WROTE ABOUT THEM BECAUSE THEY PREACHING the resurrection WAS PASSED AND HE SAID, "THEIR word doth eat as a canker," &gt;&gt; which is gang green. what we would call cancer today. SO FALSE DOCTRINE BECOMES LIKE A gangarine in your body. For any of you that know anybody that's ever had it before, you know, whenever it sits in the human body, if they don't get behind it far enough, they'll amputate, amputate, amputate, amputate, amputate, amputate because it keeps eating, it keeps spreading. Oh Lord, HERESIES DESTROY THE DOCTRINE OF FAITH and the true reality of God. Now, let's change it a little bit. Jesus said that we're to be as wise as serpents, but as harmless as doves. Harmless as doves. How many wants to be a dove? &gt;&gt; How many believes you are? &gt;&gt; You just need more of the nature of it in you. &gt;&gt; Raise your hand. Wave your hand. Amen. Lord, you see my hands. So watch now. We we we see hopefully you see today that after that we need the wisdom of the serpent to be able to help us to know what to do. AND THEN WITH THE SPIRIT OF GOD IN US IMPARTING THE DIVINE NATURE of the dove, IT WILL KEEP THAT WISDOM to where it will not be what guides us and leads us all through life. And yet the dove WILL NEED THAT TO ACCOMPANY IT TO make it to where THAT WE'RE NOT SO SMART AND WE'VE GOT SUCH SUBTLENESS WITH our wisdom. I'm going to tell you there's folks around this message and they are tricksters. THEY KNOW HOW TO say certain things. Preachers are that way. You get around them and boy, whatever you want to hear is what they'll tell you. What you want to hear, they'll tell you. What you want to hear, they'll tell you, they'll tell you. And then one of these days it'll backfire because all y'all get together and have a meeting and say, "You know what, brother so and so." No, no way. He told me this. He told me that. That's the way it is. Believe me, I've been in on some of those meetings before. NOW WATCH. AND AND THE ASPECT OF THE DOVES. WELL, HOW DOES God want us to be like doves? Well, there's many ways, of course, BUT HE WANTS US TO BE LIKE A DOVE in meekness and also in innocence and then also in purity. Meekness, innocence, and purity. Now, friend, I've come to the realization that I believe with all of my heart, one of the reason that some of the folks have pulled away from the message is because they can't live it. There ain't no way in the world from here on and until next Sunday and whenever it is I get done with this that we're going to be able to live this without the nature of God himself. So it's easier to go TO SOME WATERED DOWN compromising church where you do whatever you want to do and live however you want to live and instead of facing the fact you know what I cannot live what this word demands. I can't either but with him and me we're more than conquerors over it. &gt;&gt; NOW THE dove is an emblem of meekness. Watch this. But the dove, you know, it it also needs that strength and that wisdom. Watch this in question answers. Of course, the devils went out of them. Talking about this man that had all this demons in him and the maniac of Gadra AND CAUSED TO KILL THE hogs and it just run them into a fit. I'll tell you one thing. It's going to be hard for you to keep your meekness if you've got a temper enough to where you can fight a buzz saw. &gt;&gt; You see, temper is the first stage of insanity. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'll preach with or without you, but the amens are appreciated. &gt;&gt; Amen. IT JUST RUN THEM INTO A FIT. YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT HAPPENED WHEN Jesus commanded them demons to leave this man? They caused these pigs to go into a temper fit. &gt;&gt; Throw them in a fit of rage and anger. THEY JUST HAD A FIT JUST LIKE ANYONE. DID YOU EVER SEE A person have a temper fit? Well, that's just what it is. It's just them devils. I ain't saying nothing. I'm just looking. &gt;&gt; I know this ain't D, friends. And I realize a lot of folks, they don't want to hear this kind of preaching, &gt;&gt; but if you want to be saved and you want to be in the rapture, I think you do. &gt;&gt; Right. IT'S JUST THEM DEVILS. THAT'S WHAT happened to them. You ever see one having a temper fit? You say, "OH, I KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO Gather right now." That's just EXACTLY A FEW MORE come in there running COMPLETELY INSANE. CUZ A MEDICAL DOCTOR WILL TELL YOU THAT TEMPER is the first stage of insanity. &gt;&gt; That's what Mayo says. First stage of insanity. Read it everybody. You folks are streaming this service, don't you cut me off now. &gt;&gt; Now, can you imagine them OR THE PERSON WITH A temper and then they rely upon the wisdom of the serpent instead of the humility of the dove? Notice in Ephesians 4:31. You see, this is something that the dove naturally cannot have, which is the gall of bitterness or revenge. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you with ALL MALICE. LET ALL BITTERNESS, look at the word bitterness. Oh my, what a powerful word, bitter gall, A BITTER RULE, AND SO producing a bitter fruit. It's also used of the poison of the serpents. Wow. So bitterness, anger, clamor, wrath. Mama had all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking. Huh? Speaking. Let's look at this little jewel. Speaking. &gt;&gt; The Greek word is blasphemia. &gt;&gt; Everybody know what that means? I suppose like blaspheming the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; evil speaking, blasphemy, slander, detraction, speech, injurous to another's good name. Do you understand how easy it is to blasphe the Holy Ghost, calling the works of God an unclean spirit? So when a a person has been saved, I'm talking about really saved, filled with the HOLY GHOST, CHANGED, MANIFESTED attribute of God and you try to run them down and say they're an evil devil or they're this and the other. Do you understand what you're doing? You're calling the works of God an unclean spirit. &gt;&gt; We're not just talking about healing and jumping and running and shouting. &gt;&gt; Paul chose this word correctly. So evil speaking of one another, EVIL SPEAKING OF GOD'S PROPHET, &gt;&gt; GOD'S MEN, &gt;&gt; GOD'S DAUGHTERS, God's sons, &gt;&gt; blasphemia, bitterness. Then he ties it together with evil speaking. So look at this now. slander, detraction, speech, injurous to another's good name. But Paul said, "Let it be put away from you with all malice." Verse 32, "And be ye mean &gt;&gt; and angry &gt;&gt; and hissing &gt;&gt; AND CALLING UP TO BITE SOMEBODY. Be ye kind one to another, &gt;&gt; tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We do believe this, right? &gt;&gt; We do believe this is God's word. Can't you see, friends, the majority of Christendom will never get to this? They can't cuz they're not filled with the Holy Ghost. So, somebody does something against them, they will get them back. &gt;&gt; And if they go to church with them, they won't speak to them. They won't shake their hand. and they'll do everything they can to injure their name &gt;&gt; and their character. &gt;&gt; As we go on in time, I realize why there'll be so few that'll actually make the rapture even in our own ranks because people do not consider this of very much value. &gt;&gt; Well, THEY SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID THAT ABOUT ME. I'LL TELL YOU ONE THING. I WATCH OUT, HOGS. &gt;&gt; And be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake. I AIN'T FORGIVE THEM. THEY NEVER ASKED ME. PAUL NEVER TOLD YOU TO FORGIVE them when they asked you. &gt;&gt; He gave you the basis by which we forgive people as God has forgiven you for Christ's sake. Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus forgave those Romans who never even asked him for forgiveness. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Think on these things. &gt;&gt; Notice in Hebrews 12:15, looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God. Now, can you imagine that people can actually fail? They can fall from the grace OF GOD. THEY THEY'VE BEEN SAVED FROM A world of sin. They may have been sanctified. They may have come into a, you know, a church and they pay their tithes and do all kinds OF THINGS AND YET fail from the grace of God, lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you and thereby many be defiled, &gt;&gt; not with adultery, not with fornication, not with drinking, not with marijuana, &gt;&gt; but with bitterness. Wow. &gt;&gt; Bitterness. The prophet preached the lamb and the dove several times. And brother Joseph Moose, Matson, Joseph Matson. Bose actually printed the one that Brother Random preached. I think it maybe might have been the one in Shreport. I might be mistaken on that. But brother Randerman referring back to that book and he was talking about what a blessing it had been to so many people. AND HE SAID HE FELT like it was the greatest sermon up to that time that God ever gave him. Maybe y'all listen to it sometime. I want you to listen to this one. In Los Angeles, the dove doesn't have a gall. So, he cannot digest the things that a scavenger bird would eat. He can only eat the clean and pure things. He types the Christian that packs the dove in his heart. He just can't stand the foul things of the world. See, HE HASN'T ANY G, NO bitterness about him. He's humble, a humility. What's any sweeter than the coup of a dove? I've noticed the dove. This one is in Brooklyn. He takes some of the same similar thoughts. I've noticed in the dove, the dove is one bird who has no gall, no bitterness. And there's no bitterness about God. It's a gentle, meek, kind little fella. And it cannot any eat anything that's contaminated. And the wings of a dove, I found out that the dove don't have any gall, no gall in a dove because he has no need of it. See, that's the way it is with a Christian. He doesn't need bitterness. See, friends, I wish I could get this over to you today. For those of you that are struggling with bitterness against somebody you go to church with, against a preacher, against a mom, a daddy, whatever it is, you don't need that in your life. &gt;&gt; And nine times out of 10, it destroys the person who has the bitterness, not the person they have the bitterness against. So if you're setting your day and you've got bitterness in your heart, it will not destroy that person you've got the bitterness against &gt;&gt; cuz sometimes they don't even know it. &gt;&gt; But it will destroy you. &gt;&gt; You see other birds, they have that gall. They need it. The prophet said the biggest hypocrite that there was is a crow cuz he can eat seed right beside the dove in church and he can go outside the church and feed on filth and carry in over rotten carcasses. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; That's a church member a lot of times. &gt;&gt; That's right. BUT HE SAID HE DON'T NEED ANY BITTERNESS cuz he only eats the food of God. It doesn't take bitterness to to dissolve that. But it takes love to dissolve the food. SO YOU SEE THE SCAVENGER HAS TO HAPPEN. They need all that to help them digest what they're eating because they're eating. &gt;&gt; But the dove loves pure air. Did you know that the dove doesn't like contaminated air? Polluted air. Pollution in some of the third world countries with large populations of doves as it begins to increase, it will drive them from the city because they can't stand to breathe it. They can't stand to live in that. Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And a dove. YOU'LL NEVER FIND THE DOVE laying on a no dead possum as Carol and I had to straddle one coming to church that had been rolling run over probably sometime in the night. Blood scattered everywhere. Yeah, I want to make you sick. I want to make you sick of what you're feeding on if it's contrary to the word of God. &gt;&gt; I GUARANTEE YOU HEAD BACK THAT way in a bit. There'll be crows down there PICKING ITS EYES OUT. The first thing they'll be picking on this and picking on that. You ain't going to find no dove down there unless he got drunk somewhere last night, fell out of the tree, and hit himself ON THE HEAD. AIN'T NO DOVE GONNA DO IT BECAUSE AS SOON AS HE'D eat it, IT WOULD MAKE HIM SICK, &gt;&gt; HE CAN'T DIGEST IT. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad you can't digest the filth of the world? &gt;&gt; You see what it takes to digest this message? True baptism of the Holy Ghost on the soul. And you're in love with Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Let me read you this in Romans and we'll close. The dove nature will not revenge itself. ROMANS 12:19. DEARLY BELOVED, avenge not yourselves, BUT RATHER GIVE place unto wrath. This is an amazing word, place. Go ahead and make room for it. Go ahead and let him do it. Let them run you down. Let them talk about you, &gt;&gt; but don't avenge yourselves. &gt;&gt; In me, I've got to stand THERE FOR MY RIGHTS. That's because you're not a sheep yet, honey. &gt;&gt; You need to let the Lord Jesus shave that off of you. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto the wrath. For it is written, "Vengeance is mine. I will repay, sayaith the Lord." Who do you figure could get back at people better? You or God? &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; But turn it over to God then. &gt;&gt; Therefore, if thine enemy hunger, FEED HIM RIGHT POISON. IF HE THIRST, GIVE HIM BATTERY ACID. NOW, don't tell me some of y'all ain't bought rat poison before to give to your enemies. In a metaphor, our rat poison comes from right here. &gt;&gt; And our battery acid &gt;&gt; you going to keep on. You're going to get me fired. I'm just I'm just saying. Wow. Therefore, if thine enemy hunger, feed him. If he thirst, give him drink. For in so doing, thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head. Who would have ever thought a Big Mac and a Diet Coke would have done that? Can't you see what the Lord WANTS TO DO FOR US? But when we take it in our own hands, then where does the coals of fire come? On our own hide. &gt;&gt; Again, friends, I realize this is not important. It's just the Bible, right? I mean, that that's just why the majority of Christendom, they will miss it on such stuff as this. We're pointing to hair. We're pointing to britches. We're pointing to makeup. Let's just LAY THAT ASIDE. HOW MANY OF US DO THIS? &gt;&gt; SOME OF YOU SISTERS AIN'T WORN MAKEUP IN YEARS AND YEARS YET. DO YOU DO THIS? &gt;&gt; THEREFORE, if thine enemy hunger, feed him. If he thirst, give him drink. For in so doing, thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head. Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil. &gt;&gt; So that's the way that we overcome it when we're dealing with people who are doing us evil. We overcome it with good. 1 Thessalonians 5:15, "See that none render evil for evil unto any man, but ever follow that which IS GOOD, BOAST AMONG yourselves unto &gt;&gt; Wow." So, if the Lord Jesus requires these words to be fulfilled in our lives before the rapture, how many of us would have went this morning at 8:00 if it would have come? 1 Peter 3:8. Finally, be all of one mind, having compassion one of another. Love his brethren. Be pitiful, which means showing pity. Be courteous. Do you understand? Christianity involves being courteous, &gt;&gt; kind, loving, gentle. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Not rendering evil for evil or railing for railing. Railing is to speak reproachfully and reviling. But contrarywise, blessing, which is where we get the word eulogy from, BOUNTY, PRAISE, AND BENEFIT. SO SOMEBODY TALKS ABOUT YOU AND YOU PRAISE THEM. &gt;&gt; WELL, what do you think? Should we just shut down this church and turn it into a tire selling place? Or maybe we'll make it an oil change place. &gt;&gt; If we're not going to keep this word and if we don't think these words have value, where are we? Who are we? &gt;&gt; I don't know who you are, but I know who I am. &gt;&gt; I'm a son of God. &gt;&gt; And I want this in my life more than I want anything in the word this world. I have it in my life, brother Larry, but I want to see it more. Come on, SOMEBODY. Y'ALL GOT IT IN YOUR LIFE, BUT YOU WANT TO SEE IT MORE. YOU WANT TO SEE JESUS MANIFESTED? OH, I KNOW WE EMPHASIZE SIGNS AND WONDERS AND WALKING ON WATER. MY LET'S JUST GET THIS IN OUR LIFE. THEN WE'LL WALK ON WATER AFTER A WHILE. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Let me hurry. Not rendering evil for evil, railing for really contrary wise blessing, knowing that you are there unto called that ye should inherit a blessing. For he that will love life and see good days, let him refrain his tongue from evil, and his lips that they speak no guile. Why a dove nature doesn't have any? She has no god. But still, &gt;&gt; we'll pick it up again. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And you know what's awesome thing it is about being the pastor? I know that most of you want it. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if I'd asked you here today, do you want me to skip the rest of this part? Most of you'd say, "No, preaching &gt;&gt; cuz you want to be right with God, sir." &gt;&gt; You believe what you wish to. I don't think he would send this to us if there were not hungry hearts here, &gt;&gt; who was going to receive it. and become it. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads together. Praise the Lord. Lord Jesus, how I thank you for these words today. I know, Lord, they're not words that our flesh really enjoys hearing. Yet in our souls, we rejoice for the truth. I know, father that Satan has moved in the amongst the ranks of the message people and down through the years men have come in and got big followings on this ideology and that one and another one and all of it based on a personality of some man somewhere. And they have their certain cliches and their words. And when they all get together, they say those certain words and the crowd roars. And yet, how many of them was sitting there with the envy of their hearts? I'm reminded of a certain move that was one of the biggest moves around the message not too many years ago. And yet the leader of that move told them in Africa for them to go to the churches that didn't believe their doctrines, climb up in the rafters of the church and record their sermons and clip their tapes and make them say things they didn't say. like they did me several years ago in Ohio when I went there and they got the service that I preached and then they took it home and they modified it and changed it. Took words out, put words in that I didn't say. Brother George Smith called me on the phone. Hey, brother Donnie, you was up at brother so and so. Yeah. Yeah, I sure was. Did you say this and this and this? I said, 'N no, sir. I sure didn't. Somebody sent me a tape. I said, I don't care what they sent. I didn't say that. Come to find out, their great leader of this great move told their people to come to my meetings, find fault, listen for everything they could. How terrible. I wish these poor people before they crossed the line if they haven't &gt;&gt; that have pulled away from this message who are listening to God's prophet not for any benefit but to find where he told the story this way here and then he would tell it a little bit different over there. Yeah. Sort of like they do when they tell their stories. Sort of like Matthew told one story and then whenever Mark wrote about it, it was a little bit different. not knowing one day that they will walk before you, Lord, at your throne and give an account. May we never, dear God, may we never think that we can go to heaven with that type of attitude. Search me, Lord Jesus. Begin with me. See if you find anything in me today, Lord, that displeases you. Search my mind, my soul, search my sermon notes, search me, Jesus. If there's anything in me that displeases you. Oh, I want wisdom. Yes, Lord. We've learned how important it is, but Father, I also want the nature, the love, the character. I wasn't able to get to it this morning, but in the Song of Solomon, when you relate to your wife, not one time do you call her an eagle, but you call her a dove over and over and over again. It's apparent we got a lot of eagles around the message, rippers of the beak. But how many doves do we have? Hallelujah. Lord, we want the dove to lead the lamb. We believe that's the call of this hour, Father, is that we become more and more and more like you. As I received a text from one of the brothers last week, and he said he began to wonder about himself because he was so changing and just kind of letting people get by with this and that and the other. And he said he didn't even have the words to express what the service had meant to him. Change us, Lord. Make us like you. Let the dove lead our lamb hearts. Anoint us, oh father. Oh yes. Give us courage. Give us strength. We'll withstand the devil. And whom we're called before the the the court or whatever more. May that wisdom be there to confound them, but not out of anger and not out of bitterness, but out of love. For the Bible tells us in the book of Hebrews that you were harmless, yet one day when you stood there and you spoke so hard that your disciples come back to you and say, "Lord, did you not know that the Pharisees were offended at you because you said this and that?" And you said every plant my heavenly father has not planted will be uprooted. And yet the Bible says you were blameless, harmless. So it shows us that we will still say harsh things sometimes, true things, especially ministers of the gospel, but we're not doing it out of human anger or to get back at people. But the spirit of God crying out for their souls. Help us, Jesus. &gt;&gt; We love you, Lord. &gt;&gt; We worship you, Lord. How many wants to be a lamb of God that the spirit of God can lead you? I was looking at it yesterday and the communication back and forth between the bride and the bridegroom there in the Song of Solomon. He tells her she has dove's eyes. So the Syrian dove, it wouldn't be even like our dove or like the the dove in in Israel. The Syrians, the Syrian dove's eyes is really big, really large, and the way it's set on the side of the head. And they say just looking at those eyes, they can be very captivating. And he said about her, you have dove's eyes. on over and a few chapters later, she finally grows in understanding and revelation herself and she turns and says to him, "You have dove eyes." So her eyes are matching his. She's seeing what he's seeing. She's relating the way he relates. God help us to have dove's eyes. &gt;&gt; And he calls her my dove, my love, my undefiled. And he says it over and over again. Not my eagle, not my scavenger, not my crow, but my dove. Oh, praise the Lord. How many like to be remembered today as we pray? How many wants to be a dove of God, a lamb of God, but yet you want wisdom? As Jesus said, be as wise as a serpent. We need that as well. Heavenly Father, we bow our heads to the dust of the earth. And if you tar long enough, all of us will go that way, back to the dust again. But Lord, while we're here in this slot of time, and we've dropped down in this little hickey, as it was, is what your prophet called it, a little loop of time. So time is still in this circle of eternity too, but it's like a little loop that drops down at the bottom. And that little loop began there when time began. Hallelujah. But we believe we're getting closer and closer to where prophecy will pull that little loop back up into the great circle of eternity. While we're in this loop, this is a hickey of time. We're getting our character. We're not here to make ourselves rich, famous. We're here, Lord, to take with us the only thing we can, our character, molded, shaped to be like you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for these words today. I know they've cut us and they've hurt us. But one day when we stand before you that day, I want to look behind me and see these saints of God standing there. When I have to present them before you, Lord, I don't want a one of them to walk up and point their finger in my face and say, "You hypocrite. You never told the truth. You picked easy words for us." But Lord God, I want them to come running up. We'll gather there with the rest of this this age and the prophet of God will present us to you as tokens of the message of the hour. Then each little each little church, each little group will be gathered there with their pastor. There the pastor will walk up and he'll answer for that flock. The evangelists will come of their influence. The great rewards will be handed out. Oh Jesus, I don't figure I'll get much of a reward. I ain't never been a reward person much anyhow. But Lord, if I can just hear these words, well done, a good and faithful servant, that's all I want. I don't even want no mansion. I don't want no great posterity in the kingdom of God. I just want to be there. Praise the Lord. and look behind me and see their young faces. Not an old one among us, not a baby among us, but all of us the same age. My brothers and the strength and the vitality of eternal youth. My sisters with one gray hair, without one wrinkle in their face, and never will be one and will enter into the paradise of God. It'll be worth all the hard sermons that we've heard. Lord, it'll be worth the struggles of the nature that we were born with. Father, I believe this is attainable or you'd never send it to us. We worship you today, Father, and I'm going to go ahead and praise you for it right now. Every elect seed that heard this today, and maybe some that not even in yet, they may go back and archive it later. Maybe they're drunk as a dog this morning. Don't even know who they are. But if they're yours, you'll find them and bring them in. Lord God, we'll give you praise at that day for that word because we were washed and loosed from our bitterness, loosed from our stubbornness, loose from our hissing and our poison in our mouths. Hallelujah. We traded out the hissing for couping. Praise God. We got rid of poison and we traded it out with scriptures that in our mouth were the words of life. We worship you today, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. Sing something for us, Harry. Children, don't leave this place today discouraged. Don't leave disheartened, but be encouraged. Maybe what you heard is 10,000 miles from where you currently are, but know that the Lord God sent it to you because he loves you. And somebody here is going to attain to it. &gt;&gt; You want it to be you. You sir. &gt;&gt; If I have a choice, I choose this. If I can choose bitterness or forgiveness, I choose forgiveness. &gt;&gt; If I can choose rat poison or a big map, I'll choose a big map. I ain't talking about for me. I'm talking about my enemy. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Is that what you choose? Amen. &gt;&gt; And let's walk out of here today when we depart this place with a determination greater than we've ever had in in our lives. I want to become what I'm hearing preached. &gt;&gt; I want to become what I'm hearing preached. &gt;&gt; And by God's grace, I will. It's my desire. &gt;&gt; It's my desire. &gt;&gt; Sing something for us. Let's just worship together now. &gt;&gt; Change my heart, oh God. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Let's just love him together now just a little bit before you go eat dinner. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Change my heart, oh God. God. Yes, Lord. May I be like &gt;&gt; May I be like you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's sing it together now, saints, with all of our hearts. Change my heart, oh God, make it ever, ever true. Oh my heart, oh God. Yes, Lord. Please Jesus, I'm not &gt;&gt; May I be like you. &gt;&gt; I'm not asking you for fame or fortune, but make me like you, Lord. &gt;&gt; You are the God. &gt;&gt; Sing it with all your hearts now. I am call me and make me. This is what I pray. What we pray. Lord, change my heart, oh God. &gt;&gt; Change me, please, Lord. Change me, Lord. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. Change. Thank you, Lord. May I be like you. Let's sing that chorus again, everybody. Now, praise the Lord. Change my heart. Change my heart, oh God. Change me, Lord. Make it the truth. Change my heart. Oh God, please Lord make me Lord. &gt;&gt; Make me like you. &gt;&gt; You are the potter. Oh you are the potter. I am ready. Oh, and this is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Let me move like you. Change my heart. Oh God, may I be like you again. Change my heart. Change my heart. Oh God, I forgive like you. Change my heart, oh God. Thank you, Lord. May I be like you. You are the potter. I am the clay. Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. Oh my father, I want to be like you. You are the per. I am the clay. Call me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. It's Jesus I really want to sing. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see. The more I see of this old world, the less it means to me. And it's Jesus I really want to see. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see in you and me. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see. The more I see of this old world, the less it means to me. And it's Jesus I really want to see. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see in you and me. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see. Oh, the more I see of this world, the less it means to me. And it's Jesus I really want to see. Oh. Oh, it's Jesus that I really want to see. Oh, it's Jesus. Oh, thank you. We really want us to see. The more I see this whole world, the less it means to me. is Jesus I really want to see. Oh, it's Jesus I really want to see in you and me. Oh, it's Jesus. I really suck in the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, the more I see me to me and it's Jesus I really want to see. I've been changed. I've been healed. Amen. Let's just sing the song as you're dismissed this morning. I've been changed, healed, delivered. Amen. Let's sing that as you go this morning. Oh, I've been changed, healed, free, delivered. I found joy, peace, grace, and favor. Oh, I've been changed. I've been healed, free, and delivered. Oh, I found joy, peace, grace, and favor. Oh, and right now, right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. I've been changed. changed and I've waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. All my shame, all my guilt and my sins, they've been forgiven. No more chains, no more fear. And my past is over. Oh, and right now, right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. I've been changed and I've waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by. No, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Before your presence came and changed me. No, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Before your presence came, changed me for all my shame. guilt sins. They've been forgiven. No more chains, no more fear. Oh, thank God my past is over. Oh, and right now, right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. I've been changed. And I've waited for this moment to pass. And I won't let me speak by I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. No, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. No, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
