################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-04 - Godliness Pt. 13 - 1426 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-04
Title:    Godliness  Pt. 13 - 1/4/26
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Word Of Life Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-jHqnMlihA
========================================

Description:
1/4/26
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Since I laid my burdens down in so much my burden. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, yes. I'm feeling so much better. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's stand to our feet and sing it to him this morning. Glory, glory. Well, glory, glory. It's hallelujah. inside my heavy burden. &gt;&gt; Oh, praise the Lord. Yes. Glory. Glory. It's hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. I'm going home to be with my Jesus. Since I laid my burden, looking forward to that day. I'm going home to live with Jesus. Praise the Lord. Sing that chorus one more time. Yes. His glory. Glory. Oh hallelujah. Since I laid. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord. My burdens down. Oh glory. Glory. It's hallelujah since I lay my burdens down. Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Well, isn't it good to be in the house of God? &gt;&gt; Look at your neighbor and tell them you're glad to see him this morning. What a privilege it is to be in the house of the Lord. Glad you're here today. If we have any visitors with us in the service, we want to welcome you. So glad to have each and every one of you here. All of our streamers locally and around the world, we want to say God bless those folks as well. Could we give all those people a real good hand this morning if you will? Praise the Lord. If you will just remain standing, we're going to look at our request uh this morning. uh want to have a special prayer for sister Shirley Robbins in a lot of pain today. We're asking that uh the Lord would touch her. Laura Alcanter requests a special prayer for her son JC. I want to remember that prayer request as we pray today. Sister Ruth Louise Jax is asking for prayer for a special situation the Lord knows all about. Rick Fiser says that his mother has taken the flu and ended up in the intensive care unit. Please pray for her today. So, we want to remember that re request. Brother Randy Walton is seeking prayer for Elijah. Has a fever and a stomach virus. So, let's remember that prayer request as we pray today. Uh, Sister Linda Loris is swelling in her left uh leg. Can hardly walk. We'll remember her today as we pray. And, uh, Brother Randy Scott's asking for prayer, just dealing with the situation. He just needs he needs us to pray that the Lord would just help him and give him grace to overcome whatever he's looking at today. Vetta Collins unable to be in this service today, not feeling well. We want to remember that. And got a little testimony this morning. Uh as you many of you might know, some of you may not, but Bernie, my brother-in-law, Bernie Young, just uh received a real miracle from the Lord this past week. He had to go to the ER twice in one day and his blood pressure was uh almost 300 over 150 something to that effect and uh prayer was made. He's sitting here in this service this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I want to thank the Lord for that that God was was mindful of him, touched him. And we want to welcome to the service this morning, Brother Harvey and Sister Shirley Lustford right over here. Give them a hand this morning. And we have a card of thanks. Thank you so much for all the food, cards, text, most of all for your prayers. We love and appreciate you all so very much. May God bless you, Brother Harvey and Sister Shirley. Well, we want we we want you to know that we we favor you a little bit too, Brother Harvey and Sister Shirley. real real good people. We love them, don't we? Amen. Brother Jim Douly from Canada, they stream our services. He wanted me to be sure and greet all you folks, tell you that he loves you, wants to see us as soon as possible. So, let's remember that. And I've got a a note here. Sister Janet Payne on her way to church this morning uh received received a call that her son Bryant had suddenly passed away. And uh she's here in service today. But before before he passed, uh him of the Lord had a good relationship. &gt;&gt; And Sister Janice said he was preaching to people about the grace of God, the goodness of God, testifying what a way to leave this old world, &gt;&gt; having peace in your heart toward God and telling somebody else about Jesus. Sister Janet, we were praying for you. God will get you through this. We believe that, don't we? Give the Lord one more good hand clap. Amen. Praise the Lord. All the unspoken prayer requests. I know there's tremendous needs in our group today. If you have a need you'd like for us to remember, we just commit all these things unto the Lord. Let's sing that together one more time. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens ever with you, get ready to pray over the request this morning. Oh, glory, glory. It's hallelujah since I laid my burdens down. Yes. Glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down, we appreciate this guy right here, too, don't we? Love you, buddy. Let's pray. Jesus, thank you once again for this opportunity to be here with you and with each other. We're just so thankful for everything that you've done for us. I just want to acknowledge you and in all that you that you work from the from both ends and in every situation that we're going through. Lord, we know there's so many serious requests that have been read today, Lord. And we're thankful for the testimonies and to know that many of these all of these will be future testimonies and we're praying for Sister Janet in her time of loss. Lord, we're just pray that you'd uplift her, Lord, and and comfort her. I pray that you would just be with us in the rest of this service. Let every song and every every portion of it be to your glory and so that we can know you in a way that helps us to worship you and and serve you better. We thank you and we dedicate the rest of this service and our lives to you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ushers, if you'd like to come at this time, receive the morning tithe and offering you. Give us unto the Lord. Once again, if you're visiting, God bless you. We're so glad to have you this morning. We want this service to just be a special blessing to you today. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Give him one more good hand clap of praise this morning. All my hope is Jesus. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God our yesterday's gone and all my sins are forgiven. Thank you, Lord. I've been washed by the blood. Sing that chorus again if you will. Yes. Sing it with all your heart. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Brother Jordan, if you come on. Sister Sarah, you come on. Oh, and I been washed by the blood. I've been healed by the Savior. Oh, I felt fire from above. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I've been down to the river. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I ain't the same. A prodigal has returned. Oh, and all my hope it's in Jesus. Thank God. All my yesterday, it's gone. Oh, my sins are forgiven. I been washed by the blood. I'm no stranger to a prison. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want shackles and chains. &gt;&gt; Oh, haven't we all? Haven't we all? I've been forgiven. Sing it to him, church. I'm not going back. I'll never be the same. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes. And all my hope is in Jesus. Thank God our yesterday is gone. And all my sins are forgiven. I' been washed by the blood. There's a kind of thing that breaks a man. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Oh, breaks him down to his knees. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I've been broken more than the time of Jes. Then he pick me up and show me what it means to be a man. That's why I sing that song. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God. All my yesterday are gone. Oh, my sins are washed by the blood. Hallelujah. Give the Lord one more good hand as you're seated today. Praise the Lord. We got actually got four songs this morning. We're going to be able to work daily in. And I do believe Brother Jordan, Brother Paul, Sister Harry, Brother Phillip, and the trio. Now, this is their last service for with with us for a little while, but probably Brother Phillip and the trio don't know. We may just go ahead and fill out adoption papers on you. Just keep them. Would you like to just keep them? &gt;&gt; God bless you, brother Philip. Amen. Certainly appreciate those folks. They've been a blessing to us while they've been here. Give our singers a real good hand this morning if you will. When life lets you down and you feel more broken than whole. When the wounds go deeper than words and you can't tell a soul. I may not know what you're going through. May not can make that high mountain move. But one thing I found that I really want you to know, if it matters to you, it matters to the master. He wants to share the burdens you bear. Whisper peace when your world gets shattered. If it's your greatest joy or your deepest pain or you're really needing an answer, if it matters to you, it matters to the master. Friend, do you think the maker and giver of life is far too busy to care about your trouble and strife? He sees the sparrow that falls to the ground and hears the tears that don't make a sound. If you only knew how precious you are inside. If it matters to you, it matters to the master. He wants to share the burdens you bear. Whisper peace when your world needs shatter. If it's your biggest joy or your deepest pain or you're really needing an answer, if it matters to you, it matters to the master. Joy is joy or your deepest pain or you're really needing an answer. If it matters to you, it doesn't only matter to you. If it matters to you, it matters to the master. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful? &gt;&gt; Amen. And you may think you're so small, but his eyes on the sparrow. He's definitely his eyes are on us. We all know this song. And I was trying to think of a song to sing this morning. And after I heard about Sister Janet, I was like, you know what? We're all longing for B land. So y'all just sing it with me. I'm kind of whole sick for that country to which I've never been before. No sad goodbye will there be spoken for time won't matter anymore. Oh, you longing for you. And someday someday I'll stand where my home shall be. Oh, you sweet. I'm looking now across that river to where my faith will end inside. There's just a few more days to labor and then I'll take my heaven. I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll stand where my heart shall be true. You sweep you away. Second verse again. I'm looking now across that river to where my faith will end inside. There's just a few more days to labor and then I'll take my heavenly father. Oh, you I for you. And someday holy I'll stand where my heart shall be to You sweet new Certainly longing for that day we all be together. No more pain, no more sickness, no more sorrow. Just together for eternity. Amen. just want to say it's been such a blessing for us to have been here and worship the Lord together and we appreciate all that um the hospitality and we just continue to pray for you all and that God will continue to use you for his honor and his glory. Amen. Thank you. God bless you. He promised us that he would be a counelor, a mighty God and the prince of peace. He promised us that he would be our father and that he would love us with a love that would not cease. Well, I tried him and I found his promises are true. He is everything he said that he would be. kindest words I know could not begin to tell just what Jesus really means to me. for he's more wonderful in my life and conceive is more wonderful in my heart. He holds me. My is everything that my soul ever long for. Everything he's promised has so much more. More than amazing, more than could ever be. He's more than wonderful. That's what Jesus is to me. I stand amazed to think the King of glory would come to live within the heart of man. I marvel just to know he really loves me when I think of who he is and who I am. For he's more wonderful when my mind can see. He's more wonderful. My heart can see. He goes beyond. My is where my soul ever long for everything pro more than amazing, more than marvelous, more could be. He's more than wonderful. That's what Jesus is to me. for wonderful my wonderful my heart can believe he goes beyond my I dream everything that my soul everything is pro and so Whatever crazy will ever be. He's more than wonderful. That's what Jesus is to me. Amen. Hallelujah. You Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's amazing to me now that music is written in harmony. And if we could make our lives so harmonized as musicians can do. Some of his brothers practiced together, but the most of the rest of us didn't practice together. We didn't know what chords they was doing, what songs they were doing. But because we were musicians and talented in our own way, were able to harmonize together. Wouldn't have been sympathy playing one song, Harry's playing another one, and I was playing another one. But it's so sad. That's the way a lot of folks do in life. God's got the sheet music out in front of us and he just wants each of us to get on our part and we're all playing the same song. &gt;&gt; I just told you who's going in the rapture. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; many folks miss it. They miss the music sheet. They miss it and they think, "Well, I think we ought to be playing this." And somebody said, "That ain't what we're playing. It's the wrong time for that. Noah played that. &gt;&gt; Somebody said, "No, we ought to be playing this." And said, Somebody said, "No, that's the wrong one. Moses already played that part." &gt;&gt; Well, we should be doing what Luther said. No, we've done move beyond into that part. And then some say, "Well, glory to God. We got to have a move of God among us. We got to repeat Pentecost." But I hear the prophets say, "No, it's don't mix up with Pentecostalism." Now, we want true Pentecost, &gt;&gt; but I don't want that ism &gt;&gt; because that ism is a wisdom. &gt;&gt; It's not current. &gt;&gt; If every one of us can find our lives on the music sheet and play right out &gt;&gt; and it will happen. I don't know that I'll ever forget it, but the Lord gave me a sermon many years ago and one of the places I preached it, Brother Dave Swanson, uh was there, I think in Edmonton at a convention that we had, and u it was a divine symphony and I was back in a room. It was an auditorium type thing and and I went to pilfering through the closets there and I found a a wooden hanger. So whenever I stepped out to the pulpit, had my Bible, but also had this piece of a wooden hanger. So, I tapped on the desk and started like I knew what I was doing. I really didn't, but they thought I did. But I'll tell you one thing. Whenever it comes to the spirit of God, we sure want to know what we're playing, don't we? &gt;&gt; We greet you today. Isn't it wonderful to be in the house for the Lord? &gt;&gt; I want to thank all these singers, special musicians, and stuff. It was such a blessing to us. Let's turn, if you would, to second Peter today. Chapter 1. Also, Caroline, I want to thank you all for your nice Christmas cards and gift cards and all those things that you sent. Some people sent fruit for us and different things that you did. We want you to know we appreciate that with all of our hearts. May the Lord bless you. All them cards with your family photos on them. Carol gets them and puts them in a file. And u we've been noticing though that y'all have been getting older from each year, one year to another. And she and I are trying to figure out how is everybody in the church getting older but us. I mean, we're just we're feeling so sorry for you all that it's Well, they say age is just a number, I guess, ain't it, Brother Phillip? That's what they say. So, but we're 69 or 59 or 49 or whatever you are going on 18. Yeah, &gt;&gt; science can't do that, but our heavenly father can. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Let's uh read together today. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness. Through the knowledge of him that has called us to glory and virtue, whereby given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness, brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness, charity. How many would like to be remembered today as we pray? Heavenly Father, as we count it such a privilege that we can be gathered together again in this place that you've given us, Lord, dear God, we never want our church to be a memorial of what you used to do. We never want it to be a place to where we just have form and fashion and ritual, but we always want your presence to be here. For Lord, form won't heal the sick. Fashion won't change people's lives. Even Even just reading the scripture itself won't do it unless it's quickened. So, we're needing you today, Father. You saw the hundreds of hands that were uplifted. You knew the need that was signified as they raised their hand. You knew it before the foundation of the world. And we're just praying today for each of them. Lord, I pray that you'd help me. No doubt I'm the most needy person in the building. to have to stand before these people today and bring something that will help them. Only you can custom fit a sermon that would be able to meet every need of every hungry heart. Help me, Lord God, to get out of the way. Shut my mouth to anything that would displease you. Lord, help me to follow your leading. Lord, you see this prayer cost I have in my hand today. And I pray that you'd be mindful of this need. Lord, we also just want to mention our sister Janet Payne today. Father, you see her her son and all that they've been through this week. And Lord, than him passing this morning and that our sister Janet wanted to be in church, she wanted to be here with us today. And we just pray that you'd strengthen our sister just from hearing what you've done for her son this week. We are so grateful. Once again, we see the hand of God in mercy. You want people to be saved so bad. And the scripture tells us, "It's not your will that any should perish." May we feel the same way about the lost, Lord. May we not draw lines and cut people in and cut others out. May our hearts be open, dear God, that you can save the lost. Some may never be bride, but they'll be saved to have eternal life. What is that worth? Help us our prayer today, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus. And the saints said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you saints. So, so good to see each of you in the visions that are with us today. We welcome you. You may be seated. As we have been looking at these virtues that God has given uh so many many years ago when Peter began to write it and no doubt the church as they got this epistle and they begin to read it and try to comprehend Peter as far as being a traveler, he was not a traveler the way that Paul was. He went to Babylon, went to mainly Judea, Jerusalem, Capernium, different places like that. So Peter wasn't able to go around and to be able to explain all these words that he meant. May have preached this in one place. who knows if he even got to preach it at all because this is coming close to the end of his life when he writes this which I find to be a phenomenal thing because Peter probably couldn't have written these things by experience not by revelation he could have he could have wrote them but he couldn't have written it by experience until years later in his life when he finally had grown up and become more mature. I love Peter. I I love him because he's the type of a guy that a lot of us are like, you know, made a lot of mistakes, a lot of shortcomings, and yet the Lord didn't trash him just because he messed up in life. But Peter was able to by the spirit of God catch the inspiration for it. And not only that, but to be able to live it. You've heard brother Bam said over and over again, don't just preach me a sermon, but live me one. To me, that's the only kind, if I was a sheep, that's the only kind of a pastor that I could sit under. Was not just a man that preached well. And he might have done great signs and wonders and all that's good. We believe in that. But if he's not living what he's preaching himself, I find it hard to have confidence in that. And I find it hard to be corrected by a man that's not even living what he's preaching. Y'all feel the same way? &gt;&gt; So Peter would have had a, you know, difficult time himself. But whenever people could no doubt in that day see this manifested in his life, it had such an impact upon those that was able to know him. Now remember, as far as fame, as we would say, he was quite a famous person. So in the first century, he'd have been one of great notoriety, of great spiritual admiration that the people would have had for him. And rightly so, because he had personal stories about the Lord Jesus that he's able to say that nobody else could say. But it wasn't going to be those stories because when you read about some of these men, it was not them that even wrote the stories about theirel. So Peter never gave an autobiography or an autobiography of someone else writing it about him. But he spent the time that he did write about the grace of God, the mercy of God, the virtues of God, which I love that myself. And these men did not write about themsel. And it wasn't well I saw this and I did that. I went there and I went over there and I preached this and I preached that. That wasn't what the Lord inspired them to to write about. So whenever we can see that God anointed this man to be able to write about these things that apparently the spirit of God felt was so imperative. So it's not like an option on your car. What do you want power windows or crank windows? Do you want you know air condition or no air condition? But this is an absolute requirement for the rapture which means we've all here got to have it. Right? &gt;&gt; I want it myself. Now then Paul would come in the same way. And remember now they're writing under the influence of the divine nature themsel. So they're not just theologians are standing there trying to go through all the Greek and the Aramaic words and you know rightly divide this and that and the other by human intellect, but they're writing this and living this out by the power of what Paul what Peter call the divine nature. Paul picks it up and writes about it a little bit different but the same thing. Now let's read again if you would today in Philippians chapter 2:14. Uh so godliness means to be like God. So God heals the sick, then we're going to do the same. God raises the dead, we'll do the same. We want to be like God. But it's not just in works alone that will bring this godliness, but it will be of character that we live by this divine nature inside of our soul. It comes out automatic. It's just as automatic as it can be. Now watch. Paul says in Philippians 2:14, "Do all things without murmurings and disputings." Do all things without murmurings. And the meaning of this word is quite phenomenal because it's not necessarily vocalizing your complaint. It's keeping your complaint within yourself and you're murmuring about what you have to do. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. I thought this would be a good verse to start out with this morning. So, do all things without murmurings and disputings, which is arguing and fussing and things like that. Now, notice he he writes this and then he he writes that to lead in to verse 15, that you may be blameless. How many wants to be blameless? So do all things without murmurings and disputings that you may be blameless. So the word blameless is without reproach. Now it's above reproach where people cannot censure your life and say that man's a liar. That woman, she does this and that man and that man and that woman. And they're not talking rumors and gossip, but they're actually talking the truth. Now friend, what good does it do us to talk about the thunders and the seals and all of that if we don't live what the Bible tells us to live? How many believes these scriptures are still needful for us as the saints of God? Absolutely. Do all things without murmurings and disputings that you may be blameless. So your life is going to be above blame. So people cannot point their finger at you and say that man drinks. That man runs around with somebody else's wife. Well, that man's a flirter. That woman does this and what that woman does that. Now, people can say all kinds of things. But if they're saying it and it's true, then you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Praise the Lord. That you may be blameless. Now, he also ties in another powerful word and harmless. Blameless and harmless. Look at the meaning of this word. unmixed, pure as in wines or metals without a mixture of evil. And I thought this one word was just amazing. Hornless. Hornless. So it means you're not a billygoat ramming people. &gt;&gt; No horns. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many wants to be hornless? Now, think about it. What this means to be harmless? Harmless. So, what are we talking about? We're talking about people that are more than just save people. More than people that just go to church on the occasion, pay their tithes, they help the widow, they help the poor. But they are people that have something so supernatural has happened to their life that many of them had horns prior to the new births but something happened to them by a change of their nature and they have been rendered hornless. So they don't go around pushing everybody with their horns. They don't go around like a billy goat butting everybody and hitting them and and trying to injure people. It's not even in their nature to be injurous to others whether in property or person. Now watch. He said that you may be blameless and harmless. So you're going to be without a mixture of evil, hornless or sincere. without mixture of deceit or guile. So in other words, you will not have this capability by divine nature to be sweet and gentle and kind to the people that are sweet and gentle and kind to you. And then you have this other part inside of you which is guile and wrath and bitterness. And you reserve that to those who aren't kind to you. No, as a matter of fact, if we ever arrive to this state, we'll actually be that way to everybody, &gt;&gt; whether they're kind to us or not. Well, I can certainly love this man because he's so nice to me. No, that's not it. You would love that person who would kill you if they had the opportunity. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm talking about rapture material this morning. I ain't just talking about message people. Some of the worst people I've ever dealt with in my life are so-called message people. Now, I'm not saying now because they're bad now that that's their destiny. But I'm saying if we don't get changed, we ain't going in no rapture. I don't care how long your hair is. I don't care, brothers. You may be so godly and so whatever on the outside, but this is something that comes from the inside out. And without it, we're not the bride of Christ. &gt;&gt; Well, preach, Brother Donnie. Now, I can preach an amen, too. But it's certainly a lot easier if y'all help me. &gt;&gt; And if you can't say amen, say, "Oh, me or ouch," or "God, help us all." At least I know you're alive. Now, notice that you may be blameless and harmless. Now, notice that he uses these great adjectives that we don't murmur and we don't complain about what we're supposed to do without disputings. So, we don't argue about it. And then we're blameless and we're harmless. And after these things are manifesting themselves in our lives, then we get the great title of sons &gt;&gt; of God. &gt;&gt; Notice the order of the scripture. that you may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, censure, a judgment against you, which is true in reality, that we may be without rebuke in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world. So we're talking about an absolute miracle then because we cannot help the nature we receive from our parents or our our just our our air that we got from them. Oh goodness some of the things we got from our family was absolutely awesome. Other things not so much. some of our temperament, you know, whatever that we receive. But can you imagine a person that comes through the process of the new birth and they wind up being blameless and they wind up being harmless. They do not have the capability in their soul to harm &gt;&gt; one person. It's not in them. It's totally not in them to harm anybody. &gt;&gt; Y'all want me to go on or you want me to dismiss and let you go eat dinner? &gt;&gt; All right. You asked for it. &gt;&gt; Harmless. that is that we can appear to be harmless but not not just appear to be harmless but we actually are harmless in our nature. So where we going to get this from Christ Jesus our husband. And remember it's not in us to be like this. And you know gentile people just like I do. But yet you you be around them long enough and you'll find something that pushes their buttons as we say. You'll find something that just gets under their skin. And boy, I'll tell you what, they'll give you a piece of your mind. Well, mine's so scattered anymore. I figure I better keep all of mine. And I figure you better, too. Now notice since so there's no ability in the nature to be injurous to any person. So you do not devise evil. You do not think of ways by which you can get back at people and sat around and ponder in your mind, I'm going to get them. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. No, it it's just absolutely not in your soul. Now in your flesh, yeah, that's a different story. And that's where your battle will be. Amen. So you're a new creation in the same old temple. So the new nature does not have the ability be to be injurous. It does not have the ability to devise evil. But the flesh can still give you pointers on how to get back at folks. And you will do which one is dominating your life, which is your choice. &gt;&gt; That's right. Now the idea is that these people would live this simple godly holy life without guile. They have no guile. They are not a crow. They are not, you know, one of these birds that can be able to eat grain and then be able to eat meat. Now notice they are not a scavenger. And we know that there's many types in the Bible that type God's people. Always been. There's in the animal kingdom and the botany life and all types of things. And we know that an eagle is a great great type for the message and the prophet messenger and all of that. But let's not leave out another bird which is also a type of us, the dove. Now the dove has no guile and the eagle is a ripper of the beak with a beak. But do you know that an eagle can also prey on other birds? &gt;&gt; Do you know that an eagle prays? Without prey, he cannot survive. I've seen it, friends, and you have as well, that many of the folks in the message, they very well display the attributes of an eagle. They rip with a beak. They tear. They destroy. They actually get pleasure out of running people down and hurting people. Preachers do, too. &gt;&gt; And do you realize you've ne never yet come to the full baptism of the Holy Ghost? If that's in you this morning, &gt;&gt; I don't care if you preached for 130 years. &gt;&gt; There's preachers around this message that don't have the Holy Ghost either. It's evident. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Well, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now the real nature that God wants us to have. Notice in Proverbs 3:29, devise not evil. So this is contemplate, think about, devise not evil against thy neighbor, seeing he dwelleth securely by thee. Proverbs 14:22. Do they not heir that devise evil? But mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good. Now remember, it was the nature of the scribes, the Pharisees, the the Herodians, the Essenes, and the lawyers, and the days of the Lord Jesus. It was their nature to try to pick his words. It was their nature to send people out that would go hear him preach, but they didn't go for any good. They only went that they might catch him in his words. Now that tells you a lot about folks who've left the message and the type of attitude they get under as well. So Christians then their goal is to be blameless and harmless as the sons and daughters of God. Now notice the Lord Jesus in Matthew 10:1 16. Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves. And you say, "What? Lord Jesus, why would you do this?" Now remember this is Matthew 10. when the Lord Jesus is sending the apostles out two by two. But this scripture does not just end with the application of it to the apostles, but it's going to be carried on right on down through the church ages. And it's apparent that it's evident in the age that we live in. So, but we can take hope and courage to know that who sent them out was the Lord Jesus. So, if he sent them out, he sent them out with a divine purpose and also give them divine protection. So there's comfort in that part of it. Now listen to his words. Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves. Sheep in the midst of wolves. Why in the world would he do that? Because there's still some sheep in there amongst them wolves that are currently acting like wolves, but they just don't know it yet. But they're actually going to be sheep after a while. So you've got to send the sheep among the wolves sometimes in order to get more sheep's attention so they can see sheep life, sheep nature, sheep demonstration. And when they see that that within itself, the seed passing through the body, then it births them out of that wolf chaos that they were born in. And then it turns them and transforms them into sheep as well. That's my that's our master. That's what he does. Now notice then that he said I send you out as sheep among wolves defenseless. When the prophet talked about the sheep, he said, "A dog can bark. A squirrel can climb up a tree. A rabbit can run. And what defense does a sheep have? None. So you want me to tell you how close you are to God? Let me see how you react in your trials and under duress and stress &gt;&gt; and let me watch your defense. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you where you are with God. &gt;&gt; So if you automatically go right into anger and boy, I'll tell you one thing. I'll get on the phone and I I'll tell you right there, you need more God. &gt;&gt; Cuz the sheep nature is totally defenseless. There's no way, friends, for us as sheep to constantly be thinking about myself and my rights. They shouldn't do that to me. It ain't right. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; My my. Now, I'm going to send you as sheep among wolves, and you're not going to have one defense in yourself. You will be totally defenseless. There will be times that you will feel like you're going to lose your mind. You're being so uh h oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oppressed by the enemy and by people and you don't know what to do. Some of you that feel that way and you're scared to death. You ought to be so happy you just about dance around the devil's camp a little bit because you know what? It's a sign you're a sheep. &gt;&gt; You're a sheep. If you've got a personal defense for everything that everybody does for you, I worry about you. If you've got a defense for everything that comes against you in your flesh, you're still living after the carnal man. But the real sign of a sheep is sometimes they don't know what to do. They don't know which way to go. They don't know what to do this, that, and they say, "Oh Lord, I don't know what to do." And he said, "I do. I'm your shepherd. Come to me." Amen. Come to me. Don't try to do it yourself. Don't get on Facebook and do it this way and that way and that way. You understand what people are doing in the age that we live by social media. They're taking their own battles into their own hands and they're trying to fight it this way or this way with their thumbs and you're forfeiting help from Almighty God. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; So go out there amongst them. They're dangerous. They hate you. They'll want to kill you. They'll want to destroy you. But I'm sending you defenseless, helpless. You can't bite them. You can't kick them. You can't climb up a tree. You're a sheep. You're not a squirrel. You're defenseless. humanly. But don't worry, you've got help. And I will send you out in offensive. You will not go out and I'll tell you one thing. I'll do this and I'll do that. No, you'll be inoffensive yourself and totally harmless. Can you imagine a little baby being absolutely totally harmless and indefensive of its own rights, its own life. It's only when it goes to growing up and it's sad really when we see our kids. I've seen some of our youth as they're growing up physically, you know, psychologically and you you listen to their their terms as they're talking and you can tell they're getting further along in their education and things like that. And we're we're supposed to do that. We know. But there's always an element of maturing that you see they lose and and they you know some of them can lose a little bit of of love and they can lose a little bit of insensitivity. And one thing that always bothers me is whenever we see our youth and they're coming out of a dispensation which was the first one that man was in and it's called the dispensation of innocence. So the more they're exposed to the world and the more they're exposed to social media and the more they're exposed to television and all kinds of garbage and filth then they don't realize it and maybe you don't as parents but it's eroding part of that innocence that innocence that they have. But you understand what the new birth does. It actually reverts you back to the first dispensation that man was ever in. Innocence. innocence to where you don't learn. You don't learn how to get even. You don't learn. It's it's not even in you to think that way. It's so sad whenever we can see that our youth and you know you watch them of their behavior and things that are happening in their lives and they have to learn to deal with it. We can only homeschool them for so far. We can only home this and home that. Then we got to push them out in the world. Let their light so shine. Is that right? And yet at the same time, we know that it takes the spirit of God to do this work in them. Notice Jesus goes on to say, "Beware, Matthew 7:15, of false prophets which come to you and sheep's clothing." Now, you not only will encounter the wolves of the world, which don't even profess any Christianity at all. uh they just they don't even believe there is a God. Scientific research and all that, that's the only thing they know. That's where their faith is. That's where their trust is. And you will meet wolves that will be infidels, agnostics, unbelievers. But them wolves are not near as dangerous as religious wolves. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now them wolves will come to you without sheep clothes on. But these wolves, beware of false prophets, religious people, beware of false prophets which come to you in sheep's clothing. Look at the meaning of the word clothing. Raymond garment clothing cloak an outer garment. So this wolf gets him a sheep's costume. He pulls it up on this leg. Then he puts this foot this leg pulls it up like this. Pulls it all over around him. Then he reaches down here and gets the zipper. And remember, he ain't got on just sheep's clothing from feet up to the neck level. He's also got a sheep's head. &gt;&gt; So, he's going to be so covered up that it will take the spirit of God to help you to be able to know the difference. Now, because this is a costume, no doubt he saturated it and soaked it in sheep smell because if he come up smelling like a wolf, now the sheep has that sensitivity in its nose and it would be able to pick up that odor because as a little bitty old thing, its mom and daddy begin to teach it about that. So, it just didn't look at it, but it smelled. And when it smelled, it went into its nostrils which releases like an endorphin in its body and it produces fear and it goes to shaking and trembling. The smell does that. So this this creature now here he come. So he gets in the flock. Where y'all going today? Oh, we're going to uh Kabas for lunch. Can I go with you? I want fellowship. &gt;&gt; Oh, sure, brother. Glory to God. You smell like us. Your nose is like ours. Your ears are like ours. Your eyes are like ours. Because the costume is so deceiving. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. But you know, a real sheep don't have a zipper. &gt;&gt; Cuz he's reflecting what he is from the inside out. So a sheep don't have to put on a costume. &gt;&gt; He bears wool. &gt;&gt; He bears wool by nature. Now notice then Jesus says, "But inwardly, inwardly they are ravening wolves." And a ravener ravening is extortioner, rapacious or a robber. So they are a robber, but actually they are a wolf in sheep's clothing. Now this don't have to be limited of course just to preachers because it can be somebody that you made at work. It can be somebody that you hook up with at school, whatever. And the devil wants to start them to influence you. Oh, I'm hungry for scriptures in the Bible. Oh, okay. Let's let's talk about the Bible. And then then you don't even realize it. You've let your guard down because they go to talking about the Bible. Oh yeah, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's talk about the Bible. And the next thing you know, they're questioning you about what you believe and what church you go to. Where do you go? Word of Life Church, Oklahoma. Oh, is that that one church? That one crazy preacher. I I seen his picture in the newspaper not long ago, didn't I? Well, not that one that was on YouTube. Oh, Lord have mercy. Don't tell me y'all are in that cult thing. Are you Do you go to that skirt church? Oh my goodness. Honey, God have mercy on your poor soul. You need to talk to my pastor. You need to talk to my grandma. You need to talk to my &gt;&gt; You better be careful, Little Red Riding Hood. Notice Acts 20 29 that Paul now he knew this was coming and he said for I know this that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you not sparing the flock. Now he said also of your own selves of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse things. And this is the reason why they do it to draw away disciples after them. So these wolves then that Paul is referring to is no doubt preachers. God knows we've certainly had them, haven't we? Down through the ages. And it's always been and it always will be. So these are enemies of the gospel, the message of the hour. And as wolves have this inclination in them to kill sheep. Now, you know, it's amazing how that a wolf itself can be able to tell that and they're they're able apparently it's something that they watch and observe from little pups themselves and their parents will bring them this this sheep and that the taste of it in their mouth and they develop it. As they get older, they start watching. They lay down and they watch mama and daddy hunt. And his mama gets out there and they see the sheep. And then when the wolf goes right toward it, the little sheep just kind of humps up like this and he just stands there and quivers and shake. And then he may take off running, but he'll delay. And that delay cost him his life. And he'll wait for a few minutes. And then when he does, the wolf can way outrun him. And not only by speed, but also by its ability and its agility to run for miles and miles and miles. A wolf can run an elk. An elk can fly as far as his feet. But one thing that the wolf will have, he can stay behind him uh for 1,000 yards and keep him inside. And he's got a plan in mind. Keep right on running. That elk with that, 1100 lb of weight, he just going and pushing and charging. After a while, you see his tongue hanging out of his mouth. He can't hardly breathe. He can't hardly go. And the wolf just keeps right on. You know why? He's pacing himself. He's pacing himself. That's the way he does to us with trials and tests of life. And so get away from me, devil. Get away from me, devil. Boy, you take off running. You're like the roadrunner. Beep beep. Here I come. Get out of my way, devil. And now, yeah, I've got him. Hallelujah. I've got him today. But that was just today. And remember, tomorrow he'll be at you again. And the next day, he'll be at you again because he's looking at the long hall. He's looking at long term because he's dealt with Christians for thousands of years. And he knows one of the ways to get them is keep hammering them day after day. Stress, trial, sickness, trouble, tribulation. Come on, church. And yet he knows, oh yeah, they're all right. They're doing good. Day five, day seven, day nine, day 10. Yeah, they're doing really good. But what I'm longing for is day 14 when I'll watch them begin to break and their tongue hanging out of their mouth and they start missing church and they quit reading their Bible and they don't have a prayer life no more. Preach, Brother Donnie. And then what's he doing? You say, "Oh, I I'm doing okay. I'm doing okay." Uh-huh. You're like a little boy walking through the graveyard. You're scared to death. That's what's the matter with you. And the devil notices it and he watches you as you're begin to break and he knows, "Yeah, all right. Day 14, it's working. Day 15, day 16, just keep on going." And eventually you get to where you but you're so caught up in your breathing them tracks are moving in the soft snow and before you know it he's jumped on your back, lunged around your neck and got your jugular in between his jaws. Oh my. And the Lord Jesus knew it would be this way. &gt;&gt; But he says, "You're going to be totally defenseless on your own, but if you'll let me come in you, hallelujah, you and I together are a team. And I and you will be greater than any match for anything hell can ever produce." &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, notice Jesus as he gives us, this is amazing to me, the analogy of what we're to do and how we're to handle this type of a scenario. Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves. Be ye therefore wise as serpents. Why would we want anything to do with a snake? &gt;&gt; What about us is snake like? Be ye therefore as wise, notice, not slithering, not stealthy, &gt;&gt; but wise as serpents. and what a strange combination and as harmless as doves. Now don't be tempered like an old copper head. Any of you that's ever dealt with copperhead boy I'm saying what they're mean on the devil. At least a rattlesnake will warn you a side winder eastern western diamond back whatever they are. At least they're going to give you a little rattle on you. Hear that? You better head out. But not the copperhead. The copper head will wait. The moccasin will wait, the black mamba, many of them. And yet the Lord Jesus would tell us to get something that the serpent has wisdom. Some of y'all are looking the way I looked a few days ago when I found this scripture. And I thought, Lord, are you kidding me? &gt;&gt; I'm supposed to have something. And after I begin to study this, I realized in my life's journey for years, I've been so concentrated on dove nature, dove sold that there are times, no doubt in my mind, I have not had the wisdom of a serpent. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, hang with me. It'll make more sense after a while. Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves. Be ye therefore wise as serpents and harmless as dove. So, what is it then about a serpent that the Lord Jesus would want us to have? Well, a serpent is it's prudent. It's discreet &gt;&gt; and one of the fastest animals that there is and subtly to be able to escape harm and danger because you see him and then once he sees you see him he's gone. How many's ever run across one before and after you woke up from passing out I mean you looked around the snake was gone right? I don't like any of them. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. If you're a serpent lover, you know, that's it's up to you. I don't like any of them. To me, they all can cause heart attacks. &gt;&gt; I don't care what color they are, what size they are, and I might be able to handle one that long. I like to think about that one. But, you know, there was something about it. Why would the Lord Jesus bring two contrary natures and say that this is what his sheep children must have? They've got to be wise. as serpents and then you look at them and say well what is it about a snake that would even be wise. So no animal can be able to mimic mimic them and the rapidity by which rapid that they are able to get out of the presence when they feel danger. And a lot of them even though you may not think it they really don't want trouble. &gt;&gt; They really don't. You're standing there with a 22 in your pocket. You think they're going to attack you with that? Or bigger than that. You got a 9 mm and you think they're You've got a grubbing hoe. A mad up for you Tennessee people. You've got a gooseeneck hole in your hand. You think that snake will say, "Come on, boy. Come on. I'm here to that snake ain't that dumb." &gt;&gt; I wonder sometimes if a lot of the trouble that we got into ourselves as Christians, it's because we lacked this wisdom. Praise the Lord. When I was studying on this, I looked in the Bible, of course, as as well as and I looked in the message and I found with the prophet talking about us being wise as serpents and as harmless as doves. And he was talking about us witnessing to other people and talking to them about the Lord. And he said, don't get out there now and just, you know, basically, let me let me paraphrase it to you that don't get out there and just try to cram it down their throat and just jump on them. And immediately he said, "But we as wise as a serpent." And this was his example. If they're a farmer, talk to him about farming. &gt;&gt; Talk to him about fishing. &gt;&gt; So you see, it's it's not just, "Hey, have you heard God sent a prophet?" And he's standing there with a cigarette in his mouth and got 14 earrings and and nose rings and everything else. What in the world? Let's start with their soul. Let's get them to Jesus, then we'll tell them about the message. It's evident some folks have got to the message before they got to Jesus. Come on, brother Donnie. Oh, yes, sir. We want to get them to Jesus. Get them full of the Holy Ghost. And then we'll tell them, you know what? God sent a prophet. But let's tell them God sent his son first. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, look at the serpent and how that Jesus, you imagine the disciples as they were standing there. Now, remember, none of them have the Holy Ghost. And Jesus is sending them out on their first missionary journey and said, "Boys, I tell them what I want you to do. I want you to merge together two natures on this missionary trip. One of them is going to be of the serpent and the other one's going to be of a of dove. Imagine them leaving two by two brothers and say, "Did you get that?" I was afraid to say anything. I didn't know where to raise my hand and ask a question. Did you understand exactly what he meant about that serpent part, the dove part? I could understand because that's what he is. But wise in avoiding danger instead of looking for it. Wise in avoiding danger yet harmless in forcibly opposing the enemy. You imagine that we're to pull from both avenues as harmless as doves. The nature of the Christian then is to be wise. Not deceiving now, subility, but wise. You're not going out looking for trouble. You're not going out trying to stir it up. You'll have enough the way it is without looking for more. &gt;&gt; You see, the gospel actually makes us tame. So, we're to be gless and innocent like the dove. Why? The dove is his own inward nature of his soul. Now remember when Jesus was going to be baptized down at the river that day and the spirit of God come down in the form of a &gt;&gt; wonder why it wasn't an eagle. After all, that's our favorite bird, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Eagle, eagle, eagle. But God chose a dove. And what was Jesus? The lamb. So the dove comes and lands on the lamb. Now had that lamb had a nature of a wolf, the dove would have never landed on it, why? The wolf would have killed it. Do you understand? And when we let these things h hang on to our life, we are killing the influence of the dove, the Holy Ghost. Oh Jesus, help us. The dove never provokes hostility. It don't know how. It don't know how to be hostile. &gt;&gt; We're going to get to brotherly kindness after a while if we can get to godliness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many wants to be more godly? &gt;&gt; There could not be two creatures whose natures would be more opposite than a snake and a dove. So the serpent will look at the dove with greedy intentions of killing and eating it. The dove will look at the snake trembling and terrified with a fascination of horror. And yet the Lord Jesus tells us to pull from both of them the attributes which are needed for this journey. It's amazing that a serpent can teach a dove nature something. You need to be like me. &gt;&gt; He recommends us as well as the disciples. You want to be so prudent. You want to be so wise and you're not going out looking for trouble and causing issues and tempting God. Wonder why Paul would have had them to let him down the wall of the city in a basket and he escaped. Now, if you'd have been living in that first church age and that message starts passing through the message people, message followers and just so happened your cousin was one of the team that helped lay him down in the rope by night and your cousin comes to your house the next day and said, "You can't believe what happened last night." Paul heard that they was going to kill him and you know what he done? He acted like a coward. He wanted us to put him in that basket and let him down after dark so he could run. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What was he displaying? Wisdom of a serpent &gt;&gt; looking for the fastest way out of town. ben it amazing that other things he would walk right in the middle of it and seem as if though been antagonist that he was the one who caused the issue. Can't you see it takes the spirit of God to help us? It takes the spirit of God to help us in our life. Lord, which one of these should handle this battle? The snake or the dove? Do I need wisdom to get out of this situation or do I need the grace of God to help me go through it? Oh my. Let me share this with you. It absolutely broke my heart when I read it. Under Dialesian, which was one of the Roman emperors. 17,000 Christians are said to have been slain in one month. among whom also was Serena the empress. A Roman emperor was killed because she was a Christian. Those 10 persecutions were so cruel that Jerome writes in one of his letters that for every day in the year Lord have mercy were murdered 5,000 except on the first day of January. 5,000 every day of our brothers and sisters truly sheep among wolves. Gerisicus an Aryan king of vandals is said to have exceeded all that went before him and cruelty towards the orthodox side of both sexes male and female. and that leninia and parenthesis 30,000 Protestants were basically butchered in one month 300,000 in one year. How were they to die not like snakes? Any of you that's ever killed one before, you know they'll fight and they'll bite and they'll do whatever they can. But God, but his spirit anointed them not to die as a serpent would die, but die as a gentle dove. Why? That's the way our husband did. You see, the dove and its innocence and its harmlessness is one of the reasons that it was chosen in the days of Noah. Also because it has no gall, has no bitterness to be able to help it eat a carrying. So when he let the dove out when the waters had subsided, he felt like and Noah meet needed a messenger. Why didn't he turn loose a serpent? Wrong animal for the occasion. He had an eagle in there. Why didn't he turn loose a golden eagle? Why didn't he turn loose a bald eagle? I know some of you it's going to hurt your feelings when I tell you this, but eagles on occasion will either carry them. &gt;&gt; I've seen them with my own eyes. But the dove don't have the ability. It would make her so sick she could not eat it. Oh Lord. So he sends out a dove and she flies around and flies around gone. who knows how how long and she comes back wore out. Why? Because she didn't find a clean place to even set down her foot and rest a little bit. You see, when we get bitterness and anger and strife, family problems, church problems, and people get so bitter and won't even speak to one another. &gt;&gt; Don't you understand what you're doing to your dove? &gt;&gt; Your dove can't land on your temper. Your dove can't land on your wrath and your all those types of feelings. The dove just has to fly away until you get cleansed again. Notice in Matthew 3:1 16, "And Jesus when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water, and lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the spirit of God descending like a dove and lighting upon him." Hebrews 7:26, "For such an high priest became us, who is wholly, harmless, harmless." As Almighty God, he could have spoke from the cross. He said, "No, you're not. I could call down to my heavenly father and he would send me all these legions of angels." He could have just spoke the word and said, "Be destroyed, earth. be purged from all these unbelievers. Every sinner on the earth would have died at his spoken word. &gt;&gt; But he must die the life of a dove. Why? To answer the type in Leviticus. Hallelujah. when they would take two doves and they'd take them both to the priest and the dove, one of the doves, the priest would take in his hand and ring the head off of the dove and then take the blood of the dead dove and bathe the living dove. and then take the living dove over to a window and turn him loose. And as that dove was walking its walk, living its life, doing its journey, what was it doing? It was doing it under the power of the blood of what? A goat, an ox. The blood of its mate. &gt;&gt; The mate of that dove's life was taken and sprinkled on the life of the living mate. Did you see friends what why we're living right? Why we go to church? While we're doing these things, we claim we're the living mate of Jesus Christ. Are we &gt;&gt; the living mate? Well, if we are, then we should live it as the power of a dove. Oh, Satan will do everything to make us angry and vile. Why? To make us dirty. If you could only see what anger and temper and resentment and holding grudges, if you could only see what that does to your soul &gt;&gt; and your walk with God. Notice the prophet says church in his condition if the lamb of God would have made the first snarl like a wolf would have done anything contrary to what the gentle dove would have permitted the dove would have took her flight left in a minute. That's the reason today that we're wondering what's the matter with the Pentecostal church. It's because we've taken on a different nature. We've taken on a nature that now listen the nature that people take on. We want our rights. &gt;&gt; So and so did this to me. It's my right to get mad at them. It's my right. I won't speak to them. It is. &gt;&gt; It's your right. And with your right goes your comfort of the Holy Ghost. I don't know about you, this life is so difficult and so hard. I don't need him grieved away from me for a moment. But just a day, a week, a month, a year. I don't, friends. I need him every hour. &gt;&gt; Well, what about my rights? Forget my rights. If I get to have his presence to forfeit my rights, take them all, Lord. &gt;&gt; But if I have to forfeit his presence to keep my rights, I don't want them. Amen. &gt;&gt; We're going to do what we know that's right to do. When we become arrogant, we become hostile. We become indifferent. We let temper come in. We let selfishness come in and all these things that little gentle dove just and there it goes and it follows you around. Please, please let me come back in. Please, I want to fellowship with you. Please. But it won't make you. It won't smack you up the side of the head. Hey, I s open up your heart. It will just sit on coups and cus. And then the spirit of God will anoint a preacher to preach something right where you live. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Let that calm down. Don't you understand? The dove is right here this morning. For some of you, maybe you've grieved him away a month ago, a year ago, six months ago. You might have grieved him way before you walked into church. But can't you hear the hunger in his heart? Can't you hear the cry? You know, some of the greatest battles we're going to have in this last day of keeping his presence around us is going to be from people we go to church with &gt;&gt; cuz we expect more of them and we should. &gt;&gt; An old sinner right out here hurt. Oh, they don't know nothing. There are no sinners. They're lost anyhow. But Christians that hurt us. &gt;&gt; Don't raise your hands. But I wonder how many of you sitting here today, your greatest hurt has come from Christians and sometimes preachers. But don't you understand what it's all about? It's to get you to become something that the dove can't rest on. The dove finds its rest in the clean soul. Oh Jesus, help us, Lord. You remember when your heart used to be so tender and pure before God? Oh, you didn't mind troubles. Wow, I had to take a double look at this quote. When your heart was so pure before God, you didn't mind troubles. Ah, it's all right. How many of us can say that when troubles come? Ah, it's all right. Wow. Just let go on. But the first thing you know when you get that got that temper up and said, I'll get back at him, the dove took her flight. The Holy Spirit cannot stand nothing but gentleness. God's gentle and peace and loving. Remember that the next time the devil tries to get between you husbands and wives in your home. &gt;&gt; No, I know there ain't nobody here at Word of Life that's guilty of that. But there's some sorry outfits that stream our services, I reckon. And I'll say it for them you poor little darlings you put up with me for a few minute while I burn the high to them people out there that fuss at home. Uhhuh. Don't see that guilt as a hound dog in a hen house look on some of you. Oh my. Oh my. The Holy Spirit cannot stand nothing but gentleness. God's gentle and peace and loving. No matter how much you know, how much theology you know, and you can stick your chest out, you can preach, that doesn't mean nothing. Can you imagine a man that studies and prays and studies and prays and reads his Bible and preaches and preaches and preaches and preaches and yet God is it means nothing. He's wasted his life preaching, studying if God can't get that out of him. Yeah. &gt;&gt; If that gentle, quiet, loving spirit of God doesn't rest on you, it's all gone. You're nothing. No matter how many gifts you can show, Paul said, "Though I speak with tongues like men and angels, I could have faith to move mountains and not have that gentle, meek love, I am nothing." That's where your trouble lay. See, that's it. When you get saved, you was a lamb. When you got saved, excuse me, he was a lamb. But when you started snorting like the wolf and hating your neighbor and fussing and fighting, the dove just took her flight and went away from you. Now, you wonder what's the matter. That's what's the matter. If a dove won't stay on a goat, it won't stay on a wolf. Fussing, fighting, stewing, ups and downs, and arguing and denominational barriers. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit just took her flight. You say, "Brother Brandham, how do we get it back?" Just come back to a lamb. She just sitting there on the roost somewhere. She'll come right back when you take the nature of a lamb. So among birds, the ravenous birds are identified as those that persecute and devise evil against Christians. The Christians on the other hand are identified as doves, gentile. Among the beast, we have different beasts that are identified. Of course, Proverbs, Psalms also uses the lion. Yet, the lion also represents the Lord Jesus. But you got to keep people each one of them in his proper type. &gt;&gt; But when it come to identifying the Lord Jesus as receiving the spirit, it was not him receiving it as a lion, but rather as a lamb. So in the ravenous ripping, tearing, destroying, savagery nature of the lion does not identify the believer. Not that nature. Oh no. But what does a lamb a dove? Among plants, the wicked are identified as briars, thorns, nettles, thistles, darnell. But among the elect of God, oh hear me children, please hear me. Among the elect of God and the plant kingdom, they are identified as liies. Lilies, gentle, beautiful, yet they struggle for life. Pressing up through the mud, pressing up through the muck. Remember when he went walking in the Song of Solomon in his garden and he come to gather the liies. The liy's life s span is so short. It reaches the height of its beauty and only a few days and then taken. It doesn't bloom as often as others. It may not be as strong and its petals soft and gentle. He said he walked in the garden and he gathered the liies. Don't you see what the rapture is? The rapture is not gathering thorns. The rapture is not gathering wolves, briars, nettles. It's gathering doves, lambs, liies, liies. that you may be blameless, harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, blameless that cannot be censored in the midst of a crooked and perverse, turn away, distort, turn aside, plot against the saving purposes of God. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, help us today. Help us, Lord. I'm sure that I could say like others, no doubt there's times in my life I needed the prudence, I need the agility, the wisdom of a serpent to be able to avoid things. There's no doubt there's things I brought upon myself. My desire for truth, my desire to stand for what's right, but I left out wisdom. Forgive me, Lord. No doubt we've tried to hand handle battles under the wrong identification and the wrong type. We're never to handle our walk in life and the things we go through. Never to handle it like a wolf. Never to handle it like a braggard, arrogant, stuck on herself. We're never, Lord Jesus, called to be full of pride, but humble oursel. Oh Jesus, I pray begin here on the platform with the musicians, the pastor. Move down this building here today, Father. the front row, the second, the third, the fourth, on back, on back. Move up into the mezzanine, the different levels where people are sitting. Lord, move back into the nurseries where some of our sisters have their children. Move up into the sound booth, the first one there. Then Lord up into the second one and behind the glass the brother's father that's trying to make it possible for people to stream and all that but Lord I don't want them working up there every service every service. every service and so focus. It's a ministry. I know it's something they want to do to help. But Lord, I don't want them doing that and focusing so much on that they miss getting what you're speaking to us in this hour. No wonder you place brotherly kindness at the very last level, the seventh, before charity. No doubt that will be one of the most trying for us as the bride in the last day. As I deal with your people around the world and I hear the things they've been through and what they've suffered at the hand of message people and message preachers. Truly, it will be a marvel, Lord, that there will be a people that will come out of this age with a dove soul, a dove nature, a lily at heart, wisdom as we need it. Yes. But we never respond and react in anger because our human anger cannot mix with the nature of a dove. And if we've been around church very long, we've all heard preachers preach and it was it was out of their human anger. It's why there was something about it that just didn't seem right because the anointing does not want human anger. Sure, there's a wrath of God and anger of God. Same with the parents trying to correct their children. Help them Lord not to use human anger, human wrath, but they the spirit of God help them to correct their children and lead them in the right way. Lord, help the deacons. Father, they have a difficult position. Lord, they see somebody talking in church, they see different things, and they're policemen. That's what the prophet told us they were. But help them to always react, Lord, under the gentleness of the spirit of God. And it's amazing that gentleness can be firm and it can be strict to the point, but the bottom line is because they love the saints. Lord Jesus, help each of us. Father, you've sent us out as sheep among wolves. We've been attacked, Lord. We've been blooded. We've come to where we felt like we was within an inch of the loss of our life. And no doubt a lot of the things that happened was our own fault probably. But we're praying you'd help us today. Help us to never react with the vengeance and the hatred of a serpent. May we use his wisdom. And that's all. Never try to revenge ourselves and avenge ourselves. I will get back at them. No, Lord. As soon as we say that, the dove will just fly right away. I shared it with brother Tim and brother Ron this morning that your prophet said it in 1956 that God is a lover and he's trying to get some of our starchy hearts to make love to. Praise the Lord. Oh Jesus, come near us today. Lord, if there's a sinner here today that needs to repent, may they feel that dove of the love of God gently fluttering over their hearts. May it convict them of their sins. Maybe there's a backslider here. May the dove of the Holy Ghost fly around them. May they hear it cooing, cooing, come back, come back. Maybe there's a Christian and they've just developed a bad attitude and Lord, they've got a grievance against a brother or sister. May they hear the voice of God couping to them. Forgive and you shall be forgiven. Pray for those who despitefully use you. Then may that gentleness of the spirit of God flutter all that bad feeling away. Granted, Lord God, we worship you today, Jesus. You love him with all your heart. Saints, just remain seated there if you'd like to, but would you lay your hand on the person sitting near you there? Praise the Lord Jesus. Many of you, I know, I know things that you've been through. I know different things that you've shared with me through the years. And it's a wonder to me that some of y'all even believe in preachers. It's a wonder to me that some of y'all even have desired to even go to church by the way you've been treated. But just because you've been treated bad and been abused by preachers don't mean that God still ain't got something that's true. You see, you need a dove preacher to be able to lead you to a dove life. So, if you've got a wolf in the pullpit, guess what you're going to produce in the pews? More wolves. I pray y'all will be honest with me and honest with yourself before God. If I ever get to a place that I can no longer feed you, if I can no longer help you, please, for the love of your own soul, for the love of your children, get somebody who will. You owe me nothing. I am sent to serve you, not you all serve me. If I ever get to a spot to where the love of God is not the dominant force in my life, I am no longer fit to stand in this pulpit. Please somebody, tell me, tell me. Lord Jesus, as we sat here in this solemn moment, Father, I pray you'd help us. Please, Father. May the spirit of God just move among us. Lord, I believe you put this on my heart today. And no doubt there will be folks who will be changed by your word and by your presence. Please Jesus help us in this battle Lord that we will be wise as serpents but never use his craftiness, never use his subtlety. But we'll learn how to escape danger that's not even ordained of you for us to go through. But overall, the dominant force of our life is your dove nature. I pray for my brothers and sisters today, Jesus. Not only those that are visible, but those that are stream, those that will archive the service. May the spirit of forgiveness just surge across this place today, Lord. I find it amazing that your prophet said that God heals by love. God heals by medicine. God heals by music. He said you take an old sore spot just something there and the love of God can come and you have something against a brother or sister and the spirit of God can come with love and bring healing to that. Would you grant it today, Lord? That does not make it to where that we don't want to deal with sin. Oh no, we want to deal with sin. But when it's dealt with and we want to go on and have the right attitude cuz which one among us today hasn't had need of forgiveness? Which one of us today, dear God, I say forgive us all. Forgive us of our failures. Forgive me, Lord, if ever I've in any way harmed any of your children. Lord, the places that I've traveled around the world, if I've ever reflected any behavior that was unbecoming to a son of God, if I've ever acted in any way in the pulpit, out of the pulpit, Lord God, I pray you'd forgive me. Then, Father, I in turn pray for these sheep if they've ever acted in any way that was displeasing to you. Would you forgive us, Lord? Help us to leave this service today with a greater desire to me be more doveike than we've ever had in our entire life. Because truly, we want to be godly. Not just on the outside, but from the inside working its way out. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Can we stand our feet, saints? Now, let's not break this moment, this this atmosphere. I know a lot of folks may not really like this type of atmosphere, but when you go to shripport in 1965 and you find Brother Brandham preaching the different sermons there and they had a somber, real somber type of service and they was Pentecostals. They was a Pentecostal church, Jack Moore, but they wasn't running, shouting and all that and we believe in that too. But yet the prophet told them these are the types of services that we need to set in. And remember it was there that he preached the sermon on the wings of a dove. And he waited his whole life to see that seventh dove. And when did he see it? Just a couple of months before he was taken from the earth. May God help us. He wasn't looking just for another eagle, but he's looking for the white eagle. He had already saw that. It was across his chest, remember, on the stone, but he wasn't looking for a seventh eagle or an eighth eagle, but for a seventh dove. Oh, praise the Lord. Come and just take a few minutes before we go. I know you're probably hungry and you got lunch plans and this and that and other, but I'll tell you one thing. You ain't got a greater plan than the plan of God for us to be together right now. Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; How many wants to be doveike? How many wants to be wise as a serpent? I know it seems odd to ask you that, but these are the words of the Lord Jesus on the wings of a dove. Praise the Lord. Let's just worship him together now. Just let the Holy Ghost be able to search our hearts and look down every avenue of our life and make sure that you're not overlooking something that he's there to help us with today. Sing it for us. Delicious worship together. Praise the Lord Jesus. On the wings of the snow, wide Jesus, help us, Lord. &gt;&gt; God sends his pure, sweet love, a sign from above. On the wings of the dove. On the wings of a snow white. God sends his pure sweet. A sign from above. on the wings of D. And over had drifted on the flood many days. He searched for landing in various ways. Troubles he had some but not from above. God gave him a sign on the wings of a dove. On the wings of the snow white, God send his pure sweet love a sign from above. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of snow white, God send his pure sweet love a sign from above on the wings of above. Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a stable in a manger of h. Oh, here he rejected but not from above. God gave us a son. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow. Why does God send his pure sweet love a sign from above on the wings of a dove? Oh, on the wings of a snow. Why does God send his pure sweet love a sign from above on the wings of a dove? On the wings of the snow white, God sent his pure sweet love this time from above on the wings of a dove. Though I have suffered in many ways I cried for healing both night and day. Faith wasn't forgotten by the father above. He gave me his son. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of snow. Why God sending his pure sweet love aside from above. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white. God send his pure sweet love a on the wings of oh on the wings of the snow God in his pure Read love, a sign from above on the wings of above. Thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're the glory and the lifter of my head. Oh, thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're the glory and the lifter of my head. Many there be increased that trouble me. Many are the demon spirits that rise against me. Many there be would say of my soul, there is no help for you in God. I cried unto the Lord with my voice. He heard me out of his holy hill laid me down and I slept and I awaken. It was the precious, precious Holy Ghost sustain me. For thou Lord are a shield for me. You're the glory. You're the lifter of my hand. Now Lord are a shield for me. You are the glory. You're the lifter of my head. Many there be increased all that trouble me. Many are the demon spirits that rise against me. Many there be with say of my soul. There is no help for you and God. I cried unto the Lord with my voice. He heard me out of his holy hill. I lay me down and I slept. When I awaken the precious, precious Holy Ghost sustain me. Thou Lord, you're a shield for me. You're the glory. You are the lifter of my name. For now, you're a shield for me. You're the glory. You are the lifter of my head. I lay me down and I slept and I awaken. It was the precious precious Holy Ghost sustained me. I will not be afraid of 10 thousands of demons that encamp themselves against me round about. I know that thou Lord are a shield for me. You're the glory. You are the lifter of my head. Thou Lord, you're a shield for me. you the glory. You are the lifter of my head. Oh, thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're the glory. You're the lifter of my head. Oh, thou Lord, you are a shield for me. You're the glory. You're the lifter of my head. Oh Lord, you are a shield for me. You're the glory and the lifter of my head. Heat. Heat. The more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I find you, oh, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and me. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. So will me the more I seek you. The more I find you, the more I find you, the more I love you, I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. for wellbeing. I want to sit at your feet, drink from this cup in your hand, lay back against you, and bring me. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. So overwhelm me. Oh, the more I see you. I find you. All the more I find you. Oh, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you, and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, this love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelm me. The more I seek you. Just sing it as you go this morning. Oh, the more I find you. Oh, the more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and brea your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. and I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet, drink from this cup in your hand, lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet. This cup in your hand. Lay back against you and brea your heart. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. The more I seek you, oh, the more I find you. The more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. overwhelm me. I want to sit at your Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
