################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-06-02 - Receiving a Divine Promise from God - Part 2 Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-06-02
Title:    Receiving a Divine Promise from God — Part 2 | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5U4QlGWGKao
========================================

Description:
“For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith.” Mark 11:23

#Faith #Revelation #PromisesOfGod 

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where they're never kind. If we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. Is the city where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Oh, I have a mansion over there. And with free from care, I am going where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Oh, I have a mansion over there. And with fruit from toilet care, I am going where the lamb is the light. Here we have our days of sunshine. But we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright. We'll be changing clouds and rain until we go. Oh, to that city where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Well, I have a mansion over there and with free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Here the flowers bloom forever and a day. Shall be one eternal day without a night. And our tears shall be forever wiped away. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Well, I have a mansion over there. And with fruit from toilet care, I am going where the lamb is alive. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. Oh, is the city where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Well, I have a mansion over there. And with fruit from soil and care I am going where the lamb is alive. Here the flowers bloom forever and a day. [Music] Oh we shall go there by and by the city where the lamb is alive. Oh in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Well, I'm a mansion over there and we're free from toilet care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Sunshine, but we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright. We'll be changing clouds and rain until we go. Oh, is a city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive, where there cometh no night. Oh, I have a mansion over there. And with free from toil and care, I am going where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there cometh no night. Well, I have a mansion over there and we're free from toilet care. I am going where the lamb. Sing that one last time. Well, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Well, I'm a mansion over there and with free from toilet care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. I'll praise in the valley and I'll praise on the mountain. Oh, I'll praise when I'm sure and I'll praise when I'm doubting. Oh, I'll praise when outnumbered and praise when surrounded. Oh, cuz praise is the water that my enemies drowned. Oh, as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to pray. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise in the valley and I'll praise on the mountain. Oh, I'll praise when I'm sure and I'll still praise when I'm doubting. I'll praise when outnumbered and praise when surrounded. Oh, cuz praise is the water that my enemies drown in. [Music] And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise [Applause] the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, I'll praise when I feel it and I'll praise when I don't. I'll praise cuz I know, God, that you're still in control. You see, my praise is a weapon. It's so much more than a sound. Oh, cuz my praise is the shout that brings Jericho down. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. And I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep it? And sing that again. Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep it inside when we praise the Lord, oh my soul, I'll praise when I feel it, and I'll praise when I don't. Oh, I'll praise cuz I know God that you're still in control. [Music] My praise is a rapid. It's so much more than a sound. Oh, my praise is a shout that brings Jericho down. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to pray. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it and I'll praise when I don't. Oh, I'll praise cuz I know, God, that you're still in control. Oh, my praise is a weapon. Oh, it's so much more than a sound. Oh, my praise is the shout that brings Jero down. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. won't praise the Lord, oh my soul, and I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep it inside? Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep it inside? When we praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh. Oh, we praise you, Lord. All praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you're great. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. I'll praise cuz you're true. I'll praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated in the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful and praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise [Applause] the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, I'll praise when I feel it and I'll praise when I don't. I've been there. Oh, I'll praise cuz I know, God, that you're still in control. You see, my praise is a weapon. Oh, it's so much more than a sound. Oh, my praise is a shout that brings Jericho down. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord. Oh my soul, praise [Applause] the Lord. Oh my soul, and I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep it inside? No, I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I sing it again? Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep one last time? Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep it inside? When we praise the Lord, oh my soul. [Music] Oh, we praise you, Lord. We praise you, Lord. You are worthy of all the praise and the honor, Lord. We glorify your holy name. You are so worthy. Oh, you're so worthy, Lord. Oh, receive our praise this morning, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you, Almighty God. We worship you, Almighty God. Oh, we lift up a shout of praise to you, oh Lord. We lift our voices to you because you're worthy, Lord. Oh, you're worthy, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. And when the darkness falls, it won't prevail. Because the God I serve knows only how to triumph. And my God will never fail. Oh my God will never fail. Sing it like that again. The weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. And when the darkness falls, it won't prevail. Because the God I serve knows only how to triumph. And my God will never fail. Oh my God will never fail. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Declare it. Oh, I'm going to see your victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, and I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. And there's power in the mighty name of Jesus. And every war he wages, he will win. No, I'm not backing down from any giants cuz I know how this story is. Oh, I already know how this story ends. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle. Oh, it belongs to you, Lord. And I'm going to sing a victory. I'm going to sing a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. You take what the enemy meant for evil and then you turn it for good. You turn it for good. Oh, and you take what the enemy meant for evil and then you turn it for good. My God, you'll turn it for good. Oh, and you take what the enemy meant for evil. And then you turn it for good. My God, you turn it for good. Oh, and you take what the enemy meant for evil. And then you turn it for good. My God, you'll journey for good. Oh, and you take what the enemy meant for evil. And then you turn it for good. My God, you're turning. Oh, declare it over your life. Oh, if you take what the enemy did for evil and then you turn it for good. My God, you'll turn it for good. Oh, I believe. Oh, cuz you take what the enemy meant for evil, then you turn it for good. My God, you turn it for good. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle he belongs to. Sing. I'm going to see my Oh, I'm going to see my victory. I'm going to see my victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to sing my victory. I'm going to sing my victory. for the battle belongs. Whatever it is, sing it out. Oh, I'm going to sing my victory. It doesn't matter. I'm going to sing my victory for the battle belongs to that impossible circumstance. Oh, I'm going to sing my victory. I'm going to see my victory. For the battle belongs to depression and anxiety. Oh, I'm going to sing my victory. I'm going to sing my victory. For the battle belongs to insecurity. Oh, I'm going to sing my victory. I'm going to sing my victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to sing my victory. I'm going to sing my victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, it belongs to you, Lord. It belongs to you, Lord. It's all about you, Lord. It belongs to you. Hallelujah. [Music] Before [Music] I spoke a word, you were singing over me. [Music] And you have been so so good to me [Music] before I took a breath. You breathe your life in me. Oh, you have been so so kind to me. and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down, fights till I'm found. gives a 99 [Music] and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. But still you give yourself away overwhelming neverending precious love of God. When I was your foe, still your love fought for me. Oh, and you have been so so good to me. When I felt no worth, Lord, you paid it all for me. Yes, you did. Oh, and you have been so so kind to me. Enjoy the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. And though it chases me down, fights till I'm found. leaves a night and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. And oh the overwhelming [Music] neverending precious love. Oh it's so precious. Oh it chases me down. Fights till I'm found. Leaves a 99 and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Till you give yourself away, enjoy the overwhelming, neverending, [Music] precious love of God. There's no shadow you won't light up, mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down, lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. Oh, I believe there's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Come after me. [Music] There's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down, lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. Oh, there's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down or lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down or lie you won't tear down. coming after me. Oh, there's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down or lie you won't tear down. Coming after. There's no shadow. There's no shadow you won't light up. A mountain you won't climb up. coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down, lie you won't tear down. Coming. Sing it again. There's no shadow. Oh, there's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down, lie you won't tear down. coming. There's no shadow. There's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up just to come after me. Oh, there's no wall you won't kick down or lie you won't tear down. Coming after me and all the [Music] singing it up. Oh, we chase it. I don't deserve it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. and all the overwhelming, neverending, precious love of God. Oh, the overwhelming, neverending, precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. Fights till I'm found. leaves a 99 and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh Lord, The love that you give to us, it is it has no bounds to it. It h it's endless. Lord, we just bless you and thank you. Oh Jesus, how we love you. We love you, Lord. Hallelujah, Jesus. Oh, would you just lift your hands and receive his love today? The precious neverending love of our savior. How we love you, Lord. We love you, Lord. We love you, Lord. Lord, thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh praise his name. We want to go to prayer today and take our needs to the Lord. Jesus. Do you have a need by the lifting of a hand? God sees the need behind the hand, but we don't go as beggars. We go in the order of the word. It's done. It's done. I have a minister friend who reached out during the service last night who's just gone through a very serious surgery. He lives in Arizona. He's asked that we pray for him that God will give him a supernatural recovery. Yes, Lord. Uh I had a chat with Sister Pam this morning and brother Garvis, they were able to take a liter of fluid off through dialysis, praying that his blood pressure will remain stable so that they can take probably another two liters of fluid off. The goal is the doctors are hope hoping the family of course is hoping that these dialysis treatments will kickstart his kidneys to functioning again. It has happened. It does happen. It's certainly I spoke with him on the phone this week and it's certainly not his desire to be on permanent dialysis. Of course not. But God knows exactly how how he's going to work in this situation. But let's pray for them particularly. And I wasn't able to get an update from my dear friend. Uh and many of the church folks would know this precious sister who was taken to the emergency room with stroke symptoms. Let's continue to remember her. God knows who she is and he knows what's going on in her body. Right. Right. I know there are many urgent needs in this congregation. There are needs out across that camera. But our Lord knows and he knows best how to take care of it. Yes, he does. Will you sing this old song with us as we prepare to pray? There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel's veins. [Music] And sinners plunged beneath that flood lose all their guilty stains. Lose all their guilty stains. lose all their guilty stains and sinners plunged beneath that flood lose all their gill. Brother Hawk, will you come and pray today, please? The dying thief rejoice to see that fountain in his name. And there may I go vile as he wash all my sin away. Wash all my sin away. Wash all my sin away. And there may I go by as he walk [Music] heavenly father we thank you for a new and a living way. Yes sir. And your word also says that we have been loosed from sin. Yes. Loosed from unbelief. So we are believers today. Yes sir. We believe on the finished work of the cross. It's the power of the cross that Paul preached. Yes sir. And you crucified and resurrected. Amen. And we are relying depending on that. You already went the extra mile, climbed the mountain, kicked down the wall. You came down and went on the cross. And you came to us and revealed yourself as the resurrected savior. And in you there is healing. There is deliverance. And there is hope. There is eternal life. And so, Father, we just we believe and decree healing for those from the prayer request yesterday. Serious request for brother Garvis, Lord, healing into their bodies in the authority of Jesus Christ. And we command Satan to leave the children of God. And we believe that the Jesus Christ would be manifested in their body for the glory of the living God. Father, we just want to thank you and acknowledge that you're doing something amazing in our midst. You're raising expectation. You're stirring hope. And Father, I just most of all, I just pray for every one of us that you would draw us draw us closer to you because the meaning of life is to know you and grow in the stature of Christ. And we just need you and we call on you, Father, in Jesus' name. Let the perfect plan of God unfold in this service and in all of our lives. You taught us for your kingdom to come. That's the reality of God in our hearts. May it manifest in us and then through us. Oh God. Yes sir. Let the spirit of revelation and understanding come upon us today and give us the grace to have a heart to set have a seed put in us that would bear a lot of fruit for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we give you praise, Lord. [Applause] Since by faith I saw that stream, thy flowing wounds. Redeeming love has been my theme. And it shall be till I die. And it shall be till I die. [Music] It shall be till I die. My redeeing love has been my theme. And it shall be till I die. [Music] Give him another shout of praise. Oh Lord, we thank you for redeeming love. You may have your seats today. We are so glad to be gathered in the house of the Lord. Wonderful time that we had together last night. The Lord meeting with us and giving us another opportunity to come and worship together today to see when we bring our licks of fire together what he will do among us. Oh, we're all important in the economy of God moving among us because what we get is what we expect or what we expect is what we get. And if we come with an expectation and others come with expectation, the Lord moves among us. Oh, he's so good. We once again welcome all of our visitors that came to be in this weekend meeting recognized last night. this brother that came with brother Shaw today. Joey, we welcome you today asking the Lord to minister to you the needs that you have in the service. We just are happy to be gathered together and know that the Lord doesn't disappoint. He may not come when you want him, but he's always on time. You know, I I was thinking concerning the message last night. It's already done. And and I was just standing there just pondering the Lord's prayer. How does that fit into the Lord's prayer? Because the Lord's prayer was given to us as an example. And my thought immediately went to give us this day our daily bread. The word that is needed for overcoming today. Tomorrow will take care of itself. Today we're just dealing with what we're dealing with and we're facing it as overcomers decreeing the word over it. We're not walking as defeated. We're asking the Lord for the daily provision for today that he'll do with us, in us, and for us exactly what we need to see this work all the way through that's already done. Amen. Watch it manifest before our eyes. I'm glad that he gives us daily bread. Aren't you? That's why it's our responsibility to spend time in the word in prayer and see him do what he does. Amen. Brother Cade's going to come and sing again today. He's already at the piano. We want to receive the tithe and the offering. We want to thank you for your giving. We did not specifically mention that we would receive a special offering for the building project today, but if you did bring one, just mark your envelope, building project, building fund, uh, there on the envelope, and it'll go in its proper place. We don't want to forget Jerusalem. The work is still going on there, though right at this moment, no one is in the apartment, but God knows what he's doing. and and we're standing believing that he has a work for us in Jerusalem in the nation of Israel. We continue to pray for her peace, believing God to do what he needs to do in that situation. Brother Elas, can I call on you and and Austin Yantis to go to the people today? And let's just pray over it before you go to the people. Father, I want to thank you for faithful people that give of their tithe and their offering. They keep covenant with you, Lord. We're asking you to bless them. Pour back into their homes. Lord, with our natural eyes, we see the the toughness of the economy right now. But God, we have been called to a higher calling. And we know that you said that you would provide for us if we kept covenant. Lord, you said to prove you. And so that is what we do with our tithe and offering. And Lord, we are people with expectation that you will pour out a blessing that we would not be able to contain. We will give you glory and honor Lord as as we give to you and you uh you provide miracles one after another. And it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. God bless you as you give to the Lord today. Amen. We had a good weekend. Amen. I just know there's been things that happened in my life and things that happened in others life here in the past few weeks. And um that in itself should just be enough to just express to the Lord how you feel this morning. Um just sing of his goodness this morning. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Oh, for you have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. And I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, and all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I gave you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness, your goodness is running after. He's running after me. Oh, thank you, Lord. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. He's running after me. In all my life, you have been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I love your voice. [Music] Oh, for you have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. And I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, isn't he good? Oh, and all my life you have been thanks. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I have a Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. And your goodness is running after. He's running after me. Oh, and your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. is running after me. And your goodness is running after is running after me. Oh, and your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running out. is fighting after me. And you are God alone from before time began. And you were on your throne. I know you are God alone. Yes. And right now in the good times and bad, you were on your throne. Oh [Music] yes, you are God alone. From before time began, you were on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. You're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. Oh, you're unstoppable. Oh, that's who you are. And you're unchangeable. Yes, you are. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. Oh, that's who you are. Oh, you're unchangeable. Oh, and you're unshakeable. My God is unstoppable. For that's who you are. Oh, he's unsafe. Hasn't he kept you? He's unsafe. Hasn't he saved you? son. Oh, that's who you are. You are God alone. From before time began, you were on your throne. I know you are God alone. Oh, and are right now in the good times and bad. for you were on your throne. Yes, you are God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness [Music] of God. [Applause] [Music] Oh yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Hallelujah. [Music] Wonderful goodness of God. All my life he has been faithful. [Music] From the time that I was born to the time he calls me home, he is faithful. No matter what my life looks like, [Music] he is faithful. Yes, he is. His [Music] goodness is running after you. His goodness is running after you. He is a God rich in mercy. His mercy is chasing you. Oh Lord, I thank you that you have desired to have me and you chased after me. Hallelujah. How I thank you for it, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] We worship you Lord. We worship you Lord. [Music] Jesus, [Music] we yield our lives, Lord, over and over and over again. We yield our lives to you as your goodness and your mercy follow us, chase after us. We yield our lives to you. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we give you praise, Jesus. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Touching Jesus is all that really matters. [Music] Touching Jesus is all that really [Music] then your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch him. You must believe when you call on his name. [Music] Touching Jesus is all that really matterers. And then your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch him. [Music] You must believe when you call on his name. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matters. [Music] And in your life will never be the same. There is only only one way to trust him, to touch him. You must believe when you call on his name. [Music] How many of you glad he's touchable? Aren't you glad that he's reachable? Give him one more hand clap of praise for now. God is good in this house. Oh, he's good. [Applause] All my life he's been faithful. You may be seated just a moment. God is good all the time. Aren't you glad of his goodness and for his goodness in your life. Well, we're just blessed today. Thank you for being in the house of the Lord. Thank you for helping to build an atmosphere for the Lord to move among us. Did you know he meets needs when we worship him? He visits us when we worship him. And so I'm believing that some of you have already touched him today and that he's already ministered to you because that's who he is. Those of you who are sleepy, well, you've just got to pinch yourself because the nap comes after lunch and not before lunch. Right? We still have some things that we want to share with you today. We want to uh thank God for what he did for us last night. And we want to thank the Lord for a comfortable place. It's not finished, but we have a comfortable place that we can have a meal together and fellowship. Oh, there are inconveniences. you know, there are things uh we don't have a lot of parking and we only have one way to get down there and so uh we're walking on the road and and there's just thing but you know we're just making steps making progress and it was just wonderful to have some time uh together last evening and I want to explain something to you all if you'll give me your attention for just a moment before we go to the word. I'm not always aware of what you do. I I'm not always here and I'm not always aware or informed about who is here doing what, what they've done, perhaps even what they donated. And so, if I don't mention it, it's likely because I don't know. I want to thank everyone of you who have worked so hard. Brother Greley leading the project, but he couldn't do it by himself. He can accomplish a lot by himself. But he couldn't do it all by himself. I know some of you have worked all day on your jobs and then come and worked in the evening. And I know that some of you have run to grab things from the store, paid for it, never turned in a receipt. I believe that God sees every effort that you make. And I believe that he will reward you accordingly. I don't know who cuts the grass always. I know Nathan has been uh uh leading that for so many years now. But I don't know who helps him. I don't know who we eats. I do know who who cut the shrubs because I begged him to cut them and he was willing to do it. But I don't always know what you do. But I want you to know that as a congregation, we thank you and we appreciate every sacrifice you make. You're taking care of the mothers who have just had babies. You're cooking meals. You're you you brought food last night and food today and it doesn't go unnoticed. I appreciate it. Um, there was one brother who spent hours of his time here this week. And to be completely honest with you, I didn't know he was doing it. I heard later, but it was it was a mess. He stepped into a mess down there. And I was absolutely amazed when I was told that he had spent most of the day cleaning and working. And you know, sometimes you think a man doesn't know too much about cleaning, right? Don't let them fool you, sisters. There's at least one eligible brother, unmarried, who knows how to clean. And uh when I walked in there, there was mud everywhere. There was bird, you know, droppings. And there were no birds flying around at that time, but you could certainly see where they had been flying around. And I simply backed out the door. I walked in, I saw it, I lost my breath, and I just backed out the door. And in my mind, I'm thinking, how? I don't I wouldn't even know what to do first to start this. But, you know, someone took a burden and and and I assume purchased things out of their own pocket to to make it so much easier for those of you who came in Saturday night. And I'm so thankful for Brother Greley. I'm so thankful for what he's doing. And uh he saw one mop wasn't going to be uh sufficient. So, he sends them for mops and buckets and and and what needs to be done. and then I just come and enjoy it. And I want you to know one more time that it doesn't go unnoticed as a whole body. We thank you for everything that you're doing. Uh let's do that. Yes. [Applause] One one brother put up a heavy plastic and I mean he taped it up and he had uh two befores in it so that it wouldn't blow away and and that was sufficient for for a day or two to certainly keep the birds out and the next thing you know a door appears there in the spot and so I just appreciate what you're doing. That's not the permanent door, but that's the door that gets the brothers through construction so that a 2x4 doesn't go through the glass door. Ain't that smart? So, and brother Gley, you know, he put put those window units, small window units in and that wasn't doing the job and it came to him about the fans and he put the big fans up and it made it quite comfortable. Maybe a little hotter today, but we're going to make it, aren't we, pastor? You're taking a lot of time. I know. But I want you to know. I want you to know. If you're doing something to be noticed, I don't think you are. But should you do that, you'll be disappointed around here because we may not know you did it. But if you're doing it unto the Lord, I know that God sees it. I I was I was sitting there thinking about the song we were singing. Your goodness is running after me. The psalmist said, "Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever." That that to follow is a is a good uh expression from the King James, but that does not really touch the Hebrew. In Hebrew, it's not talking about, you know, someone coming along behind you and tiptoeing in the tulips. And it's it's talking about someone chasing you and and apprehending you, laying hold on you is is the is the expression in the Hebrew. So surely goodness and mercy shall chase me down and apprehend me, overwhelm me, overcome me all the days of my life. Aren't you thankful? And then my mind went to to the psalmist saying, I'd rather be a doorkeeper in the house of the Lord for one day than to dwell in the tents of evil or wicked forever. We ought to be thankful for every opportunity that we have to gather in his name. Amen. And uh I know we've got a we have a kitchen. You know, we were scrambling around. My wife was thinking about ice and we were going to need some more ice. And you know what I just said to her? One of these days Yes, sir. may not be too long from now. We don't know what God's doing, how he's going to do it. We're going to have an ice machine and we're never going to have to run out at the last minute and buy ice cubes again cuz we'll make them. Well, that don't mean much to everybody cuz you don't have to worry about whether there's ice or not. But it means something to me to even think that we're getting to a place where we can have what we need. So anyway, thank you so much, brother Cade. Thank you for always being available. They asked me, "Are there any songs turned in?" No, I've not had any, Benjamin. No, I haven't had any. And so I appreciate him not having to have a long notice. Amen. That's the benefit of being able to play for yourself. You don't have to always worry about having someone to play for you. You just jump up and get it done. But we're missing some of the rest of you singers, Brother Josh, uh, Alano, and no different ones. I I still love to hear Sister Anna Christine and and and Austin. He don't mess her up too bad. And uh you God lays a song on your heart, let us know. If we can place it in the lineup, we will. Sometimes we are already getting a a sort of a theme together. And uh and so sometimes a song might not work in the right spot, but we we know there'll be a place for it. Amen. If if we're being led to the throne in worship, perhaps to lay at his feet, well, it might not we might not need a warfare song in that service, we may need a a worshipful song. Do you understand? And but sometimes when we're stirred up and the devil's mad and we're glad he's mad and we want to do something about it, let him know we're not a bunch of pushovers, that's the right time to war to go to war. Sometimes you have to be extra sensitive to even know what season you're in. Aren't you glad for the discernment of the Holy Spirit. Miles, otherwise known as Milo, turns three years old today. Happy birthday. [Applause] Th three years old. And tomorrow, Brother Anthony Chadwick, who's streaming the service with Sister Cindy, uh, tomorrow is his birthday. We want to say happy birthday to Brother Anthony. And we appreciate y'all. Monday is also Maya Yovich's birthday. Is she in here somewhere? Where is she? Hold up your hand, Maya. Oh, make her hold her hand up, Chad. You mean you couldn't get her hand up as little as she is? Oh, she's turning colors. How old is Maya going to be? Four. Four years old. I don't think anybody ought to be embarrassed if they're four. It's some of them bigger numbers that you might not want told. And Sister Beverly, I noticed that uh that Monday would also uh be your wedding anniversary. And you were married. I can't forget you were married the year I was born. So that's a long time ago. And uh I I'm so thankful that 57 years. And we're just thankful, thankful, thankful, thankful. And uh we think of brother Skipworth often and the guitar and the songs that he had to sing for the Lord. Tuesday is a pretty special day for me. That's my wife's birthday and uh it grieves me that she'll never be uh as old as I am. At the same time, I married me a younger woman. Just want you all to know. And uh I want to say happy birthday to my wife. She is amazing. Absolutely amazing. [Applause] And uh Austin uh where is Austin? Where's Austin? Yantis in the sound booth. You're not nearly as amazing as my wife, but you share a birthday with her, and I want to wish you a very happy birthday, too. God bless you. On the stream, there's amazing picture of the backs of the computers because he's hiding his face. Maybe he's one of those in those higher numbers that's embarrassed about his I don't know. Let's stand. Let's thank God for these musicians. We won't have any more singing for now. Turn to Mark chapter 11 in your Bible. And I want to read those two verses that we that we started with last evening. And then I'm going to let you have your seats if you promise to stay awake. And I'm going to read two longer portions of scripture because I want you to have the full context of the story. But in Mark 11:23, the scripture, this is all red letters. It's Jesus talking to us. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea. Now listen, this is the this is the kicker. And shall not doubt in his heart. Now, there's a time that we can get by with that little creeping unbelief that we have to keep pulling down. But when you're speaking to mountains, there cannot be any unbelief, any doubt in your heart at that moment. That's what Jesus is saying. Whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass. No doubt, shall come to pass. He shall have whatsoever he saith. Glory to God. Well, well, pastor, I spoke something and it didn't happen. There's a key here. This isn't for all prayer. We're not talking about all prayer. We're talking about prayer with bridal authority. We understand that there is creative power. I know you're standing. There is creative power when the word of God is spoken from the mouth, from the heart of the believer. That word is alive. It's not words on a page. It's a living word. It's the reality of Jesus Christ. And when we speak that living word, the living word within us witnesses to that which is being spoken. And if there is no doubt in our heart, this is not an easy place. Hallelujah. This is not an easy place to get to. You you've got to shut your spiritual ears to anything but God's voice because the devil will be talking to you. He'll tell you why that's just not even possible. I don't even know how God could do that if he wanted to. So there's no room in a moment like this. There is no room for doubt in our heart. And if we can clear all of that out, Jesus said, this is not a preacher somewhere. This is Jesus who said, you shall have whatsoever he saith, whatsoever you speak. Therefore, I say unto you, what thingsoever ye desire when you pray, this is another another communication. When you pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. I'm asking you to stay with me this morning to the best of your ability. That faith pull is a very important part of what we're about to do now. Your pull on the word of God. your amen. Not just your silent one, but the one that slips out of your mouth is recorded. I believe it's recorded in heaven. I believe in the power of your amen. I believe your amen makes the word of God personal to you. I believe when you hear a truth that you believe in and you say amen, you don't have to scream it so loud you send other people off the pew, but you speak it out of your mouth. And that word means amen means what it means so be it. And because it's a personal expression between you and the Lord, you're actually saying and so let it be in my life. I believe that's the truth. and so let it be in my life. So many times when the word of God goes forth, we disqualify ourselves from receiving it. And we think of all the reasons why we're not worthy of that promise or why we may not have that in our life or why what we have done or the mistakes that we have made. When I was standing up here earlier, the Lord reminded me of a quotation. And I may not read it now, but he reminded me of something brother Brandham said about mistakes. And he said, "Your mistake in this context, your mistake doesn't matter." God's not looking at your mistake. He's looking at your faith. So Jesus is giving us two aspects here. He's giving us two dimensions of prayer and intercession. One is not asking, one is speaking. And the other is asking in prayer. If you're going to speak the word, Jesus says the prerequisite for doing that is to make sure that there is no doubt, no doubt in your heart. Otherwise, you pray and you ask the Lord, Lord, I believe, help thou my unbelief. That's how we should pray. We should really pray that way now. Lord, I know you can. I believe you will. I I I do. But help me. Help me in my unbelief. Help me in my doubt. But if you're going to rise up, and the bride will. The prophet told us that in that last day the bride will have thus saith the Lord. And she will keep still until she has thus sayaith the Lord. And when she has it, she will do exactly what is spoken. And God will bring that to pass in her life. So, we're going to shake some mountains in the last of the last days. And we're shaking mountains now through prayer. But we're coming to a place of recognized authority. Is anybody here? When we begin to recognize our authority, it won't be asking anymore. It won't be begging or petitioning anymore, but a revelation will rise up in your heart. This is the will of God. And you will decree a thing, the Bible said. And what you decree without doubt in your heart will will it has to come to pass. Are you with me? So I want us to to turn. If you if you read along in your Bible, that's great. If not, they'll have it on the screen. God bless all of you streamers. Thank you for all your greetings. We see your prayer request. Uh God bless you in the Philippines, in uh Norway, in so many different places. And we we will pray. We will help you pray. We'll join our faith with yours over these requests. I want to go to Luke chapter 1. And uh I I I hesitate to read long portions of scripture because I know that our attention span can be extremely short in 2024. I'm asking you to stretch it for just a moment because I want you to grasp the context of these verses. Luke chapter 1 verse 5. There was in the days of Herod, the king of Judea, a certain priest named Zachcharias of the course of Abia, and his wife was of the daughters of Aaron, and her name was it was Elizabeth uh Elishva. And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord, blameless. That's having a pure heart before the Lord, real consecration and dedication. And they had no child because that Elizabeth was barren. And they both were now well stricken in years. Somebody had been trying a long time. Now it seemed as though there was no reason to even believe. The cycles of her body were failing and there was no reason to believe that they would ever bear a child. Well stricken, both of them in years. And it came to pass that while he Zachcharias executed the priest's office before God in the order of his course according to the custom of the priest's office. His lot was to burn incense when he went into the temple of the Lord. I believe many of you understand that the the priest served in courses and they would draw a lot to see what a course of priest what duty they would perform in the temple at a certain time in the cycle. And so it was the lot of Zachcharias and his course. The Bible tells us that they were to burn incense in the temple of the Lord. He goes on, "And the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the time of incense." I don't know if you know this or not, but the congregation of Israel would often gather in the outer court of the temple and they would make their prayers known to God at the precise moment that the priest was burning incense in the inside in the temple in the holy place. And they believed that what the priest was doing was symbolic. He was sending the smoke, the fragrance of the incense up toward God and that the people were praying at the same time. And it was as though their prayers were rising on the smoke of that incense as it went to the Lord. That's our praise. Remember, sometimes we'll say, "Let's spread our hands as they did in the evening sacrifice." It was it was an opportunity for them to lift up their hands and give offerings to God in praise while the priests were inside the temple carrying out the work and ministry of the temple. And so the people were praying and the smoke of the incense was rising. I can almost see that in my mind's eye. And there appeared unto him, Zachcharias, an angel of the Lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense. If I had enough time, I could preach a long time. No doubt you know that on this verse, it strikes me as so powerful. where the angel was standing. He was standing where the incense was rising up to God in praise and in intercession. And so we read on, "And when Zachcharias saw him, he was troubled and fear fell upon him." Don't criticize Zachcharias. You might would do the same thing. If an angel appeared to you, and many have seen angels, you don't have to see them for them to be present, but many have seen angels in various forms. And it will strike a chord of fear into your into your heart. And that's why they usually show up with a message, fear not, neither be thou afraid. because their holy presence brings an awe and a fear into the atmosphere. But the angel said unto him, "Fear not, Zachcharias, for thy prayer is heard, and thy wife Elizabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name Yohanan or John, and thou shalt have joy and gladness, and many shall rejoice at his birth, for he shall be great in the sight of the Lord." Are you there? Amen. He shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink. And he shall be filled, this is powerful, this hasn't happened before, he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost even from his mother's womb. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? Not after birth, not as a age of accountability, but even in his mother's belly, he will be filled with the Holy Ghost. That right there ought to be enough for you to understand that life is sacred on both sides, inside the mother's womb and outside the mother's womb. And so he goes on, "And many of the children of Israel shall he, John, turn to the Lord their God, and he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias, Elijah, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just." Notice he's not quoting the entire Malachi prophecy. He's only quoting a portion of Malachi's prophecy that the spirit of Elijah would forun the second coming of the Lord. And the disobedient to the wisdom of the just to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. How many of you would agree John had a great commission on his life? He really did. Let's go on. And Zachcharias said unto the angel, "Whereby shall I know this?" I don't even understand the King James in that verse. Whether whereby shall I know this, for I am an old man and my wife well stricken in years. You may not understand the old English of that, but the angel did. Come on. The angel knew exactly what Zacharias was saying. And by the way, Zachcharias wasn't speaking in in the king's English in that moment. Anyway, the angel knew exactly what he meant. I I want to read that for you before we go on. I'm afraid I'm going to lose you in reading this. But in the complete Jewish Bible, Dr. Stern says it this way. How can I be sure of this? An angel [Music] is standing in his midst. He must have carried a presence of authority. Because Zachcharias was terrified. The angel said, "Fear not. I'm going to give you a child." Your prayers have been answered. And that's like us. We pray and then we get surprised. When God moves on the scene, we say we believe and then when God does it, we wow, I wasn't expecting that. Well, what were you praying for? And so how can I be sure of this? For I am an old man. My wife too is well in years. And then the amplified said, "By what shall I know and be sure of this? How can I be sure that what you tell me is the truth?" Somebody say, "Wrong answer." That's the wrong answer. It grieved the angel. You remember the rest of the story? How by what shall I know and be sure of this? For I am an old man and my wife is well advanced in years. I like the fact that he smoothed it out when he was talking about his wife. He was old. She was well advanced in years. The the So, the gest of verse uh verse 18 here is how can I be sure of this? How am I going to know this is real? How am I going to know this is the real deal? For I'm an old man. And the angel answering said unto him, I am Gabriel. I am Gabriel. A and I have stood in the presence of God. And I am sent to speak unto thee and to show thee these glad tidings. And behold, thou shalt be dumb and not able to speak. Do you know why? Because he said the wrong thing, did you know there's a penalty? Did you know there's a price to pay? Anybody here for saying the wrong thing? This this man paid a price. You're going to be struck dumb until the day that these things shall be performed. You know what God was doing? He was saying, "There's one thing for sure. You'll never speak another word out of the out of doubt out of your mouth until I fulfill this promise in your life. I'm not going to let your mouth keep you from receiving the promise. It's a done deal because I said so. You don't know how it's going to happen, but I know it's going to happen. So, you're going to be I'm going to shut your mouth. I'm going to lock your lips and then I'm going to do what I said I was going to do and I'll loose your tongue. I like that. Lord have mercy. Maybe some of us need some of that lock jaw so we'll quit talking ourselves out of the blessing. Oh, I'm preaching to somebody. We keep talking ourselves out of the blessing when we need to be talking ourselves into the blessing. You you God is trying to qualify you in faith and you're disqualifying yourself. Oh my. Don't do it. Don't let your My mama used to say, "Don't let your mouth overload the rest of you. Come on now. Don't let your mouth run to the extent that you miss your opportunity to see your promise. We're talking about receiving a divine promise in fulfillment, in materialization, in manifestation from the Lord. So, uh be and listen to what he says. uh you won't talk until these things shall be performed because thou believe not my words which shall be fulfilled in their season. You see, there is a time that God's going to do it whether you like it or not. Yes, sir. That's what God was saying to Zachcharias. I'm not doing this because you believe. I'm doing this because it's my plan to do it, but I'm not going to let you talk against it. I like that. Yes, sir. These things are going to be fulfilled in their season. And the people waited for Zachcharias and marveled that he terried so long in the temple. He was one of those in there, get the work done and out kind of folk. You know, the kind you never get to speak to. Cuz they're in there and then out. You know how that goes sometime. They weren't used to Zachcharias lingering. There was a young brother lingering here in the presence of the Lord last night, weeping before God. and and some of them around fellowship began to miss that he was there a a and come looking for him because he was lingering a little while. There's nothing wrong with that sometime lingering a little while in the presence of God. So uh when he came out they found out he could not speak to them and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple for he beckoned unto them and remained speechless. And it came to pass that as soon as the days of his ministration were accomplished, he departed to his own house. And after those days, his wife Elizabeth conceived. Surprise. God did what he said he was going to do, even though Zachariah said the wrong thing. And she hid herself five months, saying, "Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me to take away my reproach among men. Thus hath the Lord dealt with me in the days wherein he looked on me to take away my reproach among men." Now, I want you to drop down to ver to the next verse, verse 26. I know this is, you know, timeconsuming, but I can't really believe that every one of you would go home and and read this. I I don't have full confidence in your homework uh assignments. So, I'm taking the time to read it for you if you'll forgive me. And in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel, same angel, was sent from God unto a city of Galilee named Nazareth, to a virgin, a spouse to a man whose name was Joseph or Yoseph of the house of David. And the virgin's name was Miriam or Mary. And the angel came in unto her and said, "Hail, thou art that art highly favored. the Lord. It's a salute. It's a salutation. Hail thou that art highly favored. The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women. And when she saw him, guess what? She had the same response. She was troubled at his saying and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be. And the angel said unto her, "Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found favor with God. And behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shall call his name Yeshua, Jesus. He shall be great. He shall be called the son of the highest. And the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David." Oh, that's powerful. And he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever and of his kingdom. Look at that. There shall be no end. Then said Mary unto the angel. She asked a question too. But her question was so different than the question that Zachcharias asked. She simply said, "How shall this be, seeing I know not a man?" You see, the angel Gabriel knew that this was a reasonable question. Just follow me a moment. There is a natural order of conception. And it was a reasonable uh question for her to ask the angel, "How am I going to bear a child seeing that I have not been intimate with any man?" There was no offense to the word of the Lord for asking a simple question. And the angel answered and said unto her, the Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee. Therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called, the son of God. Oh my goodness. And behold, thy cousin Elizabeth, remember her? She hath also conceived a son in her old age, and this is the sixth month. You know, the angel Gabriel wasn't as gracious as Zacharias was. The angel called her old age. She's old. And this is the sixth month with her who was called barren. God changed her name, didn't he? For with God, look at this. For with God, Zachcharias, you need to hear this. For with God nothing shall be impossible. Warrior bride, you need to hear this this morning. For with God nothing shall be impossible. And Mary said, "Hallelujah. Behold the handmade of the Lord." Yeah. Be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her. It's powerful. In the message led by the Holy Spirit. I want you to listen carefully. He said, "Watch. When the angel of the Lord met Zachcharias and told him up there he was going to have a son by his wife Elizabeth." Why? He said, "These things can't be. She's too old and I'm old." He said, "I'm Gabriel that stands at the right hand of God and in his presence. Because you doubted my words, you'll be dumb till the day the baby's born. For my word is going to be fulfilled in its season." That's another message I want to give the little bride today. The word of the Lord is going to be fulfilled in your life in its season if you can shut up your mouth and not doubt. If you can say the right thing instead of the wrong thing, God will do exactly what he said he was going to do for you. If God told you he had given you a companion, you hold on to the promise of God and believe that in the right season, in the due time, God will keep his word. He might not furnish you with number 2, 3, four, five, and six. Just a minute. Amen, brother. But he's got one for you. You can hold on to that promise. Yeah. Then he was stricken dumb till the day the child was born. They called him John. His mother did. And they said called her up a writing tablet for him. They asked her, "What are you going to name him?" And she she said, "You got to ask him." They got a writing tablet for him to write. He said his name he should he said his name is John God. Amen. I'm not going to preach on that. God had already named him. You parents, why don't you wait and hear from the Lord? Instead of naming him some fuzzy hippie name, [Music] why don't you seek the Lord and let him drop a name in your heart? Because the reality is God has likely named that child before it got here. So, you're not looking to Hollywood to figure out what to name him or some sports star somewhere. You're asking for the leadership of the Lord because there's a destiny connected to a name. When you put a name on a child, you you are establishing something in their future. So, you're not looking at a name book. You're not googling trendy names in 2024. You're not trying to find out what Joe Blow is naming his child down there in Egypt. You want to know the mind of the Lord. Somebody said, "I don't think God cares." I don't think you know what you're talking about. He does care. God had already named John before he was born. Then when the Holy Spirit, the angel of God, Gabriel, goes down in the city of Nazareth to a little Mary, he a wi a widowerower. He here she is with the oriental type probably with a water on her head, a water pot, packing it up to the washing, walking along the street. All at once a light flashes before her. She stopped. This is strange. Then something begins to materialize in that light. She looks standing there and there stood the great archangel said, "Hail Mary, it frightened the little virgin. Blessed art thou among women." She was frightened. It frightened you. It frightened me. There he was. Said, "You're going to have a baby knowing no man." She didn't argue about it. She said, uh, said, "The Holy Ghost is coming unto you and will overshadow you, and the holy thing will be called the Son of God." Stay with me. She said, "Behold the handmade of the Lord. Be it unto me according to the word." I want you to look at the yellow writing. Instead of arguing and questioning and going along like Zachcharias, I want you to see the contrast. Zachchariah was a priest in the holy temple, chosen from before his birth to serve the Lord. He knew the law. He dedicated his life to knowing the truth of God. He had become so religious and so starchy that he couldn't even believe that God was going to answer his prayer. He chose rather to look at his circumstances than to believe an angel who had come from the presence of the Lord. And then you've got a little maiden, a little virgin, a little teenage girl living with mom and daddy. not not religious. She didn't know the whole law. She only knew what had been taught her. Some of the extra biblical books suppose I'm not against it. I'm not I'm not introducing this as truth, but I'm just telling you it it's it certainly could be a a reality. Uh some of those extra biblical books written at that time suggest that she was one of of of a of a group of young maidens who were chosen. They were daughters of priests and uh or or daughters of of uh just and devout men. and their job was to make sure that the veil of the temple was uh always in good repair. Now, I don't know whether that's true or not, but it makes an interesting thought. She was not learned. She was not a scholar. She was just a humble little teenage girl. And God shows up and what he said to her through the angel was about to rock her world because her little her little place in the community as a daughter of a devout man and a righteous family was about to forever be shattered because the news was going to be spread in the matter of seconds. They had no telephones and they had no texting. Right. But how many of you know how that goes? You can telegraph. You can telephone or you can tell a woman. No offense cuz some men are pretty good at spreading stuff too. Especially some around here. Let me hear your amen. But they got the word around. You know that little mirror? You know that little Miriam? She presents herself to be so holy. Well, she may think that I haven't noticed her belly swelling, but I know that something has go. I never did trust that Joseph. He He's a sketchy sort of fella. Come on now. What the Lord had said to her through Gabriel was going to rock her world. It was going to change her standing in the community. She was never going to be looked at as the same. She wasn't going to be able to draw her water when everybody else was drawing their water like the woman at the well. She was going to be looked at and ridiculed. She was going to walk down the street and the neighbors were going to say, "There she is. I'm going to see how far I can get away from the pull pit." I knew I knew there was something loose about her. In today's society, she'd be called a hoe. And she was just as holy, just as clean, just as pure. In that moment that the angel showed up to her and said, "I'm going to perform a miracle in your life, and I'm going to give you a babe, overshadow you by the Holy Ghost, and that baby is going to be the son of God." In that moment, she didn't think about how it was going to rock her world. She didn't even think about what Joseph was going to think. He knew that he hadn't touched her. She She couldn't be concerned about that in that moment. She was receiving a divine promise from the Lord. And all she could do was say, "How can this be?" And when God gave her the answer, it was enough. No more reasoning, no more trying to figure it out, her response was an eternal amen. She said, "Be it unto me no matter what it cost me." Are you here according to thy word? Brother Brandham goes on. She just took God at his word. She didn't question and argue like Zachcharias. God give Zion tonight. Listen, some Marys. Oh God, give New Hope Church tonight. today some some Maryies men or women who will be like Mary and say, "I'm not going to argue with you, Lord. I don't know how you're going to do what you said, but I know you're not a God who lies. I'm going to take you at your word." Let's go on. She went out testifying. Uhoh. Now, isn't that the biblical order? You believe. Yes, sir. You you you accept it. You believe it. And you testify. You confess it. Yes, sir. She began to tell people, "I'm going to have a baby knowing no man." Oh my. Before she had any physical evidence at all, what did she have? God's word. I ask you again, what did she have? God's word. What do you have? Had they promised you something? She went out testifying. That's all that she needed. She went out and said, "I'm having a baby." The question came, "Have you felt life?" "No, sir." "Are you positive?" "I'm positive." "Well, if you haven't felt life, there's nothing. How do you know you're going to have it?" Nobody would have liked to have been married. God said so. Look at that rest of the thing there. So, you know that little slogan we say, "God said it. I believe it. That settles it." You can just leave your believing out. Because if God said it, that settles it. Your belief is only going to determine whether or not you receive your portion of the promise. Brother Vanam said, "God said so. That settles it." That was Mary's attitude. Are you going to get well? Yes, sir. Have you got any evidence? Yes, sir. What is it? God said so. That's right. It's good enough for me. I'm going to ask you this morning. Are you going to get well? H Have you got any evidence that you're going to get well? Are you going to get through that problem that you're going through right now? Have you got any evidence that you're going to Are you going to get out from under depression? Are you going to trust God to help you off of those anxiety drugs? Yeah. Are you going to put God to the test and believe him? Do you have any evidence? Then what is it? Help me. Help me. Help me. Help yourself. God said so. God said so. Do you hear that, devil? God said so. He said, "I'm going to give you your children, and your children are going to serve me." Do you have any evidence that they're turning toward the Lord now? Not with the natural eye. In fact, the natural eye is they get meaner every day. Somebody said, "I hear from them less and less." You know why? They're more and more miserable. And you know what your prayer ought to be? Instead of you asking us to pray them out of every problem they get into, get them out of every tough situation. Bail them out of every issue that they have. Oh, it got quiet then, didn't it? God gave you a promise. You got to trust God. You got to believe that God knows how to get their attention. Sometimes he does it with a little squeezing. Sometimes he has to ring them out a little bit to get their attention. Do you want us to pray that they'll quit being rung out? Or do you want us to agree with you that God has given you a promise for your lost loved ones? Now that's rubber meet the road. That's just rubber meet the road. No. No. I'm not going to pray to get them out of jail. I'm going to tell you something else. I'm not going to postpone for them anymore. I've done that. That ship has sailed. If they're there, they may be exactly where God wants them to be. We almost had two young men from our church hauled to the to the uh to the what do you call them? You know what's some pokey? Is that what they used to say? We almost had two young men on a golf cart around here uh hauled to the pokey last night and one of them said to the other, "What would we have done if they'd have to and and we had to call your dad?" "Well, according to what I'm preaching today, I might have had to tell you. Maybe that's where you're supposed to be. Maybe you're supposed to preach to those that are in there. If you're there, it's not just you didn't do anything to be locked up, but if you're there, there may be a reason for it. Do you at least get my point? God, heal them. God, take care of them. God, do this and do that and Lord, help pay their bills and give them a better job and all the kinds of prayers that well-meaning parents want the man of God to pray. Well, I want you to know that what you need to do at times like that is take your hands off. God's given you a promise. Do you have any evidence? Put that back up for me, would you? Do you have any evidence? Yes. What is your evidence? God God said so. It's good enough for me. Is it good enough for you? Are you going to let God have his You're not down praying God break every bone in their body. Don't dare pray such a foolish prayer as that. Don't pray that they'll that they will know suffering and heartache and and humility and and be humiliated. Don't don't pray such a prayer as that. But don't always pray them out of every situation they find themselves in. Trust God. Believe that he has given you a promise. Oh, that went over like a lead balloon. You'd think I was serving somebody a rat sandwich this morning. They don't want none of that. Have you got any evidence? I do. What is it? God said so. That's right. It's good enough for me. In the message, believest thou this, he said, now to you people here in a wheelchair. If those people here last night walk from a wheelchair, if this man from a crippled bed and so forth for all those years, it's so in your case. Amen. All right. Notice there he was. He went home after the days his wife conceived and at the point she was about six months along something like that. Then God sent Gabriel back again. Amen. Here he come. I see a little old girl living down in Nazareth. A poor humble family. Her name Mary about 18 years old engaged to a man that had been married before a widowerower had some children. And here they come along. She's walking. Maybe it's wash day. She's got water on her head, an oriental type of packing water from a well. All at once, a big bright light flashed before her. There in a bright light stood Gabriel, the angel of God said, "Hail Mary, blessed art thou among women. You found favor with God. You're going to have a child knowing no man, and he'll be called the son of God." That's a good summary. He said, "Look, the priest doubted Gabriel's word." Doubt will get you in trouble. Right? Saying the wrong thing will get you in trouble. Asking the wrong question can get you in trouble. This is believing. But Mary, I want somebody to say, just play along with me. But Mary, I want you to say, "But Mary, but Mary," this religious priest who knew the exploits of God, and yet when it come to a personal promise, he wasn't sure how God was going to sort that out. Wow. But Mary, Zachcharias had nothing to lose except the the shadow that had been over his wife for being barren in that culture. That's all he had to lose. He had nothing else to lose. If God said it, why wouldn't you just grab a hold of it and believe it? All you've got to lose is a little shadow of reproach that's been on your family. Mary had everything to lose. She could have lost her engaged husband, espoused husband. She certainly lost some of her friends, perhaps some of her family, but Mary and he had something to believe that happened before that time. Everything that God wanted to do for Zacharias and Elizabeth, he had done before. There was a Bible precedent. God did it for Abraham and Sarah, God did it for Hannah. Hello. But Mary didn't have nothing, right? Because never a baby had been born without being well, you know, like a man and wife. But she was going to have a baby by the Holy Spirit. Can you imagine her trying to explain that? No wonder the songwriter said from scripture, who who could believe such a thing? How could this be poss? And instead of doubting him, what did she say? Behold, I need your help. Somebody's teetering back and forth today about whether or not to grab a hold of a promise that's been made to them. Let's see if we can push them over the edge in the right direction. Let's pull on the word just a moment or two before we go. Be it unto me according to thy word. Hallelujah. Oh, that's what we need is some more Marys. God's looking for a people that will take God at his word. Mary said, "Behold the handmade of the Lord." What uh what paragraph is that? Did I get lost? But she was going to have a baby by the Holy Spirit. And instead of doubting him, that's right. What we need is some more marriage. Take God at his word. Now go on. She didn't wait till she felt life. She didn't wait till the baby kicked. She didn't wait till she had indigestion. She didn't wait on a back cramp. She began testifying. This wasn't something that had happened before. She was getting some strange looks. Yeah, I've heard some strange things. But she believed and she started testifying, I'm going to have a baby. And as soon as she wasn't even married, she was only a spouse. They hadn't actually had their vows. There had been no intimacy. They were only espoused. And she's already telling people, "I'm going to have a baby." Poor girl. She's off her rocker. I always knew she was weird. I knew she was strange. Odd. That girl has been odd. Her great aunt. That girl has been odd since she was born. She's always had the wildest imagination of any child in the family. You can never you can't even guess what she's going to come up with next. But she began to testify, "I'm going to have a baby." He said, "Hallelujah. As soon as God's word sinks in your heart, get up. Yes, sir. And give a testimony. And like I said last night, it don't have to be drawn out and you don't have to tell every detail and put every piece of the puzzle together for the one you're testifying to. You can do it with faith in a rather short amount of time. God said it. I believe it. It's done. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. If somebody comes asking, you can give them all the details they've got time to hear. He's not talking about demanding everyone's attention to tell your story. He's talking about giving a witness immediately that God has made a promise and I'm going to hold on to that promise. Zachcharias wasn't sure. Mary was sure. She didn't wait. Let's go on. That's it. When God takes the Holy Spirit and brings that word to you and makes it alive to you, a reality that your faith stand up and claim it. I want you to look at your neighbor. I I I don't feel you enough. I hear you, but I don't feel you enough. I want you to look at your neighbor and and I want you to to repeat that to them. I want you to say when that sinks in when when when that reality stand up and claim it. Look at your neighbor. Stand up and claim it. You all don't do what you're told, do you? I thought if someone turned to their neighbor and said, "Stand up and claim it." I thought maybe somebody would stand up and claim it. There you go. There you go. There you go. Somebody say, "This is crazy." I don't care what you say. Stand up and claim it. It's mine. Your word said, "It's mine. I'm going to have my promise. It's mine. I'm not going to spend my time questioning God. I'm going to stand up and claim it. Hallelujah. [Applause] Well, I'm waiting to feel better. Don't Don't Don't wait to feel better. A many a person has given their miracle away. Yes, sir. Because before they got to the car, they said to somebody on the way out, "I don't feel any different." Now, you ought to be able to tell your companion everything, but you ought to be careful what you tell them. You're you're driving home at night and and your wife's been prayed for and the husband turns and he said, "Honey, do do you feel any different?" First of all, that's not even a biblical believing question. That's right. Because it's not how you feel. Did God touch you tonight? Did God help you tonight? Did God strengthen you tonight? Did he meet you there tonight? That's a good question. Then the wife can say instead of saying, "Yeah, I mean, I went up. They called me up, but I don't feel any different." In that moment, she can say, "Yes, I'm claiming that my healing is a done deal. I'm claiming that my promise is secure." You may think that sounds like crazy talk, but I want you to know sometimes God's talk is crazy. It's crazy talk. We know he's Jehovah Rafa and we know he's Jehovah Sikanu and we know he's Jehovah Ni. We know all of these things. But sometimes we fail to remember that he's Jehovah sneaky. [Applause] And he sneaks up sometimes on us because he wants to bless us. And before we get the blessing, we talk ourselves right out of the faith. Well, I didn't feel any better. didn't even feel a tingle. It's quiet in here, but it is true. And thank you for saying so. It is true. Hallelujah. When God takes the Holy Spirit and brings that Amen. Stand up and claim. You don't have to feel nothing, see nothing, he said, or nothing. You don't have to smell anything. You don't have to feel any kind of tingle. Let let me be real real for somebody. You may still hurt. If you're waiting not to hurt to thank God for healing you, you're missing your blessing. Don't lie. You can speak faith without telling a lie. You can say, "I'm claiming the promise." If somebody says, "Well, how are you feeling? Are you feeling it better?" I'm claiming the promise. Don't lie. You don't have to say, "I feel great." No pain. If you've got pain, but you can say, "I'm I'm claiming the promise. I'm healed. I'm healed. I'm healed." Yes, sir. Don't wait on there to be an absence of pain. Don't wait for something to be changed. Don't wait till you see it or hear it or smell it. Brother Brandham gets quite carried away in this. He said, "You don't have to feel nothing, see nothing, or nothing. You have to believe something." And he screams, "Amen." And then he says, "I'm not amening myself, but it means so be it. I'm amening the reality of what the Lord has spoken over my life." Amen. Is there more in that one? Then go to the next one. Are you still here? Yes, this one is I am the resurrection and the life. Now look at the difference between Zachcharias, that minister, that priest who had studied the scriptures over and over and over and over and over and over again had plenty of examples. Sarah, Hannah, and so forth back in the Old Testament, plenty of examples. God wasn't even stretching his imagination. God was just promising him what he'd already done, but he doubted it. So, but this little girl didn't doubt. She said, "Behold, the handmade of the Lord, be it unto me according to thy word." Brother Brandham says, "What a difference." I'm asking you, I'm laying this on you today. Is there going to be a great difference in you? Who are you going to relate to? Are you going to relate to Zachcharias who refuses to to look at the examples that God's already done that and it's easy for him to do it again? Are you going to have to have it proven to you? Is God gonna have to strike you dumb? Dumber. No offense. You're supposed to say none taken. Oh, some of you did get a little offended. It's God going to have I'm going say it again then. Is God going to have to strike you dumber to keep you from speaking against what he has promised? He can. Yes, he can. Now, this is this is this is the quotation that stirred all this inspiration. I I was listening to this. He said, "Now, sometimes you can you you better hear this. I know I'm wearing on your nerves, but you got to hear this. I hope I hadn't wore you out so that you can't hear this." He said, "Now, sometimes you can callous yourself." Now, now somebody tell me what a callous is. It's a hard place of skin that starts hardening guitar. You just ask a guitar player what a callous is. Just ask a a a hardworking man who works with his hands what a callous is. You can get them on your hands. You can get them on your feet. just a heart. And I want you to know there there is a callus that gets so bad it can hurt underneath that thing and split and you can have all kinds of problems. So you all know what a callous is. It's a place that's getting w worn. It's getting worn and it gets hard. It really changes the nature of the skin. Now sometimes you can callous yourself reading the Bible like reading a newspaper. I'mma wait on that one. And having about the same kind of faith that you would have in one newspaper. Anybody remember what a newspaper is? Then you callous yourself. You have to become almost numb to the bad news. Because the world is full of it. Our nation is full of it. You can really become indifferent to people's suffering. Sitting right there watching the news about how people are suffering in the world. You can begin to read the Bible like you would a newspaper, trying to find out who was in the car wreck. Were they okay? You can take God's word and start reading it and and and getting so callous that nothing is quickened in you. That's my promise. I'm reading my story. God's word is saying that to me. How many of you believe it takes a personal revelation? God taking that word and quickening it to you. He said when you read God's word, hello. Believe it. It's just like it says it is there and now. Now, as soon as she as soon as she read this or or seen this before her and the angel of the Lord said, "You're going to have a baby. Look what she had to believe. She had to believe something that had never happened. Zachcharias didn't have to. Plenty times did that happen through the scripture. Plenty of examples. But Mary had to believe something that was total impossible and had never happened before. Now, now let me ask you about your problems now, brother. Has God ever healed you personally of anything in your life? Have you ever had a healing? You knew God had touched you. Let me see your hand. Yes, sir. Is that a lot of us? That's that's about the majority of us. And sometimes it's hard to know because we've run for the for the Advil and the Alie and come on and the Tylenol. And it's hard to know sometime what's helping us. Is it prayer or is it a pill? Hello. I'm not against that. I'm just telling you that that may be why some can't raise their hand. I I would like to tell you that God has healed you and sometimes so profoundly that he was sparing your life and you didn't always realize that. One more time, let me see the hand of every person who'd say you've seen God heal. Well, let me ask you this. How many of you have ever known anybody that that had a healing and you had confidence in that? you believe that God healed them. I'm talking to brother Garvis on the phone the other night and and uh you know he's been given this he's been given this mandate and he's going to take 24 to 48 hours to make a decision. And so I said, "Well, how does that you know what does that look like?" He said, "Well, I can either I can either go on the dialysis or or and I kept waiting on the ore." And the ore was unseen. It was unspoken because we both knew the reality. Without a miracle, he was going to die. And I said, "Brother, you want to live. You want to live for your family. Yes. You want to live to serve the Lord. So, you have no decision. That's right. It don't take 24 to 48 hours. You've got to choose to live. And I said, "But brother, you know, say with me, you know that God is a healer." Amen. He said, "Brother Shelly, if anybody knows [Music] that God is a healer, I know he's a healer." He saw what God can do. Yeah, little Casey Hannah, four years old with leukemia that so defeated her immune system that she caught a fungus that's present around us every day of our lives. But our immune system suppresses and kicks that off. Her immune system couldn't handle it. And that fungus began to grow in her body. You know it. Until it attached itself to the bone and began to eat the bone of the brain plate, the the skeletal plate that holds the brain. I was present when she blew her nose and bone fragments came out her nose because the fungus was destroying not only the optic nerve that's left her with no sight in that eye, but was destroying the plate that the brain sat on. And the doctors knew nothing to do for her. Now they will claim their their horse medicine. This what they used. They used livestock medicine to try to help her. But I want you to know they didn't even have a lot of hope in their own medication. And they told them so. I'm in Canada and I get a word from the Lord, a real promise from the Lord. And it was the hardest phone call I've ever had to make in my life. And I called Brother Garvis. And if I can remember correctly, he was either on the parking deck or had just come from the parking deck of the hospital where he had paced every morning crying out to God. I got to go back a minute. They couldn't have children. They lost a child. They had come to my uh anniversary. What What would it have been? My 20th anniversary. My 20th preaching anniversary. And had given me a a a card. They I had signed papers for them to be foster parents. and they were in the process of getting uh a foster child because they couldn't have any children of their own. To my anniversary, they bought me a card. And in the card, they wrote their good news. God has performed a miracle. What the doctor said would never happen has happened. And God gave them a child. And they named that child Casey Hannah. And they gave her back to the Lord. Now, four years later, something is trying to destroy her life. And the word of the Lord came, call Garvis and ask him if he is willing to give Casey back to him. And I said, Lord, how did you mean? What does that mean? How how serious is this? He said, "Like Abraham was willing to lay his promised son on the altar." You tell him, "If he's willing to do that, I will raise her up for my glory." That was a hard call to make. I was sobbing. And you know what his answer to me was? the most profound faithfilled answer that anybody could really give. I said, "Brother Garvis, are you willing to do that? Are you willing to give her up? Are you willing to lay her on the altar and say, "God, you gave her to me, and if it's your pleasure to take her, come and get her. I want you to think about your children, grandchildren, the ones you love so much. I don't even want to think about it." And you know what he said to me? You may think it sounds a little gruff. Well, he's not known for his congenial personality. I can't imagine where all that come from. But moving right along, he said, "Brother Shelly, what choice do I have? God gave her to me. What choice do I have but to give her back to God?" Hello. Amen. Hello. And I said, "You're absolutely right. We're going to believe God when you pray that prayer. You you go right back to where you've been pacing and you tell God exactly what we've discussed on this phone and you mean it with every fiber of your being. And if you'll do your part, I'm sure that God will do his part." Yes, sir. Her condition worsened. She could no longer eat. She was wasting away. Her body wasn't even responding to the medicine that was given to her. And her legs were bone and skin. The doctors said, "Whatever you do, don't bring her don't take her to that camp meeting." They explain the atmosphere, the sawdust on the ground, and you put a if, you know, if she were to be anywhere like put a mask on and so forth, etc. And you know, when people get to dancing down there, uh, in those days, it'd kick up the dust. And they were concerned about her. Of course, they were. But they brought her to a service that night. And if you'll remember, Brother Garvis carried her to the front to be prayed for. We hadn't even had her in a service in a terrible long amount of time and her little legs had shriveled. And we begin to pray. The saints begin to pray and we begin to claim the promise that God had given to brother Garvis. And God so miraculously touched her. How many of you were there? Let me see your hand. You see these hands. God so miraculously touched her and she hadn't eaten for days. He's so moved on her behalf and we were having a right here where the church sits. The tent was up and we were serving snacks and food after the service in a tent right here on this spot and they said to Casey Hannah, "Would you like something to eat?" And she had been refusing food and unable to eat food. Do you know what she said? I might take a hamburger. And she ate that hamburger and if I remember correctly started on another hamburger and of course those who knew she hadn't eaten anything, they knew a greasy hamburger wasn't what you give a child. But God so sustained her and strengthened her and she began to improve and God began to heal her. And her testimony is written up in a in a book about modern medical miracles. And that doesn't bother me at all because I know she's not a medical miracle. She's a Bible miracle. God wasn't asking Zachcharias to believe something that he hadn't already done. So, no wonder, Brother Garvey said to me, "If anybody believes that God can heal, I believe that God can heal." I want you, maybe it wasn't as extraordinary as that. But if you have ever been healed and you know that it wasn't the doctor's medicine that may have helped you to get to a place where you had to call on him, But you know that God moved for you. If that's ever happened to you, God is not asking you today to believe something that you don't know anything about. He's asking you to believe. If you've ever seen God touch a barren womb, [Music] I get to be connected on Facebook to people from conferences and conventions that I've preached around the world. And I get to see the former mayor quite often in in uh Red Deer, Alberta, Canada. I get to see him with his daughter and his son when the doctors had said they couldn't have children. And God gave us a word one night that they could have children. And I get to watch those kids grow up on Facebook knowing that God can do that. See, God's not asking you to believe something that you have no grid for believing. If you believe it, you've ever known a situation where God put a I tell you, he put Casey Hannah. God gave the her to them when they couldn't have any. God's not asking you to believe something that he's never done before. That was Mary. Zachcharias wasn't in that place. And yet he doubted. Put that quote up. Let's finish. I didn't mean to get into that. I got to stop now. Somebody will get me. You better be ready when you do. But Mary had to believe something was totally impossible and it never happened before. But yet she didn't stagger at it. She just said, "Behold the handmade of the Lord. Be it unto me." She did what? You believe that's a good thing to do? And today, right here now, while hundreds of people around the world have been healed in these grand campaigns, in this latter revival that's sweeping the world right today, right at the this minute, dozens and scores of people in meetings here in the United States are being healed right now by the power of God. That was the great sweeping healing revival. Brother Brandham certainly wasn't putting it on himself. He was saying all over the country, God's healing. It's a it's a healing revival. Plenty of examples every day, every night. And yet we sit and wonder. God, why don't you do this and why don't you do that? Here's the answer, folks. Read it for me, would you? Take God at his word. Mary said, "Behold the handmade of the Lord." She started rejoicing. She was happy. God had promised it. She knowed that she was going to have a baby. How about you musicians slipping this way and and sit? This will relax some of the people to see you moving closer. They'll know they're just a few minutes closer to me shutting up. God had promised it. She knowed she was going to have a baby. She didn't wait till she felt life. She didn't wait till she was positive. She didn't She didn't wait on a pregnancy test. She didn't wait on the doctor to tell her. She didn't wait on her blood work to come back. We know the hour where she was. She didn't wait till any visible sign. She just did what? She believed what the angel said was the truth. There you are. The trouble of it is The trouble of it is we question God. Well, isn't that reasonable? Yes, it's reasonable if we question God with the right attitude like Mary did. But not like Zachcharias did. What's my proof? He said, 'I got to see some proof before I can believe. Mary just said,"I don't know how this thing's going to be, but once he told her how it was going to be, you're going to be overshadowed by the Holy Ghost." She just said, "I believe that. I believe that. Be it unto me according to thy word." That's the biggest amen, wasn't it? Are you still here? You're you're you're kind of wiggling around like you're fixing to leave. Bar the door. Don't let him out. Just kidding. He said, "The trouble of it is we question God. And if we question God, we can't believe God." Faith, faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things you don't see, taste, feel, smell, or hear. Amen. Amen. I began to feel a little religious right now. All right. Oh, take God at his word. She began to rejoice and praise God just as soon as she heard. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word of God. Is that right? Faith cometh by hearing. Soon as you hear the word of God that says you can be set free, it believe it. Rejoice with it. God will show you the evidence. Yes. After. That's the Bible order. But first you do what? You don't say, "Lord, I got to see proof. Lord, the only way this could happen is if you open the windows of heaven and poured out a blessing." And the prophet said, "All right, you'll see it with your eyes, but you won't be able to taste the abundance. God's going to deal with you. Christ died for sinners. I believe it. I accept it. I start rejoicing. God works righteousness by it. I believe he was striped for my healing. I believe it. I accept it. God's God's works healing for me. It's for me. It's for me. See, it's for me. Is that the end of that one? Just as soon as I believe. He can't help me till I believe. Whoop. What you mean I didn't yell that one? He can't help me till I believe. Pastor, I've prayed and I've prayed and I've prayed and I've not seen God move for my situation. Then I am I'm compelled to ask you a very uncomfortable question. Have you been reading the word of God like a newspaper? Have you become so callous to its promises that you can no longer see yourself in God's economy? The question is, do you believe it? Because he can't help you till you believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. He said, I've got to believe and confess it first and then Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Elas, read that out loud without the mic. God's under obligation. And if he's Almighty God, he can do all things. And if he cannot do all things, he's not Almighty God. Woo. That's getting close to the I mean, that's nitty-gritty, isn't it, sir? One more and we're closed. I don't know where Shawano, Wisconsin is, but Brother Brandham found it. He said, "But look at Mary. When the Holy Ghost told her, you're going to have a child knowing no man." And she didn't reason it. She just took him at his word. There you are. She went around testifying that she was going to have a baby knowing no man before she was positive of anything. Oh, I hope you see it. She took God at his word. She didn't wait. Excuse this imp excuse this expression. You'd listen to a doctor, but I'm your brother. She didn't wait till she felt life. She didn't wait till something taken place. She could see naturally that she was going to be a mother. She just took the angel's word. When the angel said, "You're going to have a baby knowing no man." She said, "Behold, the handmade of the Lord be unto me according to thy word." And she went around all downcast and forsaken. She went around rejoicing that she was going to have a baby before she had one evidence that the baby was coming outside the word of God. What evidence do you need outside the word of God? Oh, sister, do that tonight. You and you and all of you. Take God at his word and start rejoicing, saying, "God said so. That settles it. God said so, that settles it. God said so, that settles it. I will rejoice anyhow. I don't have to feel nothing or nothing else. I just believe it." Oh, and you'll see an oldfashioned revival sweep this country, burning out sin. Every church fill up. What a time it'll be if men and women will do that much. Take God at his word and be expecting him to do what he said he would do. You're the children of Abraham. That's only to the promise, folks. The promise is ours. Let's stand together. What was the difference between Zacharias and Mary? Zachcharias said the wrong thing. And God had to sew his lip shut so that he wouldn't talk himself out of the blessing. I I've said that more than once. I'm wondering if anybody has been able to recognize the possibility that somewhere in your life you talked yourself out of the blessing. I'm sure I've done it. But I know better this morning, this afternoon now. I know better. And I don't ever have to be guilty of talking myself out of it again. Brother Brandham said to brother Jimmy Gillette and also to uh the songwriter Barker, Fred Barker, one of these days you'll say the right word, you'll say the right thing and you'll come out of that wheelchair. Boy, I'd be trying to figure out what the right thing was. It'd be pretty discouraging as the years went by and they're still sitting in that wheelchair. It'd be pretty discouraging, wouldn't it? But I would be studying trying to find out what I was saying wrong and what I could say that would come into agreement with God's word. Your amen to the promise is vital for the fulfillment of that promise in your life. Lord, I believe. Would you tell him right now, Lord? [Music] With men, things are impossible, but nothing is impossible with you, Lord. Amen. I want you to just lift your faith to him right now. Lord, I believe. I want you to know your marriage is not hopeless. I want you to know God can work miracles in your life, in your relationship, if you'll let him do it. If you'll take him at his word, if you'll believe. Maybe you're saying, "You don't know how mean he is." You don't know how mean she is. Listen, God knows and he knows how to change somebody. He's changed many of us in this room, and he's still in the changing business. But I've had this infirmity all of these years, and every time I I got to where I could get in the water, somebody beat me in. How many of you know his answer was standing right there. He didn't need to get in the water. He needed only to believe. I don't know what your divine promise is, but I'm sure you've got one. I'm sure somebody said, "I I maybe I've never received a personal promise from the Lord." The book's full of them. The Bible is full of them. The Bible is full of promises that are yay and amen. The message of the hour is full of promises for the last day bride that are yay and amen. Can we believe? Lord, we must. We must. Benjamin, lead us in worship. And we'll come back in just a moment and pray. I want you to take this as your opportunity to claim. I claim it. It's mine. Let your faith rise up now as we worship him in spirit and in truth. And we'll pray in just a moment. All throughout my history, come and worship him. faithfulness has walked beside me. You're a faithful God. The winter storms made way for spring [Music] in every season. From where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness. Is that your testimony? All over my life. Come get your promise. Come on. All over my eyes. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Oh yes. And all throughout my history. Jesus, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms made way for spring. [Music] In every season from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness. You've given me no all over my life. Lord, oh my life. Oh, and I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. They're all over my life. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. Oh, it's all over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment. [Music] All over my life. All over my life. Help me remember that when I'm weak that fear will come but fear will leave. You lead my heart to victory. You are my strength and you always will be. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. Lord, it's all over my life. Oh, and I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. Oh, they're all over my life. Oh, I see. And I see the evidence of your goodness. All over my life. Oh, they're all over my life. Oh, and I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence it's sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence it's sinless. All my sin was rolled away. Because of you, oh Jesus, I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you, oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness. Oh, it's all over my life. Oh, all over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. Oh, all over my life. Lord, we believe that what you have done, you are still able to do. And now as a body of believers, we join our faith together to say, "Lord, you've never given us a reason to doubt you. You have always been faithful. Your goodness has always covered our lives. For many of us, it was even when we weren't serving you that you protected us. your grace reaching for us time and time again. We've seen you move on our behalf when it looked like there was no reason to hope. And so today, we bring these divine promises back to you. Everything that you have said was ours. We lift it up to you, Lord. like an offering spread before your throne. And we say, Lord, we believe. And when unbelief creeps in, give us grace and wisdom to push it down. May we soon step into the hour that there is no doubt in our heart and we can proclaim and decree your word without any doubt and watch you perform. Lord, you showed me one time in in in Torqui, England, sitting on the balcony overlooking the the the English Channel, the bay. You showed me that there were angels assigned to watch over your promised word and that even when we couldn't see the promise or see the angel, they acted as guardians over the promise so that it wouldn't totally be lost. And in those moments that we would forget to lift those promises up to you, those angels were holding those promises up to you. Lord, I'm asking you right now to remind us that even in those moments that we have failed to dare to believe that you have watched over that word and guarded it just like you did in the first creation. And so today, we're stepping up to take our place. We're going to guard the promises that you have swn into us by your word. And we're going to knock again. And we're going to believe again. And we're going to testify again that you are more than able. Move us. Shift us. set us where you want us to be that we might be better positioned. You know what I believe? I believe God is setting us up and getting us ready for profound miracles. [Music] I don't believe that God is emphasizing faith just to waste our time. I believe God is looking for some folks among us who will dare to believe even the crazy promises. The ones that seem impossible. Oh yes. I'm just wondering who will be one of those. Who will be one of those that will just step up and claim the promise? No matter what it looks like, no matter how wild it sounds, if God said it, you'll just take him at his word and believe. Let let's let's believe that there will be those among us who will recognize the place where they have become callous in their faith and they will begin to uh believe that God will pour oil on those callous places of our faith that they would be nimble again and that our faith could be proactive again. Jesus, you promised the royal seed of Abraham that we would inherit and walk in the faith of Abraham who called those things that are not as though they are. So today, Lord, I'm asking you to raise up. It only takes a handful among us to begin to believe, to dare, to believe, to dare to testify to one another that there is nothing impossible with you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give him your need right now. Lord, I believe. Give him your need, Lord. I believe for my own body. Lord, I believe right now, Lord. I believe for my loved ones right now. I believe for broken relationships in my family. Tell him right now, Lord, I believe. I believe for full restoration. Lord, I believe that that all of my children are going to find their position in the kingdom in these last days. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe all my grandchildren are going to be lined up with God's purposes in the end time. It looks impossible, but I'm going to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." I dare to believe. I'm going to dare to testify. I'm going to find me a neighbor to tell. I'm going to find somebody. I'm going to find a brother or a sister to tell that I am holding on. Refusing to let go. I'm going to see my bulldog faith activated for my promise right now. And I'm not going to worry. Somebody needs to confess. I'm not going to worry. I'm not going to fret. I'm going to take God at his word. I'm going to quit begging and I'm going to start declaring. She will have. She will have. She will have. Thus sayaith the Lord. Or she will keep still. Lord, we ask you right now. Would you join your faith with someone near you before we go? You don't have to know their need. Just say, "Lord, I come into agreement right now with the faith of my sister, with my brother. I don't know what their need is, particularly the one they're holding before you right now, but Lord, you do." Hallelujah. Make sure that most everyone has somebody to agree with them right now. I agree, Lord, with the faith of my brother. I agree with the faith of my sister right now. I believe for total healing. I believe for total restoration. Hallelujah. Now I feel faith. Faith can be felt. It can be tangible at times. I'm feeling faith rising. It's the power of agreement because you took the time and cared enough to say, "I'm coming into agreement with your faith for whatever you're believing God for." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, I believe a buyer is on the way to buy my house. Lord, I believe a buyer is on the way to buy my propert. Lord, I believe you've got my next place. Come on, Lord. I believe. I don't know how I'll ever find somebody to give me what it's worth. That's not a confession you want to make. Lord, I believe that you're preparing somebody right now for their next chapter and to help me get to mine. Praising you. I'm praising you right now. I'm just helping somebody. Come on. My God. Jesus. You said whosoever had the faith to say to the mountain, "Be thou removed and plucked into the sea, And the prophet of God tells us that we're not waiting to see the mountain moved all the way before we start praising and confessing and believing. He said, "If just one grain of sand rolls down the other side, we've got something to praise God for." Sometimes God moves it all at one time and sometimes he moves it a spoonful at a time. But nonetheless, he's worthy. He's worthy. He's worthy to be praised. I can take him at his word. He signed my check. When he says it, I have no reason to doubt. He has all of the resources to fulfill his promise. But it's a hard case. Let me tell you something. There are no hard cases with God. But so and so is an atheist and he doesn't believe in God. Remember what we've told you. God doesn't believe in atheist. Hallelujah. How can you be bitter and blame a God for something when you don't believe there is a God? That doesn't make any sense, does it? There are no hard cases. Lord, break through the veils of darkness and doubt and unbelief. Untangle the mindsets that are so satanically inspired. Untangle those mindsets. Lord, I'm asking you right now to untangle the wires right now and let faith be born in the heart like a little but like a little button, like a little tiny light. Let faith begin to to show up and shine. Jesus, let somebody make up their mind to get out of the boat. Yes, [Music] Lord. I have no desire to drown today. Nevertheless, at thy word, I'll come. I'll come. I'll get out of the boat. I'll trust my future in your hands. Sink, swim, or die. I'm going to put my confidence in the God whose love is chasing me, whose goodness and mercy is chasing me. I want us to stretch our hands now to the Lord. And I want you to thank him as though the answer has already come to manifestation. As though you've already seen the materialization of what you believe for. I want you to thank him as it's done. Lord, I thank you right now that your word is accomplished in my life. I I thank you that we have appropriated victory. Hey Lord, I thank you right now. Somebody needs to call the thing done. Name it. You don't have to scream it. Name it quietly. Name it quietly right now. Somebody needs to let it come out of your mouth. It can come out as a whisper. If it's private, you don't have to shout it, but speak it right now. I thank you, Lord. That bill is paid. I thank you that the debt is canceled. I thank you that you've made a way. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. I'm waiting on someone who will just lift your voice before you go and give God a praise. Come on. I don't know what to say. They say, "Hey, [Music] hallelujah. It's mine. It's mine. It's mine. I may not deserve it, but it's mine because you said it was. That's the evidence. You said it. That's the evidence. You said it and I believe it all over my life. All over my life I see your promises in fulfillment time and time again. All over my life. Oh, they're all over my life. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. Oh, it's all over my life. Oh, and I see your promises in fulfillment. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. Bring the music down and I want to hear the voices singing. This is a testimony. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. I hear the spirit of the Lord saying he is directing you to position yourself. [Music] He's directing you to position yourself to receive the promise. Somebody said, "I have no idea what that means." If you need rain, you better dig a ditch. [Music] If you need God to supply your need so the debt can be paid, you need to borrow some vessels. These are symbol. We're talking about symbolically. You need to do something symbolically in faith. We call it prophetic act. You need to do something that will symbolize your positioning to receive the promise. Lord, I'm doing that right now. I'm going to get my little shoe box and bring it with me. Oh, yeah. Believing for my feet to be made whole. See, it's the same kind. It's the same kind of thing. It's the same kind of thing. I'm going to believe the Lord. I'm going to ask him to to direct me to position myself. Somebody's going to have to have a shift in your vocabulary. But God knows how to do that. And somebody keeps saying, "I don't know. I don't know. I don't know." You do know because the evidence is in the word. You do know. You do know. Faith is in the room. Lord, we believe. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. Only believe all things. [Music] [Music] mama. God's going to bring healing to your child. Hold on. Hold on right now. God's going to do some rewiring. Hold on to him right now. Lord, I believe that all things, [Music] holy, holy, holy. [Music] Somebody should expect an answer in the mailbox. Expect it. Hallelujah. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. [Music] [Music] Someone is concerned about an unhealthy relationship that one of your family members has and you are able to clearly see that it is unhealthy and that it is not of God. And the Lord wants you to be reminded that he is going to sever that. He's going to cut that off. Your loved one is not going to lose their destiny. Hallelujah. He's going to bring an end to an unhealthy and ungodly relationship. Praise him. You ought to know that more than one can can claim a promise. Oh Lord, I believe. Woo! [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Would you just greet the saints? Would you just turn to someone and give them a big God bless you? Tell them you're going to agree with their faith for whatever they're believing for. [Music] I'm going to help you pray it through. [Music] [Music] [Music] Um, I I just heard this phrase clearly from the Lord. Every little baby needs a bed. Every little baby needs a bed. [Music] Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. I don't have to understand it. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. That all things Jesus is singing it. Sing it. [Music] Jesus. Oh Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things, all things are possible. Jesus [Music] is here. Lord, to the best of our ability, we take you at your word. We don't have to understand it to believe it. Lord, as we leave this house today, it's been good to be in your presence. For some, it's been good to be reminded that faith in God can move mighty mountains. It can change impossible situations. And we're going to we're going to quit living below our means. And we're going to start claiming what you promised to us and watching mountains move. Yes. Lord, go with the saints today. Many tired and weary, and they're going to need a refreshing for the work week ahead. Lord, many mommies losing sleep at night, and they're going to need your your uh peace, and they're going to need supernatural rest. Jesus, grant it, Lord, as we leave. Let us go with peace. Father, bless our fellowship in little while when we gather there at the tabernacle to have a meal together. Let the fellowship be sweet. We ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and for his glory. And the saints said, "Amen." God bless you. You are dismissed to go today in the name of the Lord. Take the faith with you. Would you put it in practice this week? [Music] Keep in mind that some will run and have to get their hot food over here. But we're going to ask you to stay. You're welcome to stay for a meal. And it will be put together there at the bottom of the hill. And I believe there'll be enough for everyone to enjoy themselves. We have so much to be thankful for. Amen. Consider yourself dismissed now as you just start going out. Do your real fellowshipping in the hall. Would you? Lord, I believe. Lord, God bless you, darling. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] [Music] Lord, I'm asking you to go to brother Garvis. Lord, I'm asking you to work a miracle in his body today. We refuse the doctor's report and we we claim with brother David man and with brother Garvis. We claim the report of the Lord. Step into that intensive care room, Lord Jesus. Touch those kidneys. Take charge of his blood pressure. Lord, awaken those kidneys. I pray. Give him a miracle, Lord. Again. Lord. We believe. We believe. Lord, the streamers who have watched these services with need. Someone requested prayer for a lady plagued with cancer. Lord, cancer can't stand in the way of faith. We ask you to bring healing, Lord, to that one. Healing is not what you do. A healer is who you are. Lord, come and be Jesus in that body. We give you praise. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe all things Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Amen.
