################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-07 - Dead Men Walking, Part 1 - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-07
Title:    Dead Men Walking, Part 1 — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 4h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8Dsltg5UCU
========================================

Description:
Pastor Steven Shelley explores the divine paradox that “only dead men can see the glory of God,” drawing from Moses’ encounter in Exodus 33 and Christ’s role as high priest in Hebrews 7. The message reveals how spiritual death to self, carnality, and flesh becomes the prerequisite for experiencing God’s manifested glory. Through identification with Christ’s death and resurrection, believers gain victory over the carnal mind and spiritual warfare, moving from spiritual infancy to mature sonship.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Data do. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Can you believe what the Lord has done to me? Can you believe what the Lord has done to me? He saved me, cleans me, and he turned my life around. Set my feet upon the solid ground. Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Can you believe what the Lord has done me? He saved and cleansed me and he turned my life around. Set my feet upon the solid ground. Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Oh, can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Can you believe what the Lord has done to me? Well, he saved me and cleansed me and he turned my life around. Set my feet upon the solid ground. Can you believe what the Lord has done to me? There's been a great change in me or a great change in me. Well, I'm so happy and I'm so free since he broke me out of darkness. Oh, there's a great change in me. There's been a great change in me. Oh, a great change in me. Well, I'm so happy and I'm so free since he brought me out of darkness into his marvelous light. There's a great change in me. Somebody look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. He healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. It was just in time. I'm going to praise his name. He said he's just the same. Come on and praise him. with what the Lord has done. Well, somebody with what the Lord has done. With what the Lord has done, well, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. And it was just in time. I'm going to praise his name. Each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Well, he's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sins away. Well, he's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. Oh, I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sins away. Oh, God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for you. Well, God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for you. Well, God's got a miracle for you. God's got a miracle for you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for you. Well, God's got a miracle for you. God's got a miracle for you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for you. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me and it was just in time. I'm going to praise his name. He says he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Play it one time. [Music] Look what the Lord has [Music] Well, God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for you. Well, God's got a miracle for you. God's got a miracle for you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for [Music] you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you believe that tonight? Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] I'll praise in the valley. And I'll praise on the mountain. Oh, I'll praise when I'm short and I'll praise when I'm doubted. Hallelujah. I'll praise when I'm outnumbered. And our praise when surrounded. Oh, cuz praise is the water that my enies drowned. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, [Music] praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. And I won't be quiet. My God is alive and how could I keep it inside? We praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it and I'll praise when I don't. I'll praise cuz I know, God, that you're still in control. I praise it is a web. It's so much more than a sound. Well, my praise is the shout that brings Jero [Music] down. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to [Applause] praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, [Music] praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. And I won't be quiet, but my God is alive. So, how could I keep it inside? We praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it, and I'll still praise when I don't. [Music] I'll praise cuz I know God that you're still in control. My praise is a weapon. It's so much more than a sound. My praise is a shout that brings Jac. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to pray. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. And I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep inside? Oh, I won't be cry. My God is alive. And how could I keep it high? We praise the Lord with all my soul. Oh, praise the Lord. [Music] I'll praise cuz you're soft. Praise cuz you rain. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I praise cuz you're faithful. I praise cuz you're true. I praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. I praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you praise cuz you rose and defeated in the grave. I praise cuz you're faithful. I praise cuz you're true. I'll praise cuz there's nobody. Sing that again. I praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cause you rain. I'll praise cuz you ro and defeated in the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. I'll praise cuz you're true. I'll praise God cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. And I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside when we praise the Lord, oh my soul? This is my favorite verse. Oh, we praise you, Lord. I'll praise when I feel and I'll praise when I don't. I'll praise cuz I know God that you're still in control. [Applause] My praise is a weapon. You see, it's more than a sound. My praise is the shout that brings me [Music] down. And as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. And I won't be quiet. My God is alive, so how could I keep it [Applause] [Music] inside the Lord, oh my soul? Praise the Lord. [Music] I'll praise cuz you're praised cuz you reign. Praise you in defeating the grave. I'm praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's no greater than you. I praise cuz you're soft. Praise cuz you reign. I praise cuz you ro and defeated in the grave. I praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise God cuz there's nobody. Bring the music down and sing it out. Praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise God cuz you reign. Praise God cuz you rose and defeated in the grave. I praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise. Do you believe it tonight? I praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated in the grave. I praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. And I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it in time? And I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. So, how could I keep it inside? When we [Applause] [Music] praise the Lord, oh my soul. Hallelujah. Oh, we're here to praise you, Lord. We're here to lift your name up. Oh, come and have your way in this place. Come and have your way in this place. Be enthroned in our praises tonight, oh Lord. [Music] Before I spoke a word, you were singing over me. [Music] Lord, you have been so so good to me for I took a breath. You breathe your life in me. Lord, you have been so so kind to me and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Though it chases me down, fight till I'm found. leaves at 99 and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming neverending reckless love of God. When I was your foe, still your love fought for me. Lord, you have been so so good to me when I felt no worth. Oh, you paid it all for me. Lord, you have been so so kind to me and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. to it chases me out fighting till I'm found and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Till you give yourself away all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God when I was your fill your love heart for me. Oh yes it did. You have been so so good to [Music] me when I felt no worth. Lord, you paid it all for me. Yes, you did. And you have been so so kind to me. Yes, you have, Lord. and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. And though it chases me down, fight till I found the 99 and I could endure it and I don't deserve it, but still you give yourself away. of the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. There's no shadow you [Music] won't climb up. There's [Music] no coming after me. Oh [Music] sh there's no shadow you all coming out to me. There's no wall you won't get down. I won't tear down coming after me. There's no shadow you won't lie down. The mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. I won't take out coming after me. I believe there's no shadow you won't light up mountain you won't climb up coming out to me. There's no wall you won't kick down. You won't tear down. Coming out to him over precious love of God in it chases me down fight till I'm found. [Music] I could endure I don't deserve still you give yourself away all [Music] the precious love there's no shadow you won't light up mountain you won't climb up coming There's no wall you [Music] won't shadow you won't. [Music] There's no wall you won't kick down. You won't tear down. There's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. Oh, there's no wall you won't kick down. A lie you won't take out. Coming after me. There's no shadow. There's no shadow. You are light up coming after me. There's no you won't kick down you won't take out coming out to me. There's no shadow in your light up or mountain. You all climb up just to come out to me. There's no wall you walk down. Coming out to me. neverending preious love of God. And though it chases me down, fights till I'm found. Leaves a night. I couldn't hurt you and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending precious. I want to hear you sing it. If you know about the love of God, oh the overve [Music] Still the overwhelming neverending preious God. Oh, we're so thankful for your love, Lord. We're so thankful for your love. It's more than we can imagine. It's more than we can fathom. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] How do you [Music] describe love that goes from east to [Music] runs deep. [Music] Oh, you know all our fears. [Music] Words cannot express the love we feel. But we long for you to hear. Just listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. [Music] Song of praise that to those you have redeemed. [Music] But we will use the words we know to tell you what awesome God you are. Words are not enough to tell you of our love. Lord, listen to our hearts. If words could fall, I grase. [Music] And if I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run out of time. [Music] So if you listen to my [Music] heart, Lord, every will say, "Oh, thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth, Lord, and thank you for the word." So listen to our [Music] hearts. Won't you hear our spirit sing a song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what it [Music] God, words are not enough to tell you of our love. Lord, listen to our hearts. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that from those you have redeemed. [Music] And we will use the words we know to tell you what awesome [Music] God to tell you. [Music] When it seems I know God is big [Music] enough to run. He'll finish everything he starts. You'll meet us arrive here where we are. And I can feel faith rising up. God is here. Oh, God's big. I've got a heart that's full of faithfilled helplessness. There are mountains ahead and I can't move by myself. Oh, but I know when I'm weak, he's strong. When I can barely breathe, there's still a song. Even though it's coming, I'm not here on my own. So, when it seems it can't be done, I know God is when you run the race to run. down. He'll finish everything he starts. He'll meet us right here where we are. And I can feel faith rising up. I know God is big enough. So when it seems it can't be done, I know God is big enough. I can run the race I'm called to run cuz I know God is he'll finish everything he starts. He'll meet us right here where we are. And I can feel faith rising up. Oh yes. Oh yes. Can you testify to that tonight? The God that you serve is big enough to handle any problem that you have. Any need that's in your life. He is big enough. He's done it before. He'll do it again. He's never failed. He has a track record of getting things done. He knows how to do them best. We think we've got it all figured out and he comes along and just does it completely contrary to our thinking. And as we look back, we know that God had our best interest in mind. And he took care of the situation. He took care of the problem. He took care of the heartache. He took care of the grief. He took care of the pain because that's who he is. He is God who is big enough. He's bigger than all of my mountains. He's bigger than all of my valleys. And he's still he's still saving souls and delivering, setting free and giving us what we need to make it through Satan's Eden this last hour. Do you have a need on your heart tonight? We'll go to prayer and take our needs. Hands all over the building, out across the stream. The Lord sees the needs that you have. He knows best how to meet them. And we're asking him to meet the needs that you have. We know that God is more than able to do it. He is able to do the exceeding abundant above all that we could ask or think. Let's go to prayer today and take our needs. Father, we just want to thank you that you are God supreme. We thank you that we can have an assurance tonight that you are on the throne and that you will not leave us high and dry, but that you will handle the situation for us. Out across this congregation, there were hands that were lifted. Out over the stream, there were hearts that cried out for help from the God who is above it all. and we are bringing those needs to you tonight once again knowing that you are well able to meet those needs. Would you minister to hearts that are grieving tonight? Would you bring comfort as only you can? I'm asking you, Lord, for deliverance the for those that need deliverance tonight. I pray that you will bring restitution and reconciliation and healing as only you can. Father, there are those who are in need of physical healing. I'm asking you to do that right here tonight. Bring the manifestation of the healing that you have already paid for at Calvary. You did it at Calvary. You paid it all. You did it once and for all and you don't have to do it again. And I thank you that we can have an assurance of that tonight. Lord, I thank you for this service. I thank you for every person that you have brought here in the house tonight. I pray that you would let your sweet blessings fall on each one. The needs that they have that they brought with them. I pray that they'll press through and and worship and praise you and pull on the gift as the ministry of the word is going forth that our needs can be met in the house tonight. Would you minister through our pastor strengthen him in his physical body and I pray that he would be able to deliver the word that you have given to him for us tonight. May we Lord pull on the gift in him. May May we know that you are speaking to us get glory and honor for it is in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. The name above every name that we pray. Amen. We give you praise Lord. Can you give the Lord one more shout of praise tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may have your seats tonight. What a blessing, what an honor it is to be gathered in the house of the Lord. We're happy to see you here with us. Those of you that traveled in for these meetings this weekend, we bless you. We honor you. We thank you for uh coming our way and being a part of this this delegation from Lraange, the deputy and all of his delegation. We're glad that you're here tonight. The Lord bless [Applause] you. Brother John and Sister Annie Real from Indiana. We're glad that they've come this way. May the Lord bless [Applause] you. John and Sadie and Josiah and Lydia and Naomi and Daniel. Who am I missing? Did I get them all? They're all from Indiana. We're glad that they're here. We bless you in the name of the Lord. Jerry, it's nice to see you tonight. The Lord bless you. May God minister to you while you're here. Glad that you came this way, brother. Your mom. All right, Kim. We're glad that you're with him. [Music] We're glad that you came to visit us tonight. Brother Dylan and Sister Rachel and the baby. We're glad that they're here this weekend. May the Lord bless you from North Carolina. Brother Austin and Sister Hannah Hollowell and Eli Natalie's over here. And then Lily, she's come with them. We're glad that they're here this weekend. God bless you, Lillian. It's nice to see you. God bless you. We're glad that you're [Applause] here. Liam, it's nice to see you. God bless you. We're glad that you made your way this way again. You're already seeing if I remember everybody right. Where did Hannah go? She's in the nursery. Well, I have a niece here with with her babies. Uh yeah. Is that Haven you're holding? All right. She's got a new one since she was here the last time. We're glad that she's here from Kentucky. May the Lord bless her while she's here. Did I get everybody? We're glad that all the home folks are here. We are glad that you want to come to the house of the Lord and and see what the Lord does among us. He, you know, he's made us promises and we're pressing into those promises. There are a lot of things that he has promised to us that our eyes have not yet beheld. But we don't give up pressing into them. We continue to press into the promises of God. Uh we find out in our Christian walk that there are a lot of things that are not just laid in our hands. We've got to fight tooth and nail for every inch of ground that we get because the devil doesn't want us to have what the Lord promised us. But he can't stop what God said is mine. He can't stop it. And I'm glad to know that I'm on the winning side. And I know that if I don't get to see it with my eyes, I'm going to pass it on to the next generation. And there's going to be somebody that's going to press into the goodness of God and see all of the promises of God fulfilled in the end time. Amen. We're here to worship the Lord. We're here to give him the praise that is due to his name. Brother Kate is going to sing for us tonight. And we're going to call on Brother Elas. And let's see. Brother Ian, let's call on you again. We're going to let these brothers come to you for the tithe and offering. And you give as giving unto the Lord. We do a lot of uh we do we're doing a lot for the kingdom and and we thank you for your giving and we're just a part of what God is doing all around the world. We're one small part, but we want to do what he's called us to do and not leave one thing unfinished. May the Lord bless you as you give tonight and let it be a part of your worship as brother Kate is worshiping together with us. Blessed be the [Music] [Music] I have dreamed of [Music] something. There's a place waiting for me. All my tears wiped away me and God face to [Music] face. And I know that I am going to make it home. When the road gets rough, you are more than enough. And you are the rock, the corner that I run to. Everything is gone. Still this I can hear you say I'm on your side. [Music] When I'm all alone and everything's against me, still I have a promise that will never depart from me. As long as I'm alive, you are on my side. That's true. Well, I've been blessed more than anyone can know, but still I won. Why did you still go on a hill to take my place and die for me? Oh, but I don't have to cry every time. There's a time that I feel that you're miles away. No, cuz you're standing in the fire with me when the road gets up. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, and you are more than enough. And you are the rock, the corner that I run to. And everything is gone. And the stillness I can hear you say, I'm all on your side. And when I'm all alone and everything's against me, still I have a promise that will never depart from me. As long as I'm alive, you are on my side. In the desert, in the valley, you are with me. Even on the mountain high, I've already won every battle. For you are on my side. You are the rock, the corner that I run to when everything is gone. And the stillness I can hear you say I'm on your side. And when I'm all alone and everything's against me, said I have a promise. ever depart from me as long as I'm alive. You are on my side. In the desert, in the valley, you are with me. Even on the mountain high, I've already won every battle. For you are on my side. You are the rock, the corner that I run to when everything is gone. In the stillness, I can hear you say I'm on your side. Oh, and when I'm all alone and everything's against me, still I have a promise. Never depart from me as long as I'm alive. You are on my side. As long as I'm alive. You are on my side. [Music] [Music] Oh yes. Hallelujah. You're on my side, Lord. And I'm learning to lean. I'm still learning to lean. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. [Music] I need more power than I ever dream. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Yes, I'm learning to lean. I'm still learning to lean. I'm still learning lean on [Music] Jes. I'm still finding more power than I ever dream. I am learning to lead. [Music] Will you stand with us as our pastor's getting ready to come and minister? I'm learning to leave. I am learning to lead. I'm ready to lean on [Music] Jesus. I'm finding more power than I ever dreamed. I am learning to lean on you. Sing again. Oh, I am learning. [Music] I am learning to lean. Yes, I'm learning to lead on Jes. Well, I'm finding finding more power than I ever dream. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Sad and brokenhearted at an altar. I knelt and I found God's peace is so serene, isn't it? Oh, and all that he has is a child. childlike heart and a heart that is learning to lean. Doesn't matter how long you've served him, we're still learning to lean. Oh, learning to lean. Yes, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Oh, I'm finding finding more power than I I'd ever dreamed. Oh, I'm learning learning to lean on Let's go soft on the music and let's hear the saints sing tonight. I am learning. Oh, I'm learning. Yes, I'm learning to lean on Jesus. [Music] Oh, I'm finding more power than I [Music] ever learn. Praise the Lord. [Music] Sometimes we can be like the man who said, "My life is full now. I have [Music] everything. Oh, but there is a mighty strong rock in Jesus my Lord. Though my trial, through them all I've been learning to lean. Praise God. Let me hear you say that I Well, I'm learning learning to lean. Oh, I'm learning learning to leave. [Music] Oh, Jesus. [Music] Well, I'm finding finding more power than I ever dreamed. Oh, I'm learning learning to lean on Jesus. If you found him to be dependable, to lean on, I want you to clap your hands for the Lord. The Bible tells us to do it. The Bible said, "Plap your hands, all you people, and shout unto God with a voice of triumph." I'm thankful tonight that the shout of the King is still in the camp. Praise God. Oh, hallelujah. The shout of the Lord is still in the mouths of his saints. Bless him. [Music] [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. He's worthy. You may be seated this evening. There's something swelling in the house and you want it to swell. You see, the clouds have to swell up with moisture before they can empty out. I never know. You never know what the tipping point is. But God knows. And so it just keeps gathering moisture and gathering moisture until it can't hold anymore. And then it dumps right down on our heads. How many of you'd like to get under a shower tonight? The presence of the Holy Spirit just pouring out on you. Amen. I like to stay under the spout where the glory of God runs out. I like it when heaven comes down and kisses the earth and I'm right in the middle of the smack. I like that. I've been chasing that for a long time because I realize that it's him. That's right. He can't be anywhere that his presence is not. You You do understand that his presence is is him. It's it's a part of him. It's who he is. And so you're not chasing a feeling. Lord have mercy. No, feelings come and go. You can be mad one minute and glad the next. We're not chasing feelings, but per a person. Remember, we just recently talked about uh the distraught sisters of Lazarus. And uh they said, you know, if you'd have just been here, one of them, if you'd have been here, our brother Lazarus would not have died. And uh Jesus let her know that he will live again in the resurrection. I mean he'll live again. He will live again. Oh yes, I know he will live in the resurrection. These are powerful words. Jesus said you you may be looking you must be looking toward a day or an event or something. You see that's always in our mind. But he said I am. You don't have to wait for an event. I am the resurrection and the life. Aren't you glad he is? I'm so glad to see all of you in the house of the Lord this evening and his goodness is running over and we're thankful for for it. Uh we don't again, we don't live by feeling. We live by faith. But oh, it's good to feel him. Nothing wrong with feeling him. Amen. We feel everything else. We might as well feel him. God is good. I'm trying to wait just to make sure I I don't want to miss anything that we're supposed to do. We've got a little time if we need it. It's still daylight outside. We're We're good for a few more minutes. Let me Let me have that microphone just a minute. Can you Who's going to play if I were to sing to Serve the Lord? You know it. You sure you know it? You're not going to mess me up. What key is it? Beth, do you remember from the dust of the earth? My God created man. His breath is what made man a living [Music] soul. For God so loved this world that he gave his only son. And that oh that is why I love him so I believe you know this for I was made in his likeness created in his image. For I Oh, I was born to serve the Lord. Oh, and I can't can deny him. I will always walk beside him. For I Oh, I was born to serve the Lord. That's my revelation tonight. Oh yes, my hands, they were made to help my neighbor and my eyes. They were made to read God's word. And in my feet they were made to walk in his footsteps. My body is the temple of the Lord. You believe you were singing tonight. I was made in his likeness. I was created in his image. For I Oh, I was born to serve the Lord. Oh, I can't deny him. I must always walk beside him. For I I was born to serve the Lord. I'm singing your life story. From the dust of the earth, our God created man. But it took his breath to make man a living soul. Oh, for God so loved this world that he gave his only son. And that that is why I love him. So sing it church. For I was made in his likeness. created in his image. For I I was born to serve the [Music] Lord. Oh, I can't deny him, but I must walk beside him. For I I was born to serve the Lord. Soft up here. Let me hear you. Before I was made, [Music] [Music] I can't deny him. I will walk beside him. For I was born to serve the Lord. [Music] Do you believe that tonight? I believe it. It's not just a song for me. It's a revelation. I know what I was born to do. To serve the Lord. I want to serve him with everything that I have. I'm uh running to make a hundred because 90 and nine and a half just won't do. Amen. We're not playing horseshoes here where where uh close, you know, close is enough. Oh, no. You got to have a ringer in this thing. Amen. You've got to have the full uh anchilada. Where did I get something like that? You got to run with everything you got. Did I embarrass my children when I said that? If I did, too bad. Let's thank the Lord for these musicians tonight and the singers. Thank God for a new set of drums. God is good. These are these are faithful men, volunteers. They give a lot. They do. They give a lot. These uh if you just are able, if you're able, remain standing. I'll I'll hurry. Uh these uh who do the streaming, who run the sound, charity, who runs the projector and the and the team that that helps her with the projector, uh the different aspects of the camera and the switchers and all that. There is a host of people on the other end of this camera tonight depending on this service. anticipating this service and brokenhearted that they couldn't be here physically in this service. Why don't you just do what Brother Shaw's doing and just way back there at them and tell them you love them and God bless you wherever you are. I don't know. I don't have my computer to tell you where the people are listening in, but but on Sunday they're they're listening in from Pakistan to Madagascar to Iceland to uh the Netherlands to Norway to Kenya to Ghana all across Africa. Uh we we have uh streamers over the course of a week from 30 to 35 different nations and they love they love you. They love the people and some are so faithful to stream they know you by name. Some of you here tonight you don't even know each other by name. And there's somebody on the other end of the line never been here physically and they come sometimes come for a visit and they'll just call out the names. They just have learned. Uh everybody God bless you all you streamers. Uh would you turn in your Bibles tonight? I'll read a couple verses and then let you have your seat. The reason why we do that is the most precious thing, the most precious thing that we have in this life, more precious than our own sweet families, is the word of God. It should be honored. It should be sanctified and set apart. and and uh I grew up in a in an era where in around the Pentecostal holiness type church where we were not even allowed to lay our Bible on the floor. Now I I I have had to do that and have done it on occasion but not growing up and um I got in trouble in India. I was in India doing television work and uh I am extremely uh flexible and I am able to uh uh cross my legs when I'm sitting in a chair for so long and and make my leg as flat as as a table and I could show you but you get the point. And so I often if I've been on there a while I would lay my Bible on my leg, not my foot, my leg like a table. And brother, I got in trouble. They said, "Your Bible is too close to your foot." And the in the in that culture, it it was disrespect. Uh we can go too far on anything. But remember, this is the most valuable thing that we have. God's love letter. It is for instruction. It's also for correction. Love is corrective. It's not all just embracing and tolerant. Love will correct us sometime. Do you believe that? Uh so to all of you, we're very thankful for all of you who are here. It's especially uh nice for me to see the real family because it's been so long since they've been here. I thought they had forgotten us all and and maybe we're waning in their love for us, but they've shown us now by being here tonight. Look at all those sweet children lined across there in front of their parents. Have come all the way from Indiana. I respect them greatly as as I do all of you who've come from Indiana and everywhere else you've come. And I found out Jerry's got a mom. I mean, everybody does, but I didn't know I'd ever get to meet her. Hebrews 7 verse 25. Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth. He ever liveth to make intercession for them. To paraphrase, to stand in the gap. Yes, sir. to cry out on their behalf. Did you know there's a blood that's crying out for you tonight? It it it it not only cried out the night that you accepted the life of the blood, but it's crying out on your behalf tonight. And it's a perfect blood. Yes, sir. There's not many perfect things that I know of, but I tell you, the blood of Jesus Christ specially created for the purpose of redemption. It's God's created blood. It wasn't the blood of Mary or the blood of Joseph. It was specifically created for your redemption. And it cries out on your behalf tonight. Thanks be unto God. But verse 26 uh blesses my blesser. It it makes me want to jump for such an high priest. I don't hear nobody. What does it say? For such an high priest became us. You You may be sitting there thinking, "What kind of a translation are you uh reading here tonight?" King James version 16:11. For such an high priest became us. I don't think you're reading it. I don't think you're hearing it or you'd be noisy. We don't just have a high priest who stood in our place, who came between us as an intercessor, but we have a high priest who became us. Who became a man, the son of God became a son of man, that we, the fallen sons of men, could become a son of God. This condescension is too big for my mind to wrap around. So I just have to shout over the reality that we have a high priest who not only cries out for us, who paid the price for us, but he became as one of us. And let me give you his description. Who? He is holy. Say holy. Holy. He is holy. Holy. Harmless. Harmless. undefiled. Undefiled. Separate from sinners. Separate from sinners. And made higher than the heavens. We're going to do that again. You might as well work something here tonight, too. We have such a high priest who became us. Who is holy, holy, harmless, harmless, undefiled, undeiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens. [Music] I don't have this for my text tonight, but the scripture said, "And in all manner, tempted as we are." That was the whole purpose of the condescension. That in all manner he may be tempted as we are. But don't forget those last three words, yet without sin. Lord Jesus, we have come here tonight not to see men, not to see women, not even to see these precious visitors. We have come here tonight to see you. You have wrapped yourself in your word. And I have just had the privilege of reading from the written record of your word. And Lord, I ask that you would come with your quickening life and let the very pages, the printed words on the page, may they live tonight. May they be personified among us tonight. And may we see you in these words because they are here to reveal to us who you are. Not only who you are, but who we are. because we know that what you are we have become. This is what the scripture has taught us. It's too grand for some folks. There are perhaps those among us who would rather dwell in the land of sinners and they like to continue to say, you know, I'm just a sinner saved by grace. But the reality is that we cannot be the both of those things because of who you are. We are in your eyes no more sinners but separate from sinners. And we are now holy, harmless, undefiled because of your blood on the doorpost uh and the lentil of our hearts. Lord Jesus, we owe you everything. None of us should be grumbling about a little standard or a little separated living from the world around us because we could never show you enough how grateful we are that you reach way below the bottom for us and made us who we are tonight. We give you glory now. We take authority over every foul and hindering, distracting spirit. We command you in the name of Jesus Christ to bow to the sovereignty and authority of the word. You have no place here. Uh take with you every sleepy spirit also that we might be alert, that we might be diligent, that we might be awake. If there has ever been an hour to be spiritually awake, it's 2025. Give us grace to demonstrate that tonight. We ask for your help in the name that is above every name, the exalted name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Bishm Adonai Yeshua Hamashiach. And the saint said, Amen. You may be seated. I have been in the word all day. And uh you when I get through preaching, you're going to think, well, you sure spent a lot of time pulling together something so simple. But I guess I spent part of the day wrestling with the Lord. Uh because I had something else in my mind. Uh what do you do when when your spiritual heart is h is at conflict with your own mind? Well, you better yield yourself. Uh come on now. When the Lord gets ready, we used to sing as a child, when the Lord gets ready, you better move and you better be willing to move. And you better be fluid. And you better not be so concrete and set your ways that God can't change your mind. Because he wants to do that sometime. Just know this. He never changes his mind about his word. If he said it, he means it. He's Jesus Christ tonight. the same yesterday and today and forever more. He changes not. That's right. I hope I don't offend you by reading those two verses again in an amplified version. I will tell you that I have checked them most carefully with the original. And I don't think I'll be leading you down a path of compromise to give you these verses. So bear with me. Therefore, he is able also to save to the uttermost. And this word uttermost is a Greek word that has several different applications. And the reason why I've used the amplified this evening is because in parentheses, the amplified has given us every meaning of the word uttermost. every meaning of the word that was in Greek that was translated in English uttermost. And so it gives us a very broad picture this evening. He is able also to save the uttermost completely, perfectly, finally. Whoop! Uh-huh. Finally. You're not saved one day and not saved the next day. Come on. You see, I'm almost a Baptist because I know that you're not on one minute and off the next If he's ever if you're really born again of the spirit of Jesus Christ, you you may walk away, slide away, slip away, but I'm telling you what, you're his. And he has a way of collecting that which belongs to him. He knows how to yank a knot in your head. That's right. He knows how to take you to the wood pile. He knows how to claim what he has purchased with his own blood. And you're going to go out of here as his. You may have many devils to face. You may have to wade through a lot of hell to get there. Are you saying we can't backslide? Oh, yes, you can backslide. It can be a temporary uh, you know, atmosphere in your life. You're cold. You're indifferent. you're you you're you're running after your own will and way. But that's not what we're talking about. We're talking about a God who is able to save you finally. You see, he offered his own blood and then sat down. Even on the cross, he cried out, "It is finished. The price has been paid." Amen. If brother Isaiah Brooks was here tonight, he could sing, "What more can he do?" The little chorus says, "He has uh opened up the way. What more can he do?" And that that is the reality. He has saved us, sanctified us by the washing of the water of the word, filled us through the new birth with the Holy Spirit. That's just the beginning. Here's where here's where the here's where I may, you know, I'm non-baptist now because I believe there is another touch of his glory that finishes that new birth. And the the the New Testament calls it the earnest, the baptism of the Holy Ghost and fire. I'm not a cessationist. I don't believe it's over. I believe he's still a miracle working God. If he wanted to, he could still raise the dead tonight. The Bible is still real. The word of God is still true. And there's never been a generation that needed the supernatural God anymore than the one we're living in right now. You believe that? And I have a church of Christ friend do pastors who who writes me for prayer because I had an opportunity to talk to him and show him some things. And though he hasn't made a complete shift away from his denomination, he is convinced that God is able to do today what he ever did. And he don't have to apologize to the apostles to do it. He just shows up. He's God. He's sovereign. Are you still with me? completely, perfectly, finally, and what? For all time and eternity. For all time and eternity. You might as well put a period on it. It's settled. those who come to God through him since he is always living to make petition intercession to God to intercede with him and intervene for them for them. Ain't that good? Here is the high priest. Now, here is where I think this version is slightly weaker. perfectly adapted to our needs. I think that there could have been a better choice of English words. Perhaps what we have in the King James became us. It may sound too base for some, but the revealed truth is pretty big here. He became what we are so that we by faith can become what he is. Amen. The same life that was in Jesus Christ is in his bride church today. Jesus said so. Yes, sir. He said in one place, I'll go away. I'm going to send you another comforter. And that's what confuses people and they start trying to make several people out of who God is. The problem is he's not interested in being people. [Music] He comes with offices, with attributes, with characteristics. He comes with with all of these beautiful things that he is. And I don't think we ought to limit him because he's counselor and he's wonderful God and he's king of the whole universe and he's lily of the valley. But when he chose to manifest himself as a person on this earth, he came in the form of the son and his name is Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord Jesus Christ said, "When you've seen me sir, you've seen the father because this is where he is. He's now embodied." We know that because John 1 tells us in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word became the word that which was with God in the beginning took on a body of flesh and we know it's settled. Amen. So I I uh I like to call Jesus this really upsets people's little theology when I say well really Jesus is the only person in the Godhead because when God decided to be a person he came in the form of Jesus Christ. The original word there persona in the Greek doesn't mean a person today like what we think of three different individual people who may be related or they may share offices or something like that. It means something entirely different. It really means having a purpose. Persona is a purpose. It's a character. It's an attribute. It doesn't have to have a physical body. And so it's interesting to understand that sometimes the church has confused the word. May God give us help. May he keep anointing our eyes with Isaf. We thank the Lord for what he's done in the generation before us to help settle the matter. Amen. Loose ends from all the church ages hanging around. And God had to send someone like a tishbite to come in and weave those things together and help us to see the word of God. And this the devil and all of his imps cannot move you off the truth once it's become a reality and a revelation to who you are once it's been revealed to you. Oh, am I wearing you out already? I'm still on my introduction. Uh here is the high priest perfectly adapted to our needs as was fitting, holy, blameless, unstained by sin, separated from sinners, and exalted higher than the heavens. Somebody ought to say, "That's him." I want to preach this evening for some time. If I were to pick a title, I would go all the way back to the 90s and I would choose a title. This is a newly constructed message tonight, but uh but the title is a rerun. Is that okay? In the early 90s, maybe mid 90, not not early 90s. I think it would be mid to late 90s, uh I preached a a sermon or two on dead men walking. And some of you were there. And I want to take that title again tonight, dead man walking or dead men walking. Because the reality is only dead men can see the glory of the Lord. Is there anybody in here that wants to see the glory? I want to see it today and I want to see it again tomorrow. We are seeing we are experiencing visitations of of measures of his glory. Every time we come together, seated together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, the glory of God is present. But we're looking for a full manifestation of cavode shakana shakina glory. And in that shakina glory, you get more than a feeling. You get more than a little jabber of tongues or some little something sensation or a goosebump or your hair is standing up. No. In the presence of the manifested glory of God, you're changed. And you may have been saved 35, 40 years, but I'm telling you, there are still things in our lives tonight that we need change to come. Lord, I believe you've got levels and measures of change coming for us like we have only scratched the surface of Exodus 33:13. Now therefore, this is Moses praying to God in somewhat of a negotiation. Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way, that I may know thee. When I hear that, I'm reminded of the apostle saying the same thing in the New Testament, that I may know him. That I may know him in the fellowship of his sufferings. I want you to know that this knowing is not a head knowledge. This knowing is a heart knowledge. We're going to have to be a people who let the word of God by the driving force of Holy Ghost drop from our head to our heart and eventually to our feet so that we can walk it out because we were born to serve the word. We were born to serve the Lord that I may know thee. That I may find grace in thy sight and consider that this nation is thy people. Then we drop to verse 17. These are familiar verses and we're going to move through them quickly. And the Lord said unto Moses, "I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken. For thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name." Doesn't that sound wonderful? What if I told you it wasn't only Moses that he knows by name? Anybody in this house believe that God knows you by name? He knows your address. He knows your uprising and your down setting. He knows your strengths and your weaknesses. He knows your good days and your bad days. And here's the glory. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you. He loves you in spite of it all. He could never love you any more than he does right now. Somebody said, "Well, he loved me so much when he saved me. He could never love you anymore than he loved you then. He could never love you any more than he loves you right now because his love is it it is unconditional. It is limitless. It is perfect. It knows no boundaries. It knows no conditions. When you don't serve and please him, he doesn't love you less. He loves you just as you were when he found you. You You didn't find him. Some of us weren't even looking for him. But he came looking for us. And he found us. Anybody want to say amen? He found us. And he found us in our sin. He found us in our mess. He found us in our stink. And he loved us anyway. For some, he found us in our dead, dry, cold, formal religion. Sitting on the church pew thinking we were all right. never having made a full surrender to the to the word. And yet he loved us. Hallelujah. He found some in the in the crack house. He found some in the wh house. He found some uh in the abortion clinic. He found some uh drunk on the on the side of the street. He found some strung out and found some who were living a perverted lifestyle. he found. But he loved them the same. If he found you in a place like that, he loved you that day just the same as he loved the preacher in the pull pit. But here's the reality. He loved you too much to leave you in that condition. Oh, I'm going to clap for the word myself. He loved you too much to leave you over there in that mess, in that pig pin, in that hell hole. He loved you too much to leave you there. So his hand reached further down than you could reach up. He pulled you up, called you his own, redeemed you with his own blood, saved you by his own grace, sanctified you by the washing of the water of the word. And and as Joel Hempill wrote the song, he's still working on me. Tell your neighbor, he's still working on me. Tell your neighbor, he's still working on you. Tell your neighbor, I sure am glad. I know he loves you too much to leave you as mean as you are right now. No, no, don't tell him that. You'll get in trouble. Verse 17. And the Lord said unto Moses, I will do this thing also that thou has spoken. For thou hast found grace in my sight, and I know thee by name. Thanks be to God. And he said, I beseech thee, show me, if you want me to read King James, I can. Shoo. Show me thy glory. And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee. Hallelujah. And I will proclaim the name of the Lord before thee. Yes. And here is something that the Calvinist and the Armenian uh group is still fighting over today. He said, "And I will be gracious to whom I will be gracious." It's election. It's beginning even in the older covenant. and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy. If you don't like that part of the book, I'm sorry. It's still a part of the book. Jacob, have I loved Now, how could God make such a commitment like that? Because he knew everything there was to know about Jacob. And he knew everything there was to know about Esau. And he knew their choice before they ever would make a choice. Did you know the Bible said before you ever arrived, all of your days were written in his book? Before you were ever forming in your mother's womb, he knew you. He knew your sin. He knew your your the day that you would say an eternal yes. So you don't have any surprises from him. Oh, thank God. Aren't you glad that you you don't have to worry about something catching up with you in him because he's got it covered. He saw it before you ever did it. That's what the word said. Oh, I know people get quiet and that makes me want to preach even more sometime. Hallelujah. The New Test You have not chosen me. That's right. But I have chosen you sayeth the Lord. How could that be? Because he uh because predestination is by fornowledge. That's what the New Testament says. It's not that God just lined people up not knowing anything about them and went down the line and said, "You'll be saved and you'll go to hell and you'll be saved and you'll go to hell." That is extreme Calvinism and it doesn't rest in the word. That sounds like the old primitive Baptist who used to preach that that if you shot your neighbor, you were predestinated to do it. Now, that is not Bible doctrine. You did it because you let your anger and your temper and your a and everything that had a hold of you override good sense because anybody that would throw their life away to execute vengeance for themselves is foolish. Vengeance is mine. I will repay, sayeth the Lord. If you just rest in him, I want you to know God keeps a record. There's going to be a payday for those who do wrong. may not come on Friday, but it's coming. And you better just, you and I better keep our hands off of it. Let God deal justly with his own. It's not up to us whether another man's servant stands or falls. Am I in the word? I believe I am. I'm in the word. So this uh this predestination is is by fornowledge. This election is by fornowledge. He knew you before you ever had an opportunity to know him. And because he saw your choice, he saw that little altar that you would kneel in or he saw you out on the tractor or he saw you in the little country church or where he saw you saying one big fat eternal yes to him. And in that moment, the scriptur is clear. The scripture is clear. In that moment, he knew everything there was to know about you and he assigned you a prefixed destiny. That's what it means. And and you're going to walk in that. You may you may move in and out of it. You may move in and out of perfect will. You may find yourself in permissive will at times what God will let you get by with. I would want to live my life in in what God lets me get by with. I want to live my life smack dab in the perfect plan of God for my life if it hair liips the devil and bankrupts hell. And you you won't just float there like a jellyfish. If you remain in the perfect will of God, you'll have to fight with everything. You've got to stay there because there's demons 10 thousands times 10 thousands of demons loosed on the bride of Jesus Christ in the last hour doing everything they can to pull you back into some form of of unbelief because sin is unbelief. We hear brother Brandham making it very very clear. I was raised in the holiness church and everything was sin. this is sin and that is sin and the other is sin and and remember they didn't agree on what sin was and some churches said the women had to wear a hat I mean a big brim hat and others said you didn't have to and and then they started fighting one another and the preacher preached for a little country church of my granny's and said uh uh that drinking Coca-Cola would send you to hell and and she stopped you've heard the story stopped and said I brother I'm so sorry I'm driving they had 70 more miles I bank to get back to Columbus and said, "I I know you preach hard about a Coca-Cola, but I I I I don't I don't know that I'll get any coffee, but I need to go in there and get something that might help me stay alert or or we're going to end up in the ditch." And he said, "Why go right ahead and bring me a double cola? I I that's more caffeine." So So this preacher's sin was brand specific. You can get real confused in that kind of religion. Amen. I'm not I'm not I'm not ba b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b bashing where I come from. I'm just so thankful to God that that the word is settled for me now. And I realize that sin is unbelief and all these other things, smoking, drinking, cheating, swearing, running here and there and what whatever you do. These are the attributes of unbelief. If you believe that God was a rewarder of those who diligently seek him, if you really believed what you say you believe, you would forsake those things. That's right. And walk in the path of righteousness and uprightness before the Lord. Let somebody say, "Amen." Then you don't have to worry about how short is short and how long is long and all these religious arguments that religious people have. Stay out of that. God said to Moses, "I'm going let all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the Lord before thee. I'll be gracious and so forth and etc." Now, look at verse 20. And we're going somewhere. Just take us a little while to get there. And he said, "Thou canst not. Thou canst not." You said, "See my glory, but thou canst not see my face. For there shall no man see me and live dead men walking. The only way to see the glory of God is as a dead man. I'm preaching. Oh yes. The only way to encounter the fullness of the glory of God is to do it as a dead man. Now I'm not talking about the undertaker. and the funeral home and the casket. That's not the kind of dead I'm talking about. I'm talking about an entirely different kind of dead. The New Testament kind of dead. God is plain. He said, "You won't see my face and live." The Lord said, "Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a rock, and it shall come to pass, while my glory passeth by, I will put thee in a in a smitten place, in a cliff of the rock, and will cover thee with my hands while I pass by, and will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my hinder parts. my back parts, but my face shall not be seen. What Moses received on the mount was a revelation of where God had been and what God had done. Somebody said, "How do you know that?" Because it was Moses through a scribe that wrote the first five books of the Bible that are contained on that handwritten scroll right there. He did it through a scribe. And if you'll look at the first five books of the Bible, you'll look at the very first verse of the Bible. In the beginning, God. Now, how in the world could Moses through a scribe write the creation story? If he hadn't been there in creation, it's because there on that mountain, God said, "I'm going to give you my hinder parts. I'm going to show you my backside. I'm going to reveal to you what I have done, what I have been. I'm going to let you know it. And it was very important that he received this revelation or we would be missing some great books of the Bible. How did he know that God said there shall be light? It shall be light. Let there be light. How did Moses know? I mean, how did he know? He learned in this revelatory experience. And we're not stretching things. I have multiple places that we could go, but this is not the focus of this little message here tonight. I I want you to know I'm not satisfied knowing where God has been only. My heart is hungering to know where God is now. I want to know what he's doing now. I'm interested in learning about what he did in 50s and 60s. But I'm also very hungry, very desirous to know what he wants to do, what he is doing, what he would like to do uh in the today. Not only that, I have a heart to know what he's going to do tomorrow. I'd like to know where God is taking this little bride. Well, I know I know some of these things, but I wouldn't have known them had God not sent a word to help reveal it to us. We would have never known that there's going to be a people for a quick short period of time on planet Earth who will operate in the full manifestation of the power of God and in the authority of God. We wouldn't have known that the same creative word that produced miracles in the New Testament is the same creative word that can produce miracles today. And we would have never understood the benefits of full adoption by the Holy Spirit. We're not talking about uh just technons which are you know toddlers. We're talking about whos sons who are mature sons. And I want you to know something right now. God is getting together a company of mature sons. He's been working on them for years now since he restored the word. And as soon as we start letting the main thing be the main thing, are you here? As soon as we start letting the main thing be the main thing, we'll begin to see more of that kind of glory among us. Do you believe that it's still possible with that creative word to speak to cancer? [Music] Oh, it's going to get quiet now. It's It's vitally important that we get this. I heard that little prophet tell that before the doctor's hand will touch her, that tumor will disappear. Hallelujah. He's off preaching in shrimp port. Sister Ma's uh going to the doctor and she has to go back and she's going for a final examination before surgery and uh she's in her gown. She's sitting there and as the doctor reaches toward her to examine this tumor, it's gone. That's right. Now, somebody said, "I wasn't there. I don't know whether to believe it or not." Well, I'll tell you what I have found. It's easier to believe that God is than to believe that he's not. If you'll believe he will, if you believe he is, if you believe he can, if you'll let faith do the work, there's no telling what God can do in your life. Does he always Does he is it the way we want it to be every time? Does it always turn out the way we hope? No. It doesn't always turn out the way we hope. But we don't have to get all been out of shape about that either because we know he's a sovereign God who never makes a mistake, who never gets caught by surprise. So it doesn't matter how sorry the doctor was, how lousy the hospital was, how poisoned the medicine was. Uh-oh. You and I aren't going anywhere till the Lord calls us. And he won't call us until the day our end of days has come. There's no more days, no more pages in God's record of our life. And we're going out of here. And some will go uh up into their 80s and 90s and maybe a hundred. And others will go young and we don't like it. It hurts our heart. We don't understand it. But we have to say with David, blessed be the name of the Lord. The Lord giveth and the Lord and the Lord taketh away. And you you can't have it both ways. The devil, somebody said, "Well, the devil just got in and killed old so and so and so and so." You know what? I wouldn't serve a God if I were you. I wouldn't serve a God that had less power than his enemy. That's right. If the enemy can sneak in and kill you against God's timing in your life, that places his enemy in a position of more power than he has. I don't serve a God like that. The God I serve is more than enough in every situation at all times if you and I can trust him. Amen. I'm going to let you see some things. So this verse gives birth to a spiritual paradox. To truly see God in the fullness of his glory and the fullness of his authority, you got to be dead. Not physically dead, but inwardly dead. Dead to self, dead to sin, dead to pride, dead to the flesh. Sounds easy. We can just will it so. But it's a little more difficult than that. You see, no man in his natural fallen state can bear to see the glory, the fullness of the glory of God face to face and survive. That's right. Because only dead men see God. There is a divine connection between glory and death. Dead man walking. When a condemned man begins his final walk to the death chamber where his execution is about to take place. Either the warden or the chief guard will often shout down the hall so that all of the other prisoners perhaps also on death row can hear. He screams out dead man walking. The reality is he's not physically dead yet. He's headed to his physical death. But in the eyes of the warden and in the eyes of the of the of the prisoner and in the eyes of his prison buddies, they know that his death is as sure and as certain as the next breath he takes on the way over there. And and so this lets everyone know that a man is spending his last few moments of life on this earth and that they should be still and that they should honor those last few moments of his life. Somebody said, "I I I don't go along with that." And I can understand if you're the victim or the family of a victim. I can understand how those things would build up in your heart. But the reality is our justice system allows that condemned man to have a last meal. Yes, sir. He gets to choose what he swallows last, what his body begins to digest last. In fact, once upon a time, there were these things called newspapers, and they they came to the house. They were delivered to your house. You didn't have satellite to get the news. You went down to the not the mailbox, the newspaper box. Did anybody ever have one? And and you go and take it out and it gets wrinkled. And if it belongs to my papa, you better not get the sections mixed up when you put it back, fold it up, and hand it to him. It better be just like it was supposed to come. They used to even publish in the newspaper uh the meal, what the last meal was. Someone would want steak and a baked potato and a salad and some people would want a a Big Mac. Imagine that. I don't want a Big Mac now. I shouldn't certainly wouldn't want it to be my last meal on the earth. I I would read sometime growing up that some would refuse a last meal. They they're so uh they're so uh overwhelmed perhaps with emotion of what's taking place, they don't even want a last meal. I don't know what the reason is, but they don't even want a last meal. I hope I never find myself in that position, but knowing how I enjoy food, brother Jason, I I have a feeling I'd order something. But regardless of that, uh, you may have seen, some have seen a film, a movie was famous some years ago, some may have seen a documentary, some may have read a true crime book. And, and you know what I'm talking about. Dead man walking. And there he shuffles down the down the aisle, the hallway of that prison with shackles on his feet, and he is making his way to his death. whether it be by lethal injection or firing squad because I understand that in some places that is being reinstituted in this hour uh used to be by electric chair. I'm not saying anything for or against uh this kind of punishment, not in this sermon tonight. If you want to know my opinion, you can ask me later. That's not the point of what we're talking about tonight. But the reality is he's walking, but he's already dead. In his mind, he's already dead. In the warden's mind, he's already dead. In the other prisoner's mind, he's already dead. And this is exactly not a criminal, not a murderer. But remember, every one of us were filthy, undone, rotten, sorry, without God. If you read the Bible, I read no sin is greater or worse, more vile, more awful than the next. Let's see if you can I know it's hard to get Republicans to say amen to something like that. But maybe some of you who might be one can scream out amen. It's the truth anyhow. It doesn't matter whether it's homosexuality or it's a some kind of abuse or whether it's murder. In the eyes of God, the ground is level at the foot of the cross. If we come to him and ask, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins. So said the scripture. And so we're we're not we're not in some contest here to see who's who's a worse sinner. That's right. Or who's just a little sinner. Just scratching the surface. Listen, unbelief is sin. Every one of us in this house at one time or another deserve death. We deserved an eternal punishment of some kind. I hold to what the scripture says. The soul that sinnth shall surely die. That's what the scripture said. I don't know how long. I don't know how it all works. I'm not concerned about that. But I know this. To be eternally separated from God is the worst punishment. It's worse than an electric chair. It's worse than what you can do to this physical body. to know that forever and ever your name is even blotted out of the book of life. It is as though you never even existed. And you are so eternally separated from God. You will never again have any God consciousness. And even a vile sinner on the street has a measure of God consciousness in the hour we're living today, particularly in the Bible belt. He at least knows. He at least at times senses there's a payday. You'll hear hear them say, "I I know that one day it's going to catch up with me." The reality is you can't come to him when you get good and well ready. You better come when he tugs. The Bible tells us, "My spirit shall not always strive with man." Are you with me still? Now, I want you to know that Exodus 25:8-9 tells us, "I'm hurrying. This is my hurry. Uh, Exodus 25:8-9 tells us that Moses while he was up in that mountain getting revelation from God, God let him see the sanctuary. He saw the heavenly uh sanctuary. And he was told in verse 9, according to all that I show thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, after the pattern of all the instruments thereof, so even so shall you make it. He was caught right up into the heavenly realm before the throne. He saw what it would be. He was given a plan, a blueprint of how to build that as a sanctuary, the Mishkan or the tabernacle in the wilderness. I would say that he was certainly in heavenly places in that moment. And yet, he longed yet to see the glory. That's right. He already saw the miracle power. He already saw that God was capable of doing the impossible again and again and again. And yet at the end of all that he saw God doing supernaturally and miraculously and even after receiving a blueprint of a heavenly sanctuary that he was to reconstruct on the earth as a place where God would dwell with man. After all of that, he still finds himself crying out, "Lord, Show me thy glory. Anybody here hungry to see the full manifestation of the glory of God? It's revealed in his word. It's there. We know what it accomplishes. We know what it looks like. We know what it has power to do. And we desire it. We're tired. I'm tired of dead dry formal religion. I'm tired of church as usual. I want to see God show up and deliver. Not just save a sinner, deliver a sinner right out of the clutches of addiction. Is he still able than able? Hebrews 8 and5. Put it up there. Hebrews 8 and5. who serve under the example and shadow of heavenly things. As Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle, seeith he that thou make all things according to the pattern showed thee in the mount. So, we know that God showed it to him first and then told him and then God gave him a craftsman, didn't he, to help make that all become a reality. Dead men walking. Only dead men see the glory. Look at Romans 12 with me just a moment. 1 and two. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your body, excuse me, Romans 12:1 and two. I beseech you therefore, brethren, am I right? Am I Did I miss it? By the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice. Who has ever heard of a living sacrifice? In order for something to be a sacrifice on the altar, it has to be what? Dead. God said, "I have a new and living way." Isn't that what he said? I have a new covenant to make with you. And now I'm not asking you to be physically dead. I'm asking you to be a living sacrifice. But there are some things in your life you're going to have to be dead to. Dead to There's some things that you're going to have to be dead to. A living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is the least you can do. It's your reasonable service. The apostle said, "And be not what?" I want you to write these verses down. Read them tonight. Read them tomorrow. Read them. Read them. Read them. Read them. Until they become a part of who you are. Be not conformed to this world, but be yeformed. That's the glory. That's the full manifestation of God's spirit and power. Transforming power. Transforming glory. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. when just a portion of that heavy glory came in the temple that had been built uh Solomon had overseen the building of this temple. When that glory began to come, the glory cloud filled the house. And the Bible said the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud. Send it on in here, Lord. Send it on in here, Lord. How do we know it exists? Because the word is opened. That's right. It's true. And if we're here uh uh if we're here fellowshipping the revealed word, then everything that's in that word is available to us. And it's not impossible that God would come. I don't care whether I see a cloud or not. I don't care whether I see a pillar of fire or not. What I care about is that transforming glory, the transforming spirit of almighty God fall on your life. I don't care whether you shout. I don't care whether you're talking in tongues. I don't care whether you dance. I want to see you transformed. It doesn't matter if I feel it or I don't feel it. I just want to know that I have had fellowship with the transforming glory. That's right. Hallelujah. Only dead men can see God. It's a reality. I want you to look now at 1 Corinthians 1. Just a moment. There's going to be a lot of word here. I got to hurry. Oh my, I'm feeling pressure now. But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise. And God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty, and base things of the world, and things which are despised. Hath God chosen yay in things which are not to bring to not things that are that what would you read it again? No flesh should glory in his presence. No flesh is going to get into that kind of presence because only dead men get that close to God. If there's flesh present, when the glory of God fills, the transforming glory of God comes. And there's nothing like the word to usher it in. And if that glory comes, I want you to know if there's any flesh present, it'll have to be dead flesh because only dead men can see the face of God. Let me show you one other thing here before we move to something else. Leviticus 16 12-4. He shall take a sensor full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before the Lord, and his hands, both hands full of sweet incense beaten small, and bring it within the veil. And he shall put the incense upon the fire before the Lord, that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony. You see, Almighty God, I will I will meet you. I is part of the it's part of the very mandate of the tabernacle in the wilderness. I will meet you there between the wings of the cherubam. I will meet you there between the wings of the cherubim. Now this is a meeting. This is a this is a moed. This is a divine appointment. God said I'm going to meet you there. I'm going to do it once a year in the old covenant called the day of atonement. And the priest went in uh it was a big ordeal, but he went in and he went in with two hands full of incense to drop on the on the coals of the sensor and the smoke begin to rise up it became so thick. He shall put the incense upon the fire before the Lord that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the ark of the testimony that he die not. There's the ark of the covenant. Upon that is the lid that we understand to be the mercy seat. On either side the cherubims are are facing one another. The tips of their wings touching. And God said, "I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there. I'll meet you there on the mercy seat." Do you understand? I'll meet you there on the mercy seat. I'll meet you where the blood is applied. That's where I'm going to meet you. That's where I'm going to show up. Now, you and I have got to figure out how to get from out here to in there. And the word makes it clear, sir. The word makes it clear. Even under the old covenant, a priest couldn't just walk in, you know, shirt all hanging out and hair all down his back and no, there was a protocol to enter the holy. That's right. Hear me, sir. I won't elaborate. I feel you squirming. I feel somebody squirming. No need for that. There was a protocol. And the only thing that we're reading about here is he's going to have to offer two handfuls of incense on the on these holy colds, these colds of the holy inser uh s uh in incense on the holy sensor and it's going to rise up such a cloud that he die not. That's what it says, isn't it? And he shall take of the blood of the bulock and sprinkle it with his finger like this upon the mercy seat eastward and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger. How many times? Seven times. Seven times. The number of perfection and completion in Hebrew. The Hebrews were so cautious about avoiding defilement that the that the high priest could not even sleep the night before he was to go in behind the veil, lest he have a dream that would defile and and disqualify him from going into the presence of that cavode glory, that heavy glory. So his priest buddies would keep him up all night reading the law and discussing the the instructions so that he wouldn't perhaps go to sleep and have a vile dream. The incense when it was dropped on top of the hot embers would create a thick billowing cloud of sweet smelling smoke and the priest would reach the sensor into the Holy of Holies first and swing it back and forth so that that smoke would begin to billow and would begin to build and fill the chamber. All the sprinkling of blood was done by feeling instead of by sight because the smoke was covering the priest symbolically hiding his flesh. Come on. Not just to keep man from seeing the fullness of God's glory, but to symbolically block God's view of his fallen flesh. Hallelujah. Frank Bartleman, an eyewitness of the ISUsa Street revival, said, "The depth of your repentance will determine the height of your revival." [Music] There is no denominational revival promised yet to America, but there is a revival promised. It's a bride's revival. It's a fullness of adoption. It moves us from the immaturity of Technon sons to the maturity of we sons. And the reason why we need to make that transition is because as mature sons, your name on the check carries the full authority of his. You lose your identity as a Baptist or a Methodist or a Pentecostal or a holiness or whatever, even as a message believer. You lose all of that kind of identity and you become something entirely different. You are a new creature in Christ. You have grown up into the stature of the fullness of the perfect man. Yes, sir. Peter's not just talking about perfect men. He's talking about the fullness of the stature of the perfect man who had to come down to make it possible for you and I to go up. But in this bride's revival, there is a measure of preparation like any revival that we have ever had. And there would be those who would tell you that if you hear the right tape or you believe the thunders the right way or if you believe that all of the seventh seal is made known, you're you're already in the greatest revival that you've ever had. I have a few problems with that that we don't have time to talk about tonight, but we will in the near future because if that has already taken place, it's got to be more than miracles. It's got to be more than cancer healed. It's got to be more than that. It's got to bring a manifestation of perfect love that will cause us to fall on one another's necks and love each other and weep because we see each other this time and we won't see each other again for another time. When brother Brandham was explaining that kind of a manifestation of perfect love, he was looking for some way and he reaches in. Perhaps this is pretty carnal, but but I like it. I like it very much. He said, "Why you get in that atmosphere and make you want to chew one another's chewing gum?" That's what I said, Brother Jared. First time I ever read that, Lord have mercy. But if you ever get in that atmosphere, in that atmosphere where the word is made known, where the glory of God has come down onto the mercy seat, in that atmosphere, all of your ickies and yakies and all the things that divide us now are gone. That's right. Amen. We're not interviewing somebody to see what they believe about the seals or what they believe about this or what they believe about the other. We don't have time to worry about the things that divide us. We get caught up in the things that make us one. How do I know the five-fold ministry of Ephesians is not finished? Because the work that's described, the result of her ministry has not yet happened. Till we all come. till we all come to the unity of the faith. You can't claim you're in a bride's revival because you've seen some miracles if you can't love and fellowship with one another down here. Perfect love is more than miracles. That's right. Exactly right. We're not going to take a rapture without it. And we're not going to come to it until we die. And everybody wants to go to heaven, the song said, but very few people want to die. The preacher began to ask one night in a little little uh Bible sort of class, he began to ask, "Who wants to go to heaven? Who wants to go to heaven? Who wants to go to heaven?" And many many people, including children, raised her hand. But there was one little child that didn't raise her hand. And the preacher said, "Sweetheart, I noticed that of all the hands that went up, yours wasn't one of them. And don't you want to go to heaven?" She said, 'Oh yes, sir. With all my heart, I want to go to heaven. But I thought you was getting up a bus load to go tonight. Oh my. Well, isn't next week Father's Day? That was a dad joke, Finn, I guess, for you. But it's really that way. with all her heart. She wanted to go to heaven. She just wasn't ready to go yet. Everybody wants to get there, but but very few people want to pay the price. The price is death. The altar is not the bless me club. The altar is where we go to die. It's not where we go to live. It's where we go to die. Pretty serious business, isn't it? We avoid repentance because we don't care for how death smells. It was only after John became a dead man walking abandoned on deserted island of Patmas that he heard a voice and turned right toward the face of God, Jesus Christ. And in Revelation 11:17, "And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead." And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, "Fear not, I'm the first and the last." It wasn't until he fell like a dead man that he could look right square into the face of the Lord Jesus Christ in his glorified body, glorified existence. That's pretty powerful, isn't it? He was a chosen apostle of the Lord. He'd spent most of his ministry leaning his head on the chest of the Lord. He had seen the miraculous. He had seen the glory. He had tasted the cup right from the Lord's hands. He had experienced what it feels like to have your feet washed by Jesus. But he hadn't died yet. Oh, they tried to kill him. They boiled him in oil and and banished him to the aisle of Patmas, but he hadn't died yet. But when he realized this is it. It's time for some things to go. He got in the spirit on the Lord's day. He was caught up to see the day and hour that you and I are living in. And he fell as a dead man. When he began to hear this voice, he turned to see the voice. And there stood the Lord in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks which represent the seven churches of Asia Minor and the seven church ages of all of church history. It's a pretty powerful revelation. But he couldn't get it on his feet. He couldn't get it in a dance. He couldn't get it in a hotty spirit. He had to be like a dead man. He had to fall and humble himself. I tell you, some of us need some carpet time. Maybe we understand some mysteries, but we need some We need some Jesus time. We need some time in the presence of the Lord. We need the atmosphere that that that welcomes the glory. The glory of God doesn't just come down in and on anything. It comes down in an atmosphere that has been carefully prepared to receive the presence of the King of Glory. Hallelujah. You can be preaching the right thing and the glory won't come. You can be singing the right song and the glory won't come. But without the fullness of the glory of God, we're just going through the motions. We need the fire of God. And fire doesn't fall on empty altars. There has to be a sacrifice laying up there. Dead to self, but a living sacrifice as unto the Lord. When that fire began to fall in the first great awakening, John Wesley gave this testimony. They said to him, "How are you getting such big crowds to come and hear you preach?" He said, "Oh, that's easy. I set myself on fire and the people come to watch me burn." He didn't mean with matches. Come on now. He didn't mean with a campfire. He meant I consecrate. I dedicate my life unto the Lord so that the glory of God will fall on the altar. Anybody hearing me tonight? Not a feeling, not an emotional, not some physical manifestation, a transforming change that you walk out of it fully identified with Christ, the word and you know who you are. You don't have to keep doubting it. Is anybody here? Who knows who George Fox was? George Fox was sort of a Puritan preacher. He's the co-founder of the Society of Friends. Do you know the other name for the Society of Friends? They were called Quakers. Because when the spirit of the Lord would fall upon them and protracted prayer meetings, it is it is noted that some would begin to tremble in the presence of the Lord. And so they called them quakers and they went to watch them quake. Wouldn't hurt you. It wouldn't hurt me if the spirit of the Lord would fall on us tonight and and we get just a little bit out of our comfort zone. Maybe maybe one little tiny tear come come sliding down our It won't hurt you. Maybe you tap your foot a little louder. Won't hurt you. Somebody said to me, "Well, we don't do that in my church." Aren't you glad tonight you're not in your church? You can just let God have his way. Nobody's going to tell. I'm not going to call your preacher. Don't know his name. Not going to call and tell on you. But wouldn't it be wonderful? Not if you did it because somebody else was doing it, but wouldn't it be wonderful if the very manifest presence of God would fall around this altar transforming somebody's life? There there there are people here, I know young people here full of anger and rightly so. Would you would you criticize me if I said that sometimes life can be so bitter and so ugly that a little anger is almost justifiable. The problem is you can't go in. Even if it's justifiable anger, you can't go in with that hanging on your life. You got to die out here so that you can go in there. The garden that was meant to bless and keep them here. Here they're driven out and a chariot beam with a flaming sword turning in all directions is set over there at the entry of the garden guarding the way to the tree of life. And now we're turning this thing around and God has sent a flaming sword. The revelation of Jesus Christ message. It has come from God above. And the sword that has once kept us out is now driving us back in. Back in where? Not just a garden of Eden, but into the fullness. What? What was manifested in a measure in the Holy of Holies? How long has it been since you had this thought? I don't have all that I that I would like to have. There's something pulling me for a little bit more of an experience with God. Anybody had that? Anybody had that? Anybody reading the Bible and you just say, "Oh Lord, I want that to live a little little louder in my life. I want that to grip me a little little stronger than it is." Are you still here? Still daylight. No, I'm moving on. Oh, God. I'm not talking about just fe Oh, please. Have I said that enough, brother Gley? Have I said enough that it's not about I'm not talking about Let's get everybody to a feeling. Have I said it enough? Do I need to keep saying it? That's not my theme. I don't even care whether we feel anything or not. Uh we know there's a mystery in receiving the fullness of the Holy Ghost without sensation. And that seal of the Holy Ghost is only going to fall on those according to scripture who have the requirements. And the requirement is the life. It's the life. It's his life. You can have the uniform and not have the life. You can dress right and not have the life. You can read King James version and not have the life. You can consider yourself a fundamentalist or a dispensationalist and not have the life. You can call yourself a message follower or believer and not have the life. Without the life of Jesus Christ, we are no different than any of the other churches that we so quickly can criticize because a form of religion is no different over here than it is over there. George Fox, I think I have this quote. Is that my baby girl there? I think I have this quote from George Fox, the founder of the Society of Friends. I wanted to share this with you this evening. Been wanting to share it for a long time. He said, 'I knew Jesus and he was precious to my soul, but I found something within.' He's talking about his own conversion. I knew Jesus and he was precious to my soul, but I found something within that would not be sweet and patient. and kind. I I I'm just going to take a little sip of water like a camel and give you a moment to see. I met him and he was precious to my soul. But I found something within that would not be sweet and patient and kind something something within. I did what I could do to keep it down, but it was there. I besought Jesus to do something for me. He wanted Jesus to do something about his something. And when I gave him my will, somebody has to hear this tonight. When I gave him my will, he came in. Are you trying to tell me George Fox wasn't already converted? No. He was converted. He had repented. He knew Christ. He knew the preciousness of having Jesus in his inner man. But there was also something else. Before you criticize George Fox, the Apostle Paul, the first church age messenger, had the same issue. When I sought to do good, evil was present. There was also something in the Apostle Paul that kept creeping up that was keeping him from being, let's just use this example, sweet, patient, and kind. I besought Jesus to do something for me, and when I gave him my will, he came in and he took out all that would not be sweet and patient. Somebody said, "I'm a man." I know. So was George Fox. He took out all that would not be sweet and patient and kind. And look at what he did then. Would you be willing to let him pass the entryway? Would you be willing to let him continue on in past the door? Would you be willing to let him take a little stroll through your life and put his finger on the part of you as he did George Fox that was not sweet, that was not patient, that was not kind? No one is asking you to be a pushover. No one is asking you to be uh you know some some uh um I don't even know what I don't even know what to use. No one is asking you to be sappy or syrupy or phony. The one thing I can't stand is false humility. Someone pretending to be I'm so humble. I'm not talking about being passive as a man or a woman. I'm talking about letting God deal with that something something. Lord, I need you to do something that can deal with my something. Anybody hear me? He knew Jesus there was still something within which was antagonistic to the spiritual life that had been implanted in him. Nor nor was his this experience it was not peculiar to him alone. He realized that. He realized that there were many people, including newborn Christians, but also even those who had followed the Lord for some time, who were still dealing with something. The Bible name for that is the carnal mind. Romans 8:67, for to be carnally minded is death, to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is what? For it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed what a carnal mind. Sometimes it's called flesh. Romans 8:89. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God, but ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit, if so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, Paul said in 1 Corinthians 3 1-3, I brethren could not speak unto you as un spiritual, but as under carnal, even as under babes in Christ, I have fed you with milk and not with meat. For hitherto you were not able to bear it, neither yet now are able, for ye are yet carnal. For whereas there is among you, you want to understand what a carnal mind looks like in a church house. Among you there is yet envying and and strife. Envying is comparing. Division and ye are you not carnal and walk as men. You could have eaten some meat if you would have just gotten that something that flesh that carnal nature dealt with. You see, this carnal mind isn't automatically destroyed when we come to Christ. It wants to live. It wants to thrive. It wants to pull you out of God's plan. In a message, the revelation of Jesus Christ, brother Brandham said, paragraph 118, he said, uh, the carnal mind shuns it because the carnal mind knows nothing about it. No wonder the carnal mind doesn't know it because it's Satan in that carnal mind. and Satan is exposed. And Satan does not want himself exposed. It's the enemy that is inspiring carnality in our thoughts. It's beyond just a flesh nature. To me to be surrendered to the Lord, to have met the Lord and the beauty of salvation and redemption and still be dealing with this carnal mind means that the enemy has found a place that he can breathe over your thoughts and cause you to struggle. Maybe we need to cry out like George Fox, Lord, I need something from you to help me deal with this something. Yeah. Galatians 5:16-17. Don't have time to read it. Galatians 5:24. The news is getting a little better. And they that are Christs have crucified the flesh with the afflictions, affections, and lust. It's a willful, intentional act to pull some of those things down every time they creep up. When envy creeps, when jealousy creeps, when bitterness creeps, when anger creeps, when your temper creeps up, it's not just something poured on it. We need something that will abolish and destroy that carnal mind. The only thing I know of is to find and take the mind of Christ. We may think that we have it, but the reality is we think like Christ sometime and think like flesh the rest of the time. And the scripture classifies us like this, a double-minded man. One who thinks like Christ part of the time and flesh part of the time. He's unstable in all of his ways. Somebody said, "Boy, this is getting hopeless in here because because I I sometimes feel the mind of Christ. I sometimes know I'm thinking the word. I know the word is winning and other times I feel like my carnal mind and flesh is winning and and and what will I do about it and and will I I'll never be able to win this battle. Oh, you will. You will. You will. You will. It's won. The battle's already won. You you you just got to call an end to the war, but the the victory is yours. It's yours. The way has been made, but you won't coast in. You won't just flop in. You You can get quiet. I I I I won't shorten it a bit in a message all the days of our life. I've gotten to page eight. This is good for me. He said, "And they that are Christ have crucified." He said in uh paragraph 27, "The Holy Spirit speaking in the scriptures tonight that that we might serve him all the days of our life in holiness before him." Cleanliness. That's cleanliness and holiness. But today you can mention that word holy and people laugh at it. See how Satan's got it all wrapped up. But he said you are a slave and if you're a Christian you're a slave. You're a bonds slave of the Lord Jesus Christ. Ain't that great? If there's two people of you both spirit and body and if you cater to the flesh. It's real simple. If you cater to the flesh if you lean to the flesh you're a slave of the devil and you'll crucify. That's right. That's right. the soul that's in you. For the Bible said, "The soul that sinners shall surely die." And you have to crucify the flesh in order to be a bonds slave in your flesh to be a servant of Jesus Christ. So, you're a slave any way you take it and you'll you can't get away from that. You're either a slave to sin and Satan or you're a bond slave, a love slave to the Lord Jesus Christ. What is your choice? Amen. But you can't go on to have overcoming power in the last days. We haven't seen yet what things are going to be and how things are going to shift and and we don't yet know what we're going to face and we're not going to be able to overcome them with a hope so or a maybe so or with a double-minded man mindset. Are you here? Other names in the Bible for that something are are sin that dwelt in me, the law of sin, the body of this death, the sin which doth so easily beset, the sin of the world, the body of sin, our old man. It goes on and on and on. The scriptures keeps mentioning this strife, this struggle, this war, this inbred sin, this depravity, our evil nature, original sin, the Adamic nature. It goes on and on. But thank God, I want to tell you tonight, I want to tell you on the way out of this, I want to tell you there's power. There's power over the flesh. There's power over carnality. There's power over the body of sin. There's power over the law of sin. There's power over inbredad sin. There's power over the evil nature, the original sin, the Adamic nature. There's power over that. And it's in the blood of Jesus Christ. His blood, the life that's in that blood has the ability to eliminate and to destroy that nature. Not just once, once and for all. [Music] But it won't just happen. That's right. It doesn't just fall on your head like ripe cherish from a tree. There is an identification that must take place. You must choose who to take sides with. Not once. As a believer, daily. We have to choose daily what what dog to feed, what voice to listen to. That's right. Daily. Romans 6:6. Look at it. Knowing this that our old man, our old man, our old man. Anybody had an old man? It's crucified with him. Then what is that? Something something. What are we letting in? Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin. Romans 6:7, for he that is dead is freed from sin. Dead dead man walking, only dead man can see the full glory of God. For he that is dead is freed from sin. Now, if we are be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also do what? Live with him. Go home and read the rest. 9 through16. Read it. Read it. Read it. Read it. You'll understand that sin doesn't have to rule or reign in your mortal body. Because if you can find your identification in Christ crucified, if you can find your identification in Christ resurrected, if you can know that you know that you know that you were in him when he died, if you can know that you know that you know that you were in him when he suffered, then you become one who fellowships and participates in his suffering. Uffing the old church taught, you know, you've got to suffer every day. You've got to keep suffering. You've got to keep pulling yourself up and out because you've got to learn the fellowship of his suffering. You better read that verse. You better read that verse again. There's going to be trials. Yes, there's going to be heartaches. Yes, there's going to be suffering. Yes, yours won't look like mine, and mine won't look like yours. But I want you to know that's not how you fellowship with Christ in his suffering. You fellowship with Christ in his suffering by placing your identification in him by knowing that you were in him according to the New Testament. You were in him when he died. You were in him when he was crucified. A prophet tells us clearly that as Adam received a separation as God reached in and pulled the feminist part out of Adam, pulled Eve right out of him that day at Calvary. Symbolically, the very same thing took place. He reached in the side of the bridegroom and separated from him. Again, symbolically a bride. That means I was in him. That's right. This is identification. We talked about Memorial Day. We we talked about that whole quote where he's preaching away and he said, "I was with Paul Rivere. I was with I was with George Washington." when and and you hear that as a non-believer and you say, "Well, what in the world is that man talking about?" But as a believer, he said, "I'm an American." And that means I'm identified with her in her strengths and in her weaknesses. I was there. I was in her when she was formed. I am I am an American. He was preaching. And if you were ever in Christ, if you were ever even a thought in the mind of God before the foundation of the world, then by identification, you were in him when he suffered. You were in him when he died. You were in him when he rose from the dead. This becomes a revelation to you. And you understand then that that something something can be dealt with. How many of you know there's only one way? I'm uh musicians. Let's see how slow you can come. Somebody tell me if they're running. This is winnable. This is doable. There's an answer for the something something. You see, God didn't open up the revelation of Jesus Christ through his word so that we could experience the same kind of daily battles and grinds and binds and struggles that others who have not yet come to that revelation uh experience on a daily basis. Revelation. Revelation. When God reveals to you your identification in Christ, then you have a new weapon. Amen. You have a new weapon to use on your enemy because he's going to lie to you every day. Anybody here? He's going to lie to you. Did Did you you believe the devil lied to anybody in here today? Anybody bold enough to raise your hand and say, "Yeah, I heard it. I heard some I heard him. I heard him." He did. Brother, that's all he is. That's all he's ever been. And the only reason why he gets in our ear is because he comes with a little bit of the truth. And we open up the door and let him on in. But we must understand that we have the weapon, the revelation of the open word is a weapon to use against the enemy to defeat that something something. Yes, sir. George Fox didn't have it. You can have it. You can see it. God can make it known to you. Only dead men see God. Sin shall not have dominion over you. Greatest battle ever fought. Paragraph 129. Then if Satan can get through there, get by this conscious and these other things, he gets right down here to the end of the soul in the mind, you have to let him in. Then when he gets in, he's got control. You hear that? Then what does he do? He begins to use the conscious. He begins to use this outlet. See, taste, feel, smell, hear, imaginations, conscience, memory, reasons, affections. He begins to use all those little different channels. As long as he can get in above this one here, he's got to come in your mind first. And you have to accept it. You used to not know any better. And so you just take whatever he says and you deal with it the rest of the day. I'm a failure. I've never really been born again. I'm the problem with my kids. I'm the problem with my neighbor. I'm the problem on the job. I'll never live a victorious life. I'll never be able to overcome my own self, my own carnality, my own flesh. You just keep going on and stewing and building and rehearsing the lie and repeating the lie because you accepted the lie. I'm telling you, you've got to meet that devil at the door. You've got to meet him at the door. You've got to say, "Wait just a minute, devil. I was in him. I was in him. I was in him. I was in him. My identity is in him. My identity is not with fallen Adam, the first Adam. It's with the last Adam. Some of you sisters ought to say, "My identity is not with fallen e fallen Eve. My identity is with Mary who said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Revelation brings identification that helps you to know who you are and what your destiny is. Your destiny is not to struggle every day of your life in your mind. It's the greatest battle ever fought, but God has provided a way. You've got to choose. You have to choose. Don't Haven't Haven't you preached this? Oh yes. For 20 plus years I have. Why are you doing it again? Because God won the wrestling match. He won the wrestling match again today. And I'm here to remind you that you've got everything you need to defeat the enemy. It's in you right now. You don't need another preacher to bring it along. You don't need another experience to get it to you. It's there. If you've received the revelation of the word, if you have surrendered yourself to who he is and the fullness of who he is, you have what you need to defeat the enemy. But nobody can use it for you. You can confess to the priest and he can help you. There's only one person who can take the weapon. There's only one person who can choose where you identify yourself. Are you going to identify yourself as a loser because Satan said you are? Or are you going to identify yourself in Christ because the revelation of the word says that's who you are. Now, what do we know about Christ? According to Hebrews, we know Hebrews 7:26, we know that he became us who is holy, harmless, undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens. My identification is in him. So my reality, my present battle may be that I'll never make it. I'll never I'll never pick up. I'll never be able to win this thing. I'll never be able to be a mature son of God. But my reality is I was in him when he died. Yes, sir. I was with him when he defeated death, hell, and the grave by identification. Identification is where you put yourself. It's the flag you fly. It's the flag you fly, sir. I'm identified. I'm identified. I'm identified. Be careful what kind of flag you fly because that's your identification. And if you identify with the struggle and you listen to the lie, you'll be caught up in that something something. You You'll be beating yourself every day of your life. And I tell you what, if that's the way it has to be, I don't understand why Christ had to suffer the way that he suffered. If I have to earn this salvation and this victory and this overcoming power, if I have to earn this for myself, I don't know why my Lord had to suffer the way he had to suffer. If I have to keep experiencing this great battle of the mind and there's no hope for me and no way out until the rapture, then I don't understand why my Lord had to suffer the way he did. The reality is the lie can only get in if you let it in. You got to let him. And then when he gets in, he'll take control. When Satan walked up to Eve and said, "You know the fruit is pleasant." She stopped for a moment. Oh, that's when she made a mistake. She stopped for a moment. I know we got to go. When the enemy tells you you're never going to make this thing, you'll you'll never be bride. The way I hear some preaching preaching bride, preachers preaching bride, it's as though you have to find some place to qualify. Well, I want you to know something. I could never be worthy in myself, in my rotten way. I could never be worthy to be his wife. I could never be worthy to wear the name Mrs. Jesus Christ. But the reality is I'm only worthy because he made me thus. He made me worthy. How did he do that? By letting me come in to his identification. By letting me be accepted in the beloved. Isn't that what the New Testament said? Glory to God. Does that mean I can just sin and go out and whoop and party and carry on, have a good time? That's not what it means at all. The more you close the door to the lie of the enemy, the more you're going to understand your destiny is over there behind that veil. Once a year, one man could go in. But I want you to know when Jesus died, the scripture tells us in the gospels that when Jesus died on Calvary, the veil of the temple was torn in twain from what? And the way was made. God doing two things. Exposing the fallacy of religion and opening up the way. Most Jews believe the ark of the covenant was still behind that veil. Most Jews, most worshippers had no idea that the ark had been lost and that it was not behind that veil. So they just kept believing that that priest was putting blood on the ark of the covenant. The reality is in the time of Christ, there was no ark of the covenant there, only a foundation stone. And the priest would go behind that veil. Nobody would know what would happen except the priest. And he would sprinkle blood on the foundation stone without the mercy seat, without the ark because it was gone. So when that veil torn from top to bottom, I want you to know anybody, any priest that was there that hadn't been led in on the secret, he looked right in and he saw, "Oh my goodness, we've been in jeopardy. We've been guessing so and hoping so." I heard brother Brandham say if they could have looked right out through the window there, they would have seen hanging on the cross. the answer. They didn't need that box anymore. There was a new mercy seat. There was a new blood. Come on. There was a new blood that had been shed. He said, uh, don't stop for nothing. You've got the message. Jesus lives. God is a healer. That's the message. He said, don't stop for nothing. No reasoning, no nothing. She stopped for a moment. That's when Satan walked right into that mind. Some of you live this every day. the same message just a few few places down and I'm I'm going to stop. How does he get in? Through the mind. This door the battlefront standing there. Now when you get that battle set in array now the devil's sitting right to uh setting right to every heart this morning sitting this little girl's heart sitting at your heart sitting all around. Oh, I've seen you try before. I've heard that before. Cast him out. Don't offer him tea and biscuit. Cast that liar out. You're talking to me about my worthiness. I'm not standing here by my worthiness. You're talking to me about my track record. I'm not here represented by my track record. You see, it wasn't the perfection of the worshipper that made God accept the offering. It was the perfection of the offering. I am not perfect will never be in flesh perfected. But my offering, my lamb, my sacrifice, the blood of Jesus Christ cries out. It cries out. Cast him out. Cast him out. What did the Bible say here? Casting him out. That's right. Casting him out. And then listen at what he says. We been trained. We forget our training. Play something, please. We forget our training. We listen to the lie. This is we we took our time tonight because it was a battle to get it here. Maybe a battle for you to get here. Some of you visitors, no doubt you are like home folk, you're facing stuff. If you don't cast him out in the morning, he'll hang with you all day long. If you don't shut the lie down, I'm not even going to look around. I don't want to see I don't want to see the rush on your face. If you don't shut him down in the morning, he'll hang he'll hang to lunch. Everything you think about yourself, if you just stop to think about what you're thinking about, if you just grab a hold of your stinking thinking and say, "Wait a minute. There's a price that's been paid." That's right. Some of you precious little sisters, I I I I just feel like I could never be the wife. That's a lie. That's the enemy telling you that on my wife's worst day, she's been more than I've ever deserved. If you let the enemy tell you what a horrible mother you are or what a horrible mother you'll be, if you let him tell you that in the morning, he'll be telling you that on the bed at night. Sure. That's the truth. If you let him tell you in the morning your family would be better off without you. He'll be telling you that all through the afternoon. The word says something different. Jesus our Lord tempted in all manner even as we are. I I didn't get to it but I will sometime. That that amazing verse of scripture in the Gospels that says he sanctified himself. Jesus sanctified himself. When brother Brandham's preaching that text, he said, "Well, he could have been married. He could have had a home. He could have had fancy clothes. He he could have had a lot of things, but he chose to sanctify himself, to put himself apart because he had a a a mission, a commission. He had something to accomplish. But what sticks out to my mind when I read that verse of scripture is if Jesus had to remember to keep pulling himself separate, set apart, not to get caught up in everything that goes on around you. Did you know that President Trump and Elon Musk are fighting? Did you know I don't care? Did you know I could care less? I can't get caught up in that. I I can't get caught up in what this one's saying and that one's saying and the others say. I can't get caught up in what the enemy is trying to tell me about my own life and success. I have a decision that I've got to make and I've got to keep I've got to keep making the right choice and the right all day long and cast him out. Cast him out. Cast him out. The the the devil, the one you've been talking about, well, he doesn't exist anymore. Yes, sir. That was the old man. Do you understand that most of the lies he tells you is about the old you? Yes, sir. And you are not that you anyway. Old things have passed away. Behold, all things have become new. All he can do is harass you for what you used to be and try to convince you that you still are. But the blood of Jesus is crying out. There are no perfect mothers. There are no perfect fathers. There are no perfect husbands. There are no perfect wives. But there's a perfect savior. There's a perfect lamb. His grace is sufficient. His blood is powerful enough. And even our Lord who had to sanctify himself, who was tempted in all manner as we are, he had to use this weapon. He didn't use his his position or his office. He chose to use the word. It is written. It is written. It is written. The word. The word. God uses his word to defeat his enemy. Isn't that right? So the next time, oh, will there be a next time before you get in the parking lot? Somebody will will will not have a chance to shake your hand. And before you get in the parking lot, some of you, not all of you, but some of you will be convinced that they're all plotting against you. You're going to be faced with that. Well, I would go down there to eat, but everybody's going to look at me like I I don't I don't need anything to eat. [Music] That' be a lie. The food wouldn't be down there if I didn't want you to come and eat it. Oh, people don't believe. Yes, they do. I have people say things to me like that. Well, you looked at me when you said that. That's why I try not to look at anybody. Not because I'm embarrassed to look at you in the eye. I'd like to sometime to see if you're squirming. But I don't want you to think I'm directing it at you individually. I am directing at you corporately. I'm tired of seeing you beat up and and drug around. My little buddy, Brother Billy Andrews, used to say, "Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired?" Yes, sir. Aren't you ready to let Jesus win and settle this thing in your mind? If you're here right now and you would say, "I need to realize that I am dead because I died in him." That little something something that keeps rising up in me is a lie. Yes, sir. It's not a nature because I had a nature change. How many of you had a nature change at conversion? Yes, sir. You You can't be an eagle and a pig at the same time. You've had a nature change. Sure, there's a carnal mind. Sure, there's flesh that tries to rise up. But the reality is that's in the minority. The identification you have in Christ is in the majority. And you need to fellowship with the majority of what you who you are. Yes, sir. And not the minority. It's written. It's written. The word said. The word said. The word said. I died in Christ. I rose with Christ. He doesn't lose what he saves. The one who started this work in me is more than able to finish this work in me if I lean on him. He may call me a failure, but Jesus says, "I can overcome all things because he overcame." If you're here and you need God to help you with some of these lies that the enemy tells, let's see if you're serious enough that you'd stand where you are right now. This is to the believer. This is not to unbeliever. This is to the believer. I'm serious enough about these lies. Maybe you're a preacher or you feel some call to you feel some call to be and the enemy says you'll never pre you'll never be this. You'll never be successful. You'll never have an open door. You'll never lies lies. Lies lies. This September I will have been ministering 50 years. I started at seven, started pastoring at 17, and I have never wanted or lacked for a place to preach. I've never called a preacher, never texted or wrote a letter and said, "I'm passing through. And I've never looked for or felt sad because I had to preach for you. I've turned down more invitations that I've taken. And if I never get another one, that's okay, too. Because that's not what makes me his servant. Whom he calls, he qualifies. He doesn't He doesn't He doesn't call the qualified. He qualifies the called. Come on. Let him do something in you. I did. I asked for everybody to stand, but yet you're all standing because you're facing the same battle common to man. Doesn't matter how much of the Holy Ghost you have, you're fighting that same battle. You need to choose where your identification is going to be. Sister Jada, come here. Zachary, come to Where is he? Zack, come here. Where is he? Go get him. I can't see him. He's coming. Oh, he's got babies. Who else wants to know who you are in Christ? Anybody else want to come this way? I just felt I just felt spontaneous to call them, but anyone can come. Anybody can come. Well, does it work if you force people to come? Maybe. [Music] There's no magic pill to swallow here. There's no no formula. It's just Will you take God at his word? Will you keep listening and entertaining and going down those rabbit trails of lies? Will you let the enemy continue to fill you full of anger or envy or whatever it is you're battling with? Or will you make a stand tonight? I'm done cooperating with the one who's out to destroy me. He don't have to fight nearly as hard cuz I keep letting him in and serving him lunch. Won't you make up a m your mind to evict him to put him out on his head tonight and say, "I am what Christ says I am." That's right, Lord Jesus. Uh, I feel your presence. I'm not here because of a feeling. I feel your presence. I know you're here. Your word is real. Your spirit is present. I ask you right now to touch your children, your precious ones who have uh come this way. It's not required. It's not necessary. But many have chosen to stand shouldertosh shoulder because this is a battle common to man. It's a it's a it's a race that is common to man. The enemy works against us all in one way or another and it all works through the battle of the mind. But tonight we want to take back Tonight we want to take back who you said we are. We want to take back the new creature you made us. We want to take back, oh God. We want to take back who you say we are. We want to take back our identity with you, the reality that we were with you when you were crucified. We want to stand on your word tonight and raise up to a higher level. Lord, send the transforming glory. You you we've heard tonight that only dead men see the glory. May May we cast ourselves on the one who died on our behalf. Yes, we die daily. Yes, we we crucify the old man. Yes, all of those scriptures are right. But our victory is found tonight in recognizing that it is not what we do for you, but it is what you have done for us that makes victory possible. Hallelujah. If you feel comfortable, just put your hand on someone near you right now. I don't want anyone to feel uncomfortable, but if you feel uncomfortable, put your hand on someone right now. I I call lies down in the authority of Jesus Christ. I call down lies over the people of God, the children of God, the redeemed of the Lord. I call those lies down in his name, by his word through his blood. We say to that enemy, you are defeated. You are exposed. The word of God has uncovered you. I am what the word says I am. I am what the word says I am. I'm a dead man because I died in you. And I have life because I found life, resurrection, anastasis life in you. You raised me up. You not only took me to the bottom, but you raised me up with a with a transforming power. And now, Lord, I want more of that experience with your glory. I want more of an encounter with a revelation that keeps driving me back to the reality of who I am. Jesus. Lord, we lay hands on our sister tonight in faith. And we pray, oh God, that you will will remove every arrow, every dart, every lie that has found a lodging place in her mind and in her heart. Every accusation, even that which she has accused herself of, even that which she has created in her own imagination, to sabotage and defeat her own victory. We come against that tonight in the authority of the blood of Jesus Christ, the authority of the living word of God, the authority of the name. And we command those lies, those adjectives, those descriptive words, we command them to fall to the reality of the revelation of what you have made her. We keep hearing it said, "We are not what we ought to be, what we want to be, but thank God we're not what we used to be. In that we find our faith and we find our hope. We find our trust in that tonight. Lord, I know what you did. Tell him in your heart, sister, I know what you've done for me. I know you didn't start this thing to leave me now. I know that what you started, you will finish. You called me your own. And I surrender right now. I surrender right now as you defeat every lie as you pull all of them down. Glory to his name. Some of you young brothers slip this way and let's lay hands on Zach now because this young man has had an experience with the Lord around the front of this church. And from way way before then, I'm sure Satan uh made an assignment against him to try to redefine who he is and to fill him with anger, to fill him with bitterness. But he is the Lord's. He belongs to the Lord. I've seen in him the most tender, precious nature. I've seen in him the most sincere heart. None of the things that the enemy has tried to make him none of the things the enemy has tried to mold remold him or reshape him. What I saw was the direct opposite of all of those things. And we know that's who he really is. His identity is not found in bad behavior. His identity is not found in words spoken over his life. His identity is not found in manifested anger or violence. His identity is found in the word of the Lord the seed that he has carried. Tonight I pray in the name of Jesus that you will rewire Lord his his thinking Lord in the name of Jesus. May he find a redefinition of who he is. Now, you're going to have to let the forgiveness of the Lord just rush over you. I'm not asking you to do anything except to say yes. All I'm asking you to do is just let him in. You'd be you you you'd really be an odd bird if you if you didn't want him in. I think you want him in. So, just open the door right now and let him in. Uh yesterday ended, last night You'll never be again. You're in another day in the name of Jesus. Whoa. [Music] Every shackle, every fatter, every chain, we pull it down in the authority of Jesus Christ. Lord, I receive your forgiveness and I thank you for the grace that I would just be able to forgive my own self. May I find the grace of God to let go of any grudge. Young man, no one is denying you the right to feel how you have felt or think how you have thought. But what we are saying is there's no overcoming power in any of that. The only overcoming power is to yield your will. When I gave him my will, did you remember? Did you hear what George Fox said? When I when I when I yielded my will and I let the Lord come. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. I surrender. Let us surrender. Amen. Now, if you can, I want you to begin to say, "Thank you, Lord." Thank you, Lord. Lord, that's it. That's right. with with a grateful heart. Lord, we thank you that you allow Uturns, fresh starts, new beginnings. Oh, [Music] we stand on the promise of your word tonight. Hallelujah. We stand on the promise of your word tonight, Jesus. [Music] Will you let him do it? Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Lay your hand on him, brother again. Lord, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Shandoresus. Glory with the Holy Ghost. Glory. Come and worship. Glory. Leave me a clean heart. Yes, Lord. Restore the joy. Yes. In your presence. [Music] That's where I belong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I am strong. Oh Jesus, seeking your face, touching your grace. Grant it Lord tonight in the cliff of the rock. Let the victory be ours in your presence. Oh God, just stretch your surrender to him right now. In your presence, I surrender. That's where I belong. I surrender your prayer. I surrender my will. Oh Lord my God, here in your presence, oh that's where I am strong. Oh, I'm seeking your face. Touching your grace and touching your grace. I stand in that place in the rock. In your presence, oh God, push in one more time before we leave. In your presence, that's where I belong. In your pres. I just won't agree with that anymore. Oh Lord my God with his life and that's where I am strong when I'm seeking your face and touching your grace. Why don't you let the Lord do something for you right now wherever you are of the rock? If you're still streaming this service, make up your mind. In your presence, I'm a dead man walking. My identity was in his death, but also in his resurrection. The life that I now live is not my own, but it's rather the life of Christ. Lord my God in your presence. Oh that's where I greater is he that is in me when I'm seeking your face. and touching your grace. Little children over the clft of the rock even as I in your presence, oh God. Now go ahead now. Let him finish his word. your praise. Yes, that's where I dwell in your push out all the old fill me with the new Lord my God. Push out all the presence. Fill me. That's where I am strong. When I'm seeking your face and I'm touching your grace, Jesus, in the clift of the rock, Lord, you are the restorer of in your presence. You've taught us how to hope against hope. Real reason concrete reason to hope. You taught us how to hope. Anyway, that's where I I want you to stir that up in my little sister. Lord, Lord, as she begins to just let you, my God, in your pray, may she find grace. That's right. And that's where may she find grace to just let you seek your give her a new beginning to a new place of faith in the Lord. Teach her. Teach her the power of prayer. Let her understand your presence that you hear her. You see these tears. You hear the cry of her heart. If there are no words that come out of her mouth as we sing tonight, you know her need and you read her heart when she bows before you. Raise up those generations from her own defeat. That will march through the land. All of creation is longing. None of that is you. None of that is for your unveiling of power. None of that is who you are. We call out the release uny. [Music] Oh God, let this be the hour. We expose the glory fall in this room and let it go forth from here to the nations. He's got a life that's worth living your rest in this place. In those times that that you have wondered if life was really worth the living. He has a life for you. In this room, he has a life for you. Let it go forth from here to the nation. Break off in the name of Jesus in this place. Hey Lord, as we gather just to seek your face. Father of creation. Oh, he cares. He cares. He cares for your sovereign. He cares. Michaela cares. Raise up a chosen generation. Cares all that will march through the land. Carter, hold up your hand. He cares. All of creation is longing. He knows how to break every bit of that old for your unveiling of power. [Music] Oh, Jesus. We call down that lie. Oh God, let this be the hour. Let me fall in this room. You're his. Let it go forth from here. Let it rewire nations. letting your fragrance rest. [Music] Lord, as we gather just to seek your face, Jesus, and let your glory fall in this room. That's right. That's right. Now, let him let it go forth from here. I loose you. I loose you from it in the authority of Jesus Christ. [Music] Lord, as we gather to seek your show him, show him a new life. Show him a new way of the nations. Hey, this world is yet to see. You don't have to live under that accusation. You don't have to live under that lie. You can be free from that. You're right in victory. [Music] Yes. Turn to us, Lord, and touch us. Raise his hand way up, way up high. Jesus, please make us strong in your mind. Jesus, overcome all of our weak. Let him come all the way. Let him stand up and fight. Let your glory fall. Glory to God. Somebody praise the Lord. Somebody believe God with us right now. [Music] Hallelujah. Let your rest rest in this place. Oh, as we gather just to seek your face. Oh, let your glory fall. Begin to thank him for his love. Thank him for his touch that he would pass forth from here to the nations. Let your great rest in this place. Hallelujah. Lord, as we gather to see your face, ruler of the name you lift up your hands to the Lord. Lift up your hand. I don't want the world is yet to see. Lord, I thank you right now. Oh, if you could just see the Lord of your pro. I think if you could just see what others see. Oh, you're bride in victory. Hallelujah. I think you'd find a place. Turn to us, Lord, and touch us. His presence, his spirit make us strong in your mind. who you are beautiful to him. Please overcome our weak. Hallelujah. Thank God for Lord that we might stand up and fight. Thank God for let your glory fall in this room. Thank God for Ariel. Let go forth from here to Lord. Let him be strength to one another. Let your fant rest in reinforce the negative but let him reinforce the positive to see each other's [Music] face in this room. Oh Lord, you see that passion forth that put your finger right on any of [Music] that place to be. Oh, as we gather to seek your face, you are worthy of her. Let her receive your strength and be strength to these girls. Oh, you are worthy of strengthen one another. Holy Ghost, my for you are all things and to you all things my God, you deserve the glory. I give it. I give it to you. I surrender it of it all. You are worthy of it all. Glory. You are worthy of it all. [Music] Yes, you are, Lord. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. Go ahead. Oh, you deserve this Lord. He wants you all to bring strength. one to another. You got to have faith among you to get the job done. My God, you are worthy. You just got to make up your mind and defeat the lie. I want to be a dead man walking. I want to understand and identify myself with what he did for me. I can do it. I just have to yield. Hallelujah. All the saints and angels they bow before your throne. Yes. And all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God. You're worthy of it all. Sing it that you are worthy of it all. You know he's worthy. Tell him Yes, you are, Lord. You are worthy of Keep doing what you do. All the glory and the honor and the praise. Keep doing what you do from you are all [Applause] into my God. You deserve the glory. Keep doing what you do. Jesus of it all. Lift every heavy heart. You are worthy of it all. Yes, you are. Lift every heavy heart for you are all things and to you are all things. God, you deserve the glory. Oh, you are so worthy, Lord. If you could have done it by yourself, Jesus wouldn't have had to die of it all. Oh my God, you're so worthy. You can't do it by yourself. You are worthy of You're worthy of what he has. Oh, for for you are all things. Oh, and to you are all things, God, you deserve the glory. It matters tonight. It matters. Are you in fellowship with him? It matters. Let in arise. Don't let the lie break your fellowship with him. Night and day. Let in day and night and day in arise. Let the joy day and [Music] night day and night. Hallelujah. Night and day let in it fresh and day let [Music] in day and night. Night and day let incenc and night and day let it. Oh, let it rise, Lord. Day and night, night and day. Let your sins arise, my friend. Day and night, night and day, you are worthy of it all. My God, you are worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord. For from you are all things. Love, you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. Don't you want Jesus more than anything else? Oh, you are worthy of it all. Yes, you are, Lord, you are worthy of it all. All the praise and the honor goes to you. Worthy is the lamb for you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve the glory. [Music] All the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh, great are you, Lord. Let that song come out of you right now. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will carry. These bones they'll sing. So great are you. Oh, and all the earth will shout your hearts. Our hearts will cry. These bones they'll sing. Oh, great are you, Lord. Great are you and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh great are you. Oh these bones are going to cry. Great are you Lord. Oh and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. There's no time to play church. Are you let the Lord have it? It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise into your own in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you, oh it's your breath, oh in our lungs. So we pour out our praise, Lord. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. Sister Jennifer Jernigan, would you come up here just a minute? I I want you to help Sister Martha and Ariel. I want you to help them just a moment as they pray overnately. You know, you some of you uh mothers and you you all were this age one time. I remember. And you learn to intercede. Then you learn you, Marbbeth and others. You learn to stand in the gap for others. You learn to intercede. Now you've got to show these younger ones and encourage these younger ones to operate in this. Keep singing. I just I just felt like her presence in that moment was needed. Jennifer, lay your hand on Natalie. Ishma. All the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh great are you Lord Jesus. Come on. Oh, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh great are you Lord. Oh and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These palms they'll sing. Oh, great are you, Lord. Oh, I know you're great, Lord. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. Oh, these bones will sing. Oh, great are you and all the resistance will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing for great on you, Lord. [Music] It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise, Lord. We pour out our praise into your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. Oh. Oh, it's your breath. Oh, in our lives. So we pour out our praise, Lord. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to [Music] you. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Great. Are you Lord? You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart in the name of Jesus. that is broken [Music] in the name of Jesus. [Music] Lord, it's your breath. In the name of Jesus, call his name in the name of Jesus. The enemy has to go. The enemy has to go when you call his name. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Come on. That's right. That's right. Pour out our We command that stubborn spirit that would try to harass this child of God. We command you to take your hands off her as she calls on the name of Jesus. We open the prize and you stood in her way. She could not be free in the authority over your work. We pour out our praise in the name of Jesus. Call his name. Jesus. Jesus. Come Jesus. Bring me deliverance Lord. Bring me our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. At the very root at the very root where that thing was allowed to enter. May she go back to that place. May the blood of Jesus will seek destroy the works of God that will be tormented her mind shame and all the earth will your praise the earth deliverance and all freedom [Music] you hallelujah and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Lord, I trust you are away from my life. anything. How great are you, Lord? And all the earth will shout your praise. These bones will sing. Oh gra. He doesn't have [Music] to your voice. You have control. It's your breath. In the name of our lungs. So we pour out our praise name, Jesus. We pour out our praise into your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praises to your bre. Lord, I surrender in our lives. So we pour out our praise to you. Put your finger on every door in our lives. So we pour out our praise. Put your finger on every door. Pour out our praise into your breath exactly where to let your blood flow right now. Our praise to you Jesus. Jesus [Music] are the word at the beginning one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. You're my king. destiny in Christ. What a beautiful name it is. Great field. Nothing compares to the Lord. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Oh yes. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven [Music] now. My sin was great. Your love was greater. And what could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. Oh, the name of Jesus Christ, you're my king. That's right. What a wonderful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. And death could not hold you. the veil Jordan before you. You silence the bo of sin and grave. Now the heavens are roaring the praise of your glory. For you have raised to life again. And now you have no rival. And you have no equal now and forever. God, you reign. Cuz now yours is the kingom and yours is the glory and yours is the name that's above all names. In death could not hold you. the veil torn before you. Oh, you silence the walls of sin and ring. Now the heavens are roaring. Oh, the praise of your glory. For you have raised to life again. And you have no right. You have no equal. Oh now and forever God you reign. Cuz it's the kingom and yours is the glory and yours is the name above all names. Oh now death could not hold you. Oh, the veil torn before you. Oh, you silence the most of sin gra. Now the heavens are roaring for the praise of your glory. For you have raised raised to life again. And yours is the kingom. And yours is the glory. And yours is the name above all names. And what a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. Oh, the name of Jesus Christ, you're my king. What a powerful name it is. and nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. of Jesus. Little girl was lying there. People all weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. And as he took her by the hand and she began to live again, some begin to praise the Lord and some begin to [Music] say that he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. And now there is life. Where the darkness used to be. And now there is hope. You see there's no more doubt. Somebody praise his name. Won't you praise his name? Oh, he's in the house. That means death has to flee. Oh, now there is life. Oh, where your darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. You see, there's no more doubt. Somebody praise his name. Come on and praise his name. Cuz my God's in the house. That means that death has to flee. Oh, and now there is light. Where somebody's darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. We were like that little girl dead in all our sin. Till Jesus touched this heart of mine and he gave me life again. Oh, I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. Oh, he's in the house and death has to flee. Oh, now there is a light where your darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, I don't see me down. Somebody praise his name. Won't you praise his name? My God's in the house. That means that death has to flee. Oh, now there is life where someone's dark as it used to be. And now there is hope. You see there's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. Oh, he's in the house. Old death has to flee. Now there is life where your darkness used to be. And now there is hope. Oh, I can't see it now. Oh, praise his name. Won't you praise his name? Oh, he's in the house. That means that death has to bleed. Oh, now there is life where you're miss. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. Oh, he's in the house. We were like that little girl, dead in all our sin. Till Jesus touched this heart of mine. Oh, and he gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. Oh, but ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me. Oh, for all the world to see that he's enough and death has to flee. Oh, now there is life where your Lord is used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more doubt. Oh, praise his name. Won't you praise his name? Oh, he's in the house. That means that death has to believe. Oh, now there is life where your used to be. Oh, now there is hope. I can't see any now. Somebody praise his name. Won't you praise his name? Because he's in this house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is life where all your darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. Oh, there's no more now. Somebody praise his name. Won't you praise his name? Won't you praise his name? Oh, praise his name cuz he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Now there is not where darkness used to be. Oh, now there is hope. There's no more now. Somebody praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] Praise. Somebody praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh Lord, do it. Oh Lord, rebuild and rebuild what the enemy has tried to tear down. Rebuild it, Jesus. You're a master builder. You're a master craftsman. Restore to us, Lord, what we've lost. Let this church be a church of dead men walking. Let this ministry be a ministry of dead men walking. May it have an a farreaching effect. Lord, we're not here trying to build something. We're just here trying to obey you. Lord, send others to help us fight this fight according to your purpose and plan. Jesus, you know, just obey the Lord. Just another moment if you feel to greet someone or God bless someone or I love you to someone. Do it. Let the Holy Spirit just seal tonight what he's done for you. You're taking God at his word. That's what you're doing. [Music] Give me just a moment. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Isn't he good? Amen. There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place. [Music] And I know that it's the spirit of the [Music] Lord. There are sweet expressions on each face. [Music] And I know that it's the presence of the Lord. Sweet Holy Spirit. Sweet heavenly dove, stay right here with us, filling us with your love. And for these blessings we lift our hearts in praise without a doubt. will know that we have been revived when we shall leave this place. Sweet, Holy [Music] Spirit, sweet heavenly love. Oh, stay right here with us, filling us with your love. And for these blessings we lift our hearts in praise without a doubt. We'll know that we have been revived. [Music] When we shall leave this place, without a doubt, we'll know that we Whoa. that we have been revived. when we shall leave this place. Now, who can say amen? Amen. Without a doubt, we'll know that we have been revived as we leave this place tonight. May the gentle dove of the Holy Ghost go with us all. Lord, may you bless our quick few moments of fellowship at the bottom of the hill. And may we find supernatural rest on the beds tonight to bring us back together tomorrow for the next level of what you desire to do among us. Our hearts are full tonight for what you've done and we don't know it all. But we praise you. We give you glory. We give you honor. We give you praise for you are the one who has helped us tonight. Anybody believe that? So Lord, we ask you to bless also the food and those who have traveled. May they find something. It doesn't matter to me whether it's in the service or whether it's on the bed at night. But Lord, may each one of them take something home that causes them to be in a higher place, in a closer place with your with you and with your word. And we'll give you glory, honor, and praise. Pour into the worship leaders. Pour into the musicians. Pour into those who've ministered in prayer around the altar tonight. And we'll give you glory, honor, and praise. For it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. And the saints said, "Amen." You're dismissed to go. Uh please don't do your fellowshipping in here. There's a vestibule and there's a fellowship hall at the bottom of the hill. Would you meet us there as you feel dismissed of the spirit to go? Would you meet us at the bottom? God bless you. Go in his peace.
