################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Where No Wood Is - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    Where No Wood Is — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZsfTlwhzig
========================================

Description:
Pastor Steven Shelley exposes the destructive practice of triangulation—involving third parties in conflicts to gain sympathy or leverage. Through deep study of Proverbs 26:20-22, he reveals how gossip operates like “dainty morsels” that people consume greedily, fueling strife and division. The message challenges believers to pursue direct, biblical communication instead of manipulative alliances, showing how God’s people can build relationships so strong that “not even a razor blade could come between them.”

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] down. At the cross where my savior died down forward with cleansing from sin I tried. There to my heart was the blood of glide. Gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. [Music] There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. I am so wondrously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within. There at the cross where he took me in. Gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. name. Gloryy to his name. Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Oh, there to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Oh, come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet. Plunge in today and be made complete. Oh, gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Down at the cross where my savior died. Down with cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Well, I am so wondrously saved from sin. Jesus so sweetly abide within there at the cross where he took me in. Gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Well, come to this fountain so rich and sweet and cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet. Oh, plunge in today and be made complete. Oh, gloryy to his name. Well, I'm singing gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Gloryy to his name. Well, gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Then to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Oh hallelujah. Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Oh, can you believe what the Lord has done in me? [Music] Well, he saved and cleansed me and he turned my life around. Set my feet upon the solid ground. Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Well, can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Oh, can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Well, he saved and cleansed me and he turned my life around. Set my feet upon the solid ground. Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Oh, there's been a great change in me. Oh, a great change in me. Oh, I'm so happy and I'm so free since he brought me out of darkness into his marvelous light. Oh, there's a great change in me. Well, there's been a great change in me. Oh, a great change in me. Well, I'm so happy and I'm so free since he brought me out of darkness into his marvelous light. Oh, there's a great change in me. Somebody look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. Well, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. It was just in time. I'm going to praise his name. Each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Somebody look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. You see, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me. And it was just in time. I'm going to praise his name. Each day he's just the same. Come on and praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Oh, he's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sins away. Well, he's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. I cannot tell it all. No, I cannot tell it all. He's done so much for me. I cannot tell it all. He has taken my sins away. Well, God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for you. Now, God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. Oh, God's got a miracle for you. Well, my God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. God's got a miracle waiting on you. Reach out and grab it. You sure can have it. God's got a miracle for you. Oh, look what the Lord has done. Look what the Lord has done. Well, he healed my body. He touched my mind. He saved me and it was just in time. I'm going to praise his name each day. He's just the [Music] same. Praise him. Look what the Lord has done. Can you believe what the Lord has done in [Music] me? Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Well, he saved and cleansed me and he turned my life around. Set my feet upon the solid ground. Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Sing that one last time. Oh, can you believe what the Lord has done in [Music] me? Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Well, he saved and cleansed me and he turned my life around. Set my feet upon the solid ground. Can you believe what the Lord has done in me? Oh, hallelujah. Thank you for your change, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Our God, a firm foundation, our rock, the only solid ground. As nations rise and fall, kingdoms once strong now shaken, we trust forever in your pain. It's the name of Jesus. adore. We trust the name of Jesus. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher and you are the only king forever. Forever more. Lord, you are victorious. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher and you are the only king. Forever, forever more, you are [Music] victorious, unmatched in all your wisdom. In love and justice you will reign and every knee will bow. We bring our expectations, our hopes. They're anchored in your name. It's the name of Jesus. And oh, we trust the name of Jesus. And you are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. And you are the only king forever. Forever more. Lord, you are victorious. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. You are the only king forever. Forever more. Lord, you are victorious. [Music] You're unmatched in all your wisdom. In love and justice you will reign and every knee will [Music] bow. We bring our expectations and our hope. They're anchored in your name. It's the name of Jesus. [Music] Oh, we trust the name of Jesus. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher and you are the only king forever. Forever more. Lord, you are victorious. You are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. You are the only king forever, forever more. You are victorious. [Applause] [Music] So we lift our banner high and we trust the name of Jesus. From age to age you reign and your kingdom has no end. And we lift our banner high. Oh, and we lift the name of Jesus. From age to age, you reign. Your kingdom has no end. And we lift our we name Jesus from age to age. You reign. And your kingdom has no end. And you are the only king forever. Almighty God, we lift you higher. And you are the only king forever, forever more. Lord, you are victorious. Oh, you are our victorious king. You are our victorious king. You reign over all the earth. You reign over all the earth. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you, Lord. Come and have your way in this place. Come and have your way in this place, oh Lord. Oh, we exalt you, Lord. Hallelujah. You [Music] alone, precious Jesus. Thank you, Master. And why would I worry when giants come calling my name? That's right. My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. And why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Oh, cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be [Music] shen and I won't be moved cuz my God is faithful. His promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Well, my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. [Applause] Oh my God is stronger. The victory it's already won. Oh, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. [Music] Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Hell and the grave and I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. Cuz my God is faithful. Lord, all your promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Think about what you're singing. Well, my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. Oh my God is stronger. The victory it's already one. Oh, he died for my ransom, but he rose up on the third day. Oh, cuz my God is greater than death. Hell in the grave and I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved. Oh, cuz my God is faithful, Lord. All your promises are true. So I'll speak to my mountain. Oh, it's your time to move. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. There's no mountain too high, no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high and no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain too high and no valley too low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's [Music] impossible. So I won't be shen and I won't be moved. Cuz my God is faithful and all his promises are true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's your time to move. Cause my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Sing it out. And I won't be shen and I won't be moved. Declare it over your life. Oh my God is faithful and all your promises are true. So I'll speak to my mountain. Oh, it's your time to move. Oh, cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. [Music] We believe it. Mountains are still being moved. Strongholds are still being loosed. God, we believe it. Yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. And bodies are still being raised. And giants are still being slain. And God we believe it. Yes, we can see that wonders are still what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. Set our hearts on you. Come and do what you do cuz we need to move and mountains are still being moved and strongholds are still being loosed cuz God we believe it. Yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. Oh, bodies are still being raised and giants are still being slain. Cuz God, we believe it. Yes, we can see it. Wonders are still what you do. And we are here for you. So come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. We set our hearts on you. So come and do what you do cuz we need to [Music] move and we are here for you. Tell him come and do what you do. We are here for you. Come and do what you do. Set our hearts on you. Come and do what you do cuz we need a move, Lord. We need a move. Yes, we do. Oh, we need a move of you, Lord. We need a move of you. Hallelujah. How do you explain? And how do you [Music] describe a love that goes from east to west and runs as deep as it is wide. Lord, you know all our hopes. Yes, you do. Yes, you do and you know all our fears. [Music] And words cannot express the love we feel. But we long for you to hear. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows for those you have [Applause] redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love, Lord, listen to our heart. If words could fall, I [Music] gra from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to our heart, Lord, every beat will [Music] say, "Oh, thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth and thank you for the way." [Music] So listen to our hearts, Lord. Hear our spirit [Applause] sing. A song of praise that flows to those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know just to tell you what an awesome God that you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love. Oh, listen to our hearts. It's my favorite verse. If birds could fall, I gra from these lips of [Music] mine. And if I had a thousand years, oh, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to our heart, Lord, every beat will [Music] say, "Oh, thank you for the life. Thank you for this truth and thank you for the way." Yes, Lord. So listen to our hearts. Oh, hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows to those you have redeemed. [Music] And we will use the words we know just to tell you what an awesome God that you are when words are not enough to tell you of our love. Lord, listen to our hearts. Bring the music down. Just make it your prayer. So listen to our hearts and hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows to those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. [Music] Lord our heart. Just keep praising the Lord for just a second. We're just going to try to stay in this atmosphere. They didn't practice this, but I asked them to sing this this morning. So, let's just worship with them. [Music] Thank you, master. Thank you. Thank you. The Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. The Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace. Oh, amen. Amen. Amen. And we sing amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] The Lord bless you and keep you and make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord turn his face toward you, oh, and give you peace. And we sing amen. We sing amen. Oh amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. His favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. is with you in the morning, in the evening, and you're coming. And you're going, and you're weeping, rejoice. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. Yeah. And we sing amen. Oh, a 10,000 praises to [Music] you. Amen. We sing amen. Amen. And we sing amen. We bless your name. Amen. Amen. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations in your family and your children and their children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He's with you. He is with you. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He's with you. is with you in the morning, in the evening, and you're coming, and you're going, and you're weeping, rejoicing. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. He's for you. Oh, oh, we sing a we bless your name. [Music] Oh, be enthroned in our praises. Amen. Amen. [Music] And we sing amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, amen. Amen. [Music] Yes. Glory. Glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who has an unspoken prayer request just by the uplifting of the hand? There's needs all over this room. The Lord knows every single one of them. Sister Jeffy's sister was taken to the hospital in the night and the MRI showed bleeding on the brain. They're doing surgery on Robin today. Let's pray for her. Let's pray God's gracious grace to be upon her. I had Jessica down that we would remember her and her family to the Lord. And she's here this morning. We're blessed about that. Sister Trish is home. She's been really sick this week with bronchitis. And Joseph is not feeling well. So, we want to lift them up to the Lord. The Miller kids are traveling this weekend. We want to pray for their safety as they go. Brother Daniel reached out to tell us that he had two unspoken requests and we want to believe that God will undertake in every one of those needs. And then there was another tragedy this week in the Wallace family. You all will remember a few years ago Bruce Wallace's son uh passed away in a plane, small plane crash with three other young believers. And this week, the son of Vern, named after his dad, his son Dylan, uh lost his life in a param motor accident, param motor crash, which is it's a paraglide with a with a motor on it. They wouldn't have known exactly what had happened except for the fact that a forest fire showed up on the radar. They went in to put out the small fire contained but but growing and found the body. So this family of course is devastated and would certainly we would want to we love the whole family. I know the the the great the grandparents and have known them for for over 30 years. They came out of latter rain. Would you pray that God will move for that entire family? Bless them. Help them. Comfort them. Most of all, some of them have have strayed from the Lord. Pray that God will draw them back to the to the middle of the road of truth. Just sing this as we go to prayer. Thank you, Jesus. Pray for brother. He's preaching already. May be coming to an end by now, but he's he's preaching for his dad. Peace of God, cover me and cover me and cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. And cover me. And only in you I am safe. And only in you I'm secure. [Music] And only in you I find peace for me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. And cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. They sing that again. Peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. and cover me. And only in you I am safe. And only in you I'm secure. And only in you I find [Music] peace. Don't hurt me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when it all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Let's sing the chorus again. Brother R.J., would you [Music] come? God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God, cover me through the storm. [Music] cover me. And only in you I am safe. And only in you I'm secure. And only in you I find peace. Oh cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. And let the priest that passes all I understand cover. [Music] Oh Yeshua, how thankful we are, Lord, that you do. We feel you today, Lord. Your presence that that you're alive and that you're active and that you care, oh God. Yes. I thank you, Lord, that you feel our need and our burden and you respond to it. That is the truth. I thank you, Lord, that we're not without hope. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, we thank you Lord for your peace. I I think of the scripture, I will keep in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on me. Hallelujah. And we have the assurance, Lord, in every circumstance that we might face, we have everything that we need in Christ. And it's not a Christ that we can't access. That's right. It's not a Christ behind a veil. No, sir. But you carried your own blood into heaven and you made a way, oh God, that each of us here today can access the throne of God. Yes, sir. And so we come to you, Father, free. Glory to Jesus. Fully of hope and thankfulness, oh God, that you're at work in our lives. We worship you, Aba. There's no reason to despair. No, sir. What does David say? He says, "Why art thou disqued within me? Hope thou in God. Hope thou in God." Yes. And so we pray, Father, for every need and every care and every burden. And we lay it at your feet today, Lord. And we ask that you would come and that you would manifest yourself that you would reveal yourself to us, oh God. And that you would bring your will to pass in our lives. Yes. Lord, I pray for every loved one that's in need, those that have lost loved ones, those that are grieving. Yes. Yes. I ask that you would draw near unto them, Lord. Comfort you are, Lord. Fill them with your peace. Renew their vision. Lord, let them see your sovereignty, your goodness, your mercy, oh God. Lord, we speak healing over everybody today. I thank you, Lord, that healing is part of the atonement. And so we claim it today over every body, over ourselves. We speak it in the name of Yeshua, the Messiah. Lord, we place your blood against every lie. Anything, Lord, in the natural that would be contrary to your word, we place your blood, your blood speaks, Lord, healing and redemption. [Music] And we love you today, Lord. We just respond to you. We respond to your presence, Lord, in this place. May you feel welcome. May you feel free to move and to have your will and your way. Lord, we lay every agenda at your feet. Oh God, we just want you to be revealed for you to transform our lives, Lord. We bless you today, oh God. Use this service for your purposes. In the name of Yeshua, the Messiah, we pray. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated today. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. IAS and Jonathan, would y'all mind coming and help me with the offering today? Thank you, Lord. Let's go. Go to the people today as Kade sings for us. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] I cried, Lord, have you forgotten me? It seems lately you're not around. And all the tears and all my fears I know you'd see them if you look [Music] down. But in the darkness I still hear you. So softly say these words. I'm just working on your testimony. Don't you give on me. I'm moving in ways that you cannot see. I know right now it's lonely and the darkness weighs on you, but just have faith and trust. Believe I'm just working on your testimony. If you're alone and feel you cannot win and you're tired of always feeling down, all your tears and all your fears, just know he sees them as he looks down. And in the darkness and all you're hurting, just remember these words. He's just working on your testimony and don't give up on him. He's moving in ways that we cannot see. I know right now it's lonely and the darkness weighs on you. Just have faith. Oh, trust and believe. He's just working on your testimony. [Music] and he sees the tears you cry. Even when you feel alone, he listens to your prayers and moves. Even when you think he won't. He's just working on your testimony. Don't give up on me. He's moving in ways that we cannot see. I know right now it's lonely and the darkness weighs on you. But just have faith. Oh, trust and believe. I'm just working on your testimony. [Music] I'm just working on your testimony. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. I'm glad he's still working on my testimony today. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand and get ready to go to the word. [Music] I've seen a vision harsh and sweet. The one who gave all he had for me. And I've seen the passion of his death and the forgiveness in his final breath. Now I could never be the same. My heart has been forever changed. I've got to live and love and give because he gave. I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. And now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my all. [Music] So here I stand today giving my life away. [Music] No earthly price could be too great. And no sacrifice too much to make. And no way of measuring the cost next to the blood of Calary's cross. So if I live, I live for him. Or if I die, I count it gain. My life is not my own, but his from this day on. [Music] Now I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. Oh yes. The very least I can offer is my all. Yes. So here I stand today just giving my life away. Amen. That's good. Praise the Lord. Sing it again. Now I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. And now I'm giving my life away. The very least, the very least I can offer is my all. My all. I want you to have my all, Jesus. So here I stand today giving my life away. Thank you, Jesus. So here I stand today giving my life away. Why don't you just lift your hands and make that commitment to the Lord? Here I am, Lord. Use me. Here I am, Lord. Have your way in me. Here I am, Lord. I lay my ambitions, my agendas, my goals, even my dreams. I lay them on the altar, Lord, for more than anything else in all the world, I want your sovereign will in my life. And I want you to be able to use me somehow, some way for your glory. Lord, we don't want to hold back any part of who we are, any part of our heart. We want you to have it all to your glory, to your honor, to your praise. Can you say amen? Would you give him another hand clap of praise? Praise God. Hallelujah. You may be seated today. It's that's been one of the best hours I've spent in a long time. And I'm very blessed today. The presence of the Lord just swirling around among us. And we need him. I don't know about you, but I'm going to need him today. I'll need him again tomorrow. Is that how you feel? We want to give God praise. He's been with us this week. We are very thankful to to have Jessica with us and we feel really honored to have been able to go and attend the memorial service for her husband because I'd only met him one time. But we left that place feeling like we knew him. And I've told everybody, Jessica, I've told everybody I'm I could talk to how touched we were. his cousin gave the sermon and it was a beautiful testimony. I appreciated it so much. You know what I appreciated the most? The simple gospel that was presented. Wasn't preachy but it was simple and it was beautiful. The preacher said, the pastor of the church there who was the cousin, he said, "You can have big dreams, big goals, big talents, but if you don't recognize that you have a big God and you've not given him your all, none of the rest of that means anything." Now, can you say amen to that? I did. I did. I couldn't help myself. I had to say amen because it's a truth that the whole world needs to hear. Ain't that right? And then we were so blessed, Sister Sharon, so privileged to be able to share a very special moment in your life. Uh uh as on Thursday of this week, Sister Sharon's daughter, Heather, who lives in Arizona, who I had never met before, I got to meet her and talk to her about uh what baptism is about because the Lord had laid on her heart that she should make that commitment. And uh not only that, it was her desire for me to do it, which was an honor. And I was able to to gather with a few of members of their family and sister Flo who's a part of their family too. And Sister Sharon's mother was even there. She's the oldest person that I've ever baptized. And she was the first person that Benjamin ever helped me baptize. And then he was able to help me baptize Sister Sharon's daughter. So, three generations. And God moved. He moved. his presence was real and it was sovereign and she's gone back to Arizona different because that's what Jesus does. He makes a difference in our lives. So, it's been a busy week because we also got to welcome a brand new little newopian into this world. Vivian Joe Ellsworth. That's J, right? Not J O E J O Vivian Joe Ellsworth who is in church this morning five days old in the presence of the Lord already. She came into this world in the presence of the Lord and um we're just so thankful. We're thankful God moved again once again. He performed a miracle and we're just thankful. Amen. That's right. He's worthy. Like I've said before, it's not my story to tell, but I will tell you this. It could have turned out a whole lot differently than it did. But there's two words that make such a big difference in all of our lives, but God. Just in the nick of time, he moves. And um we're we're thankful for that. And we've already been able to spend time with her. and uh she's already slept on Pap's chest and there's just something pretty special about that for me and I appreciate the Lord blessing uh that little family. I don't know if everyone knows that they they lost a baby in the in in between and had gone all these many years without uh without one and the miracle came and and we're thankful and we won't put him on the spot and ask him if this is the caboose. We'll leave that up to the Lord. and and uh the first week of the first week of life, first few weeks of life, you you really can't get a good answer if you ask because uh the sleep deprivation and all that, you know, is still working on them and and um they might not give the best of the answers that they would give. Today is brother Shaw's birthday. He's the oldest man in our church. I think that's a blessing to be. It's a blessing to be 66. Is that right? To be 66 and be the oldest man. He gets he gets the the I don't know if he feels like it's an honor or not, but he gets to wear the honor because the Lord took our our other senior brothers home and they lived a good long life and we believe that brother Shaw will. He's very liable to be alive in the rapture. I I wouldn't be surprised if he's not kicking around at rapture time, but we want to wish him a very happy birthday today. Amen. been with us a long [Music] time. Tomorrow is is Deborah Botway's birthday of faithful streaming family. We love them in Alberta. May God bless her. And it's also uh Brother Brandham's baby boy's Joseph's uh birthday on the 19th. We always ask that you would pray for them, pray for the family. They certainly need our prayers. And Tuesday the 20th is brother Robert and sister Teresa's wedding anniversary. She's not in here to help you out. How many is this? Maybe 19. Could be 18 behind. Could be 19 behind. It's one or the other. Time flies when you're having fun. It's also a very special day in our family because Tuesday the 20th is Elelliana Jane's first birthday. She's been with us a year. It's hard to believe at times. Seems like we've always had her around and then it seems like that she just came, but you know how that goes as parents and grandparents. So, we're looking forward to celebrating with her. On Wednesday is brother Billy and sister Laurel's wedding anniversary and uh there's that's a bunch of them because you all were born married in 94. Is that right? And so this is what 31 years. We give God the glory for that. Amen. Thursday the 22nd is Sister Girt's birthday and uh she will be 89. And uh would you pray for her? I hope you do. I pray for her every day. In fact, multiple times a day. would you continue to pray for her uh that God would strengthen her and help her and also of course sister Terry uh her strength and the whole family uh because they're taking turns coming to the service and and being with with Sister Gert and she's lived a very long life and she has a big family and there's a big inheritance a big uh legacy that uh that's behind her and we pray for the whole family of course we do and then Friday is sister Laurel's birthday and I'm not dare going there except to say happy birthday sister Laurel. So happy to celebrate your birthday. And then uh on Saturday is brother Bernie Hammermeister's birthday. Long time streamer. I don't know if he's um if he's catching all the archives or not, but uh we will certainly want to wish him a happy birthday. And I also noticed on the calendar that it was would have been brother Cleveland's birthday. I don't believe they have them in heaven, but here on the earth, if he would have stayed here, I'm glad he didn't have to. He would have been 103. He means a whole lot to me. He's the one who who handed me the first tapes that I ever heard. I wouldn't be uh exaggerating to tell you they changed my life, and I always think of him and honor him. Uh, David, um, tell us what what we ought to know about the valley. You were telling me about the valley. It won't take you long. Just tell tell what you were telling me about the valley. Not the valley. Not up sister Sister Cindy's Valley up the road. I I asked brother Shel to sing a song and we were just talking about the meaning of the valley and it's you know it's sometimes hard and but sometimes the valley can be beautiful and that's where the Lord restores you. Amen. You know and I mean it's just this song has been speaking to me a lot and I just really been thinking about it lately. It's not always the enemy. That's that's what he said to me. It's not always the enemy that puts us there in the valley. Thomas knew that, didn't he? He said, "It's in the valley he restoereth my soul." I haven't practiced either, and I'm not sure I'll be able to pull it off like Olivia and Benjamin did without practice, but we're going to try. For David and for me, I told him I'd been there a little bit uh for a few days. It's not a bad place to be. Doesn't feel as exciting as the mountain. When I'm low in spirit, I cry, "Lord, lift me up. I want to go higher with thee, but the Lord knows I can't live on the mountain. Woo! So he picked out a valley for me. And then he leads me beside still waters somewhere in the valley below. Then he draws me aside to be tested. tested and tried. Oh, but in the valley he restoreth my [Music] soul. Well, it's dark as a dungeon and the sun som shines. And I question, Lord, why must this [Music] be? Oh, then he tells me there's strength in my sorrow. And there's victory in trials for me. I want to hear you sing it with me if you would. So he leads me beside still waters. Doesn't he do it somewhere in the valley below? Jesus draws me aside to be tested, tested and tried. But it's in the valley he restoreth my soul. Give me verse one again. When I'm low in spirit, I cry, Lord, lift me up. I want to go higher with [Music] thee. But the Lord knows that I can't live on a mountain. So he picked out a valley for me. That sounds like love to me, doesn't it, you? And then he leads me beside still waters. Glory. somewhere in the valley below. Then he draws me aside to be tested, tested and tried. But in the valley he restoreth my soul. I don't know when I'll ever sing it again. So I'll do this verse again. It's dark as a [Music] dungeon and the sun som shines. And I question, Lord, why must this be? Oh, but he tells me there is strength in my sorrow and there's victory in trials for me. Let's stand and sing it before we go to the word. So he leads me beside still waters somewhere in the valley below. Then he draws me aside. Thank you papa to be tested. Tested and tried. But in the valley he restoreth my soul. He draws me aside to be tested. Tested and tried. But it's in the valley. He restoreth my [Music] soul. Do you believe that? [Applause] Sometimes we have to have them. And he restores us, breathes on us, anoints our head with oil. Come on. Amen. Gives us green pa pastures. Uh the green pastures where the sheep are grazing. They're not on the top of the mountain. They're down in the valley. I love this. I love the 23rd Psalm. It's not just children's play. It's meaty, isn't it? The Lord is my shepherd. What's the next phrase? I shall not want. How will you not want? Because the Lord is your shepherd. You just keep going back to the first phrase all the way through it. Because the Lord is my shepherd, he'll restore my soul even in the valley. That is the goodness of God. Amen. Amen. Uh we want to thank the Lord for these musicians. They've just done an outstanding job. Amen. Uh let's go this morning to the word of God. I want us to turn. If you have your Bible, it's always good to read it for yourself. I've got to find where I want to go. Proverbs chapter 26 and verse 20 through 22. If you would continue to pray for me this week, I would greatly appreciate it. I had an appointment with the eye doctor on Friday and uh he is sending me to a specialist uh for my left eye. He told me uh I'm glad you give me a lot of good news. He told me that uh on one side of my eye the my vision has improved and uh at your age that doesn't generally happen. Well, that was good to hear. And then he told me that uh I had nerves in one part of the sheath of my eye that looked like a teenager. And I didn't know if that was true or flattery. I wasn't real sure about that. He is a very uh direct little fellow. I hope he never hears this. He is quite nerdy. That's why I go to him because I trust him. He is very thorough and uh I'm hoping that he is thorough to a fault this time. But anyway, he's sending me to a cornea specialist because there's a spot on my left eye that was three years ago. It was uh clear and a little looked like a little gel in it or something. He's not sure exactly what it is, but now there is some pigmentation in it. There's a there's coloration in it and that has concerned him. So, he's sending me to a specialist for a biopsy to check for malignancy in my left eye. Well, I don't believe that, but I suppose I ought to at least go see what they have to say. Um, I doubt very seriously where I'm going to let them put a needle in my eyeball anyway. Uh, that doesn't sound too exciting, does it? But God knows. The main thing, the reason why I'm telling you is that you would pray uh pray against the enemy and pray for the perfect word of God to be manifested. And you know, it doesn't matter what it is. It it could be that God will just let it go and when they when they put the microscope on it next time, it could be that it won't even be there. That would be my prayer. Thank you for for praying for us that God will give us that peace that passes all understanding and we can get that looked at and be done with it. Proverbs 26 verses 20 through 22. Where no wood is there the fire goeth out. May I ask you if you have experienced that anytime you've had a fire, a camp fire or a trash fire or whatever kind of fire it was, a weenie fire, a marshmallow fire, whatever you call them, uh if you don't feed the thing, it goes out. There are times that you want the fire to stay ever burning. Amen. And so in order for it to stay ever burning, you got to keep feeding fuel to it. It consumes whatever wood you put in or trash or whatever it is. There are times that the fire needs to go out. And we need to be able to recognize a fire that is not of God. And we need to starve it uh from any fuel. We would not feed it. We wouldn't poke it and stoke it and uh use the bellows on it. Hot air, right? leave our hot air off of it so that it will die out. Where no wood is, there the fire goeth out. So where there is no tailbearer, the strife ceaseth because there's no fuel. If you won't don't run and tell it, it'll soon be as though it never existed. Are you with me? The strife ceaseth. As coals are to to burning coals and wood to fire, so is a contentious man to kindle strive. And may we say a a woman can also be contentious and she can kindle strive. And he and she can keep putting wood on a fire that needs to go out. The words of a tailbearer are as wounds and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly. I find that last verse to be a fascinating verse. Father, we are here today believing that you are working on our testimony. Uh sometimes it pinches us and sometimes it convicts us and sometimes we feel a little shame. We have to pray back through that because it is not your desire to heap condemnation on us or shame or guilt. It is your desire to set us free from all of those things. But Lord, it's peaceful to know that you're working on us and that you are sovereign. We pray today in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ that you will direct our thoughts and our hearts as we approach your word today and we will give you glory, honor, and praise for it's in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Yeshua, our Messiah, that we pray. And the saint said, "Amen." You may be seated. Stay with me if you possibly can. I'd like to read those verses in the amplified and not generally most of the time I like to give the amplified at times when I believe that uh some of the words are a little hard to understand in uh modern English. This time I'm giving the amplified because it appears that the translators have put the Hebrew word in the wrong form. Now this happens and we can always say that it's still inherent. It's the word of God. There's a reason for it and it is appropriate in fact because these kinds of situations can be wounds. Is that right? Uh, that is the noun form of the word and no other translation that I know of uses the noun, excuse me, the verb form. That's the verb form. No other translation that I know of uses the verb form because this is a noun in the sentence. But for some reason it was that they took the other form of the same Hebrew word and it reads as a wound. So I want you to hear it in the amplified and then I'm going to show you the word so that you can fully understand this verse of scripture. I want to understand it for myself. The scripture said in amplified verse 20, for lack of wood, the fire goes out. And where there is no whisperer instead of tailbearer, that's what a tail bearer is. You don't usually take the microphone and be a tail bearer. You usually do that in covert ways, quiet ways. That can really give you a complex. If you walk in a room and everybody's and looking in your direction, why anybody would almost assume that they're the one being about, right? So, uh, a tailbearer is usually someone who whispers these things. Where there is no whisperer, contention ceases. May I just summarize that to say if we would be less likely to carry a tale about one of our brothers and sisters in the faith. We would live a much more peaceful life. church and fellowship meetings and lunches and birthday parties and uh whatever else we're celebrating would be a more peaceful, less nerve-wracking uh anxious sort of atmosphere. Uh it would no longer be quite as contentious among us because we would know that our brothers and sisters have our best interest. We wouldn't ask you to look above our faults or to pretend as though we have none. Why? We're not even that fooled. But we would appreciate it. I would appreciate it and I know others would appreciate it if we could come to a place where we would not feel the need to keep adding fire to something that happens among us. You see, we're such a small church and and such a family church and we have so many relatives also in the church. Uh uh you know, it's either by blood or by uh uh outlawin-law relationship. You understand? And so even a family matter can become a big matter, a contentious matter in a body like ours. Can you say amen? Amen. As so that we walk into a room and you feel the tension and you feel the tightness or maybe someone sings a song and you feel the tightness or they give a little testimony and you feel that tightness. Normally that comes because uh someone has been whispering. Facts are facts and people are people and they're just strange. You know, that's what I've learned about people. People are just odd. And if we were all the same, it would be a boring world. We'd have to find something creatively to say about somebody if we were all just alike. And the reality is most of us wish that everybody was like us. But our pastor doesn't hope that we are supposed to be individuals and we're supposed to have our own personalities. You don't have to like the same kind of pie that somebody else likes. And I know there's some who have particular uh fondness of certain colors. And some people have uh a certain apprehension about wearing certain colors or driving a car of a certain color. and uh and and uh you know, everybody is not going to be the same. Brother Brandham said we're just like flowers in a garden. We're not all the same. God has an order. We ought to respect that order. We should respect the order of the Lord. But we should not try to cause others to dislike what we dislike or like what we like. Even in gospel music, some people have different styles and tastes. And uh like I've told you before, you better get all of that out of you here because I'm quite sure that the music in heaven is going to be southern gospel. So go ahead and listen to the other genres here because you're probably going to ha have to hear four-part harmony throughout all eternity with the lowest down bass singer and the highest tenor singer you can imagine. We know that's not how it is. We're kidding. Make sure you know that on the stream. We're kidding. I don't think we're all going to only sing hymns from the 1950s, though. I believe God's still inspiring songs and and even if I don't like a particular song, it's usually because I'm identifying the song with who sings it. Sometimes I don't even know who wrote it, but I know who sings it. And I may not particularly like that singer, or they may have excessively long hair as a man or shorter hair as a woman, and I don't like that. So, I might somehow uh uh unintentionally judge a song by who's singing it. That's not right. We don't want to be that kind of people, do we? We don't want to be the kind of people that uh spend all of our fellowship talking bad about somebody else. There are times that we have to discuss situations that are caused because of folks and their various opinions and ways of doing things. But you and I ought to be a people that try to keep as much wood off the pile as possible so that the fire will quickly burn out. We are looking at the forms, the faces of manipulation. This is above all else part 26. We're working on part four of how manipulation and offense work together. And we're working on part three of the many faces of control or manipulation. And we've made it through. If you want to see the list, number one, guilt tripping. We've covered that. Using guilt to cause someone to do what you want them to do, trying to make them feel guilty for what you've done for them. If you do something because you're looking long-term, I might be able to have more control in their life. You're just a witch. Can I just tell you that that is witchcraft? The Bible said so. We're not supposed to try to do something for somebody to gain some favor so that we can then get them to do how we want them to do. Uh, it's worse than bribery. It's subtle manipulation, which is really casting a spell or bewitching someone to do something that you want them to do. And you're thinking way ahead, I'm going to need now such and such a date is coming up and I'm going to need them to do so and so, so let me butter them up real good now so that when that day comes, they'll be more likely to blah blah blah or whatever whatever the situation is. Uh, don't do that. If you're going to do something for somebody, do it out of a heart of love. Amen. No, no. Uh, you know, no strings attached and no hope for later manipulation. Just do it because you love to see the look on their face. How many of you like to see somebody happy with what you do for them or what you give them? And I I had so many beautiful things given to me for my birthday. Sweet things, thoughtful things. I think the cards this year meant more to me. I guess I'm old, getting older. Uh I I think what people wrote in the cards meant more to me this year than it ever has before. And little little thoughts. Sister, one one sister, let me just say it that way. One sister gave me a little something about for such a time as this. and and I'd never had that little slogan on a a little plaque or anything before. And it meant so much to me. And one brother had a special card made for me that that uh played the song that I mentioned sometime, God leads his dear children along. Because I'd mention how that in a dark dark time in my life on the porch in a rocking chair, I would sing that song and God would use it to lift my spirit. So, I've kept that card close to me. I've had to open it up a time or two already this week, hearing the tune again. So, things really meant, but I don't believe that anybody gave me anything because they hope to control me later if you did. The joke is on you because this the way things are leaving me fast these days. I may not even remember next week what you give me. So anyway, we don't want to you I've seen it in families. I I've even seen parents be better to one child than another child. Not because they just wanted to favor this child, but because they wanted to get at. They're sending a subtle message over here to this child by doing something more. What's going to happen when this child wakes up and realizes that you're just using them like a pawn to send a message to child B? Don't tell me that these things don't go on because I've watched them happen in everyday life. Silent treatment. Uh I told little Aiana when she first came in my office today, we're just talking to her and she's looking and but she's not answering and she's not responding and she starts down the hall and I hollered after her. Hope she don't know what I said, but I hollered after her. I said, "You know the silent treatment is manipulation, Aiana." She wasn't trying to manipulate pap pastor. She was she just wasn't going to talk. She just had nothing to say at the moment. Which uh parents can get pretty excited about that on occasion when they don't want when they're when they finally are stopped babbling. But anyway, silent treatment, false humility, and this martyr complex, you know, oh, I just been you just don't understand. And then reverse psychology. We talked about it Tuesday night. how that people will get you to uh to say things or choose things because really it's what they want and so they do it in this very odd way. I I'm probably not talking about trying to get somebody to go to the restaurant that you want to go to. I'm talking about more serious forms of meddling in people's lives than that. And God is cleaning up. He's cleaning up some things in us. Amen. So today we're looking at triangulation. Triangulation is bringing in third parties to apply pressure. We used to call that ganging up on someone. How many of you have ever been ganged up on? I don't mean an intervention. I I mean just everybody. Everybody at one time. How many of you know that can be quite overwhelming? So this scripture tells us in the amplified as coals are to hot embers and as wood to fire so is a quarrelome man to inflame strife. This word is translated here quarrelome. It means someone who likes to argue. We say argumentative. Let me see if you've ever known anybody, fellowship with anybody, been canned to anybody that was under an argumentative spirit. I have. We've had leaders in our church who were under that argumentative spirit. They were just looking for strife to stir a little bit, very carefully, sort of under radar, nonetheless adding wood to the fire. God is not pleased with that. Amen. Brother Greley's never been guilty of that kind of don't don't dare think that I'm here talking about him. He may not be as sweet as he used to be, but he definitely does not stir strife. What I ought to say is he may not look quite as young as he used to look. He still looks pretty young, but it's never been his position. I'm calling his name because I said the word leader and I don't want you to mistake what I'm saying. The words of a whisperer or a slanderer are like, now here's where we get the right form of the word. They are like dainty morsels or words of sport to some but to others are like deadly wounds. Now here's what you need to understand about the amplified. What I appreciate about it is in situations where a word has two forms, both definitions are in the brackets. They want you to know that the word could have been translated one way. Here is another way. They're not saying that, but instead they're giving you both implications of the word, both wounds and something else. I'll show it to you in just a moment. They're like dainty morsels. What do you think about? Give me some uh example of a dainty morsel. When you think of a dainty morsel, what do you think about? I didn't think you were dainty morsel people. Well, I'll tell you what I think about. What? What did you say? Yes. a little petty for uh which is a a starving man's uh grump. You know, when someone puts you're going to have dessert and they bring out one little pett on a doily paper doily on a little dish and that little thing is sitting there like that and you're thinking, uh, I need about 30 more of these to make up a When I think of Danny Marcel, I think of Turkish delight. And I do that because of the Narnia books and how wasn't it Edmund who had a he had a particular fondness of Turkish delights and they're little jelly like fruit jelly like treats from the really from the Middle East. That's where it originates the area of Turkey. And they're layered and they're usually covered in something like a powdered sugar, but it's almost like a glaze so that you you a glaze and then the sugar on top you pick it up. I like them, but it's not something I crave. I don't think one day in my life I've ever woke up and said, "My I want a petty for or I think today I'd like to have Turkish delight." But anyway, uh he was so fond of Turkish delight that he was willing to sell his soul almost to the deception of the witch because she was able to provide those little morsels, those little dainty morsels. And so I like the way this is translated. The words of a whisperer or slanderer are like little dainty morsels to some, but to others like deadly wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the body. I never could understand why the wound was associated with something going down into the innermost part of the body, but now I do. It's just a different form of the word. They go down into the innermost parts of the body or of the victim's nature. These things can change personalities and change characteristics if we're not careful. You can really mess somebody up emotionally by continuing to fuel the fire. Yes, I hesitate to mention that it happened in our community. There were some terrible things that came out some time back about our mayor and they were vile things. They were awful things. They were definitely unnatural and perverted things. But it was his private life. I would never justify his sin, my sin, or anyone else's sin. But a community that had once sung his praise overnight because of some poor journalism, his name was ruined. His life ruined. I don't know if you know this or not, but the news agency that brought these things to the light, it exists no more. And those who are involved are uh in in spreading that kind of stuff are are facing quite a few charges and will be tried in a court of law for the way they pedled these things. No no crime particularly involved just hints of of of criminal activity. I I couldn't help. No one despises that kind of wrong more than I. But I I couldn't help but feel sad that he went from being such a well-known, well-loved, wellthought of person who did so many things for the community and he ended his life over there on the highway because he felt like there would be no way to come back from that kind of a thing. So that is what this verse is saying to me. Some people get such delight like little morsels of of of candy when they stir these contentious words that can become deep wounds. But to others, they they're wounds and they go way down in their inner being and and force them to feel hopeless. I'm telling you, church, we've got to be careful about uh triangulation, about involving other people, about pulling other people into our opinion against somebody's behavior. We've got to be clean before the Lord. The only ones who will be able to ascend the holy hill of the Lord are those who have a pure heart and clean hands. And if we're responsible for helping assassinate somebody's character by adding wood to the fire with speculation, especially that causes suspicion, God's going to hold us accountable because believers are going to be evaluated by every word that comes out of their mouth. This is why Jesus tells us, "Let your yes be yes and your no be no and then you won't be guilty of profanity, words that are vain and have little meaning." Show me that word if you would translated in in the King James as wounds. Also uh uh used here as an alternative translation in the amplified. Uh the word is lam and it means to swallow [Music] greedily as a passive noun. It means something gulped. To swallow greedily, something to be gulped. It is used to describe gossip as something that most people will swallow whole and be permeated by it. You see, the King James translators chose the verb form, which is a wound like a gash or a cut or or bursted tissue is one of the words that is used in the explanation of uh wound. But probably they should have chosen it's the same word but they probably should have chosen uh this noun form that that is talking about uh something to be swallowed or or gulped gossip. How many of you know there are people who thrive on hearing? I believe they call it now tea. I like tea, especially iced tea. I wish you wouldn't use tea. They say, "Do you have any tea for me?" And you go to the fridge or to the cabinet. But what they mean is, "You got any gossip?" News. Christians only use news, right? H Have you got any dirt, any mud? That's what we used to say. You You can clean it up. You can call it what you want to, but it ought not to be as prevalent as it is among believers. And some people just gulp it up. If they can get in a conversation where people are being shredded, they just thrive. I find myself sometime having to separate myself uh from the atmosphere simply because I can always add my two cents. You see, I know more about things than some people do. And sometimes if you're not careful, you you'll get caught up. You might even instigate. Maybe it's time for us to just pull ourselves away if necessary so that we don't become guilty of of giving these little dainty morsels to people who are greedy, who thrive on being able to swallow up something negative, something bad, something odd about someone else. If that's where we get our validation or our uh happy feeling, then something is terribly wrong in our own life. I'm waiting on your amen. That word is used the same way in Proverbs 18:8. Let's look at it. I have to move on. The words of a tailbearer are as wounds and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly. Doesn't that sound just like the verse that I read ahead of time? It doesn't. It bared repeating. It was mentioned again. And in the amplified, it means the words of a whisperer or tailbearer are as dainty morsels. They go down into the innermost parts of the body. Do you know what that means? It means they affect the soul. The soul is the mind and the will and the emotion. In a healthy believer, the regenerated spirit is feeding life to the soul and to the body. But in a a human where things are out of order and where the soul is getting more food than the spirit man, the the regenerated spirit man feeds only on the word. Anybody here? And so if you are uh feeding on other things, of course we need moderation in everything. You know, moderation for YouTube. Don't give up an a television addiction for YouTube addiction. Hello. Moderation. Because whatever you receive through these gates of our body, we it goes right into the soul which is the mind and the will and the emotion. And depending on whether you are stronger in your spirit or your soul, you have to reverse that for for folks around the message. So put that most of them majority of them have it in the other order. So you kind of have to reverse that for them. But in the order that it is mentioned in scripture, uh it's soul in the middle, mind, will and emotions. Everything that we see and hear and taste and feel, it goes into the flesh and from there filters into the soul. If the soul is being fed more than the spirit is being fed, the soul rules. And we live based on our own mind, our own will, our own emotions, while our spirit man shrinks. But if you're feasting, if you're feeding the inner spirit on the word of God, it's getting stronger and stronger. We often use the analogy of a stickman, which is about the only man I can draw, and a sumo wrestler. Who knows what a sumo wrestler looks like? Don't say me because they don't make diapers in my size. But moving right along, you see this huge man, bun on his head, like a bone in his hair, big belly. And don't let that big belly fool you because he can he can throw down an opponent, can't he? Uh that little old stick man, he's not even good enough, strong enough to hold up his own hat. He's just one line and two little sticks and for for arms and two little sticks for leg. I want you to know that some of us are walking around with a soul that looks like a sumo wrestler and a spirit man that looks like a stick man. I'm going to wait on you to say amen. Because we're feeding this sumo wrestler with all the stuff out there. All the stuff. Our mind is overstimulated by stuff. Our will is getting more stubborn because of stuff that we take in. And our emotions are getting more unnatural and uncontrollable because the soul is getting fat. If we can turn that thing around and begin to feed the spirit man, worship music, the word of God, the messages of the prophet, uh going back over a service at church, reading your Bible, hearing the devotion, doing whatever it is to feed the spirit man, then the stick man that's in our spirit, he begins to grow up and he begins to get stronger. And what happens automatically [Music] is the soul gets smaller. Mind, will and emotions get lessened. And we start living out of the spirit. I know that I may be taking a long time with this, but I think you should hear it because I don't want to offend you, but I want to tell you that that some of you are are uh quite fat in your emotions. Your mind, your will, your emotions are getting the most nourishment and the spirit man is shrinking and then you you want prayer because you're struggling. We all struggle, but sometimes our struggle, Jonathan, is simply because we're feeding the wrong part of who we are. It's also possible to feed the flesh more than we feed the soul and the spirit. you know, spending everything we have on on manicure and pedicure and uh Botox. Eyelashes have to be curled just right and and eyebrows have to be uh uh glued on or painted on and and and and eyelashes glued on and fingernails glued on. Man, one woman told me a couple years ago, I even Brother Brandham said, "If you don't have fingernails, you can get you some." I said, "Do you know anybody that doesn't have any fingernails?" She said, "Well, no. I've never met anybody." I said, "Neither have I. He certainly didn't mean if you don't have cat claws, go get you some cat claws glued on." It's possible to feed the flesh to make that the stronger part of who you are. Pampering ourselves. It's all right to take care of ourselves. Uh you should especially in the areas of deodorant and shampoo and soap and these are good things to have. Pamper your flesh. Please, by all means, I I give you permission. Pamper your flesh in that regard. But don't let your driving focus become propping this old body up. It's going to fail you. It's going to deteriorate. It's part of God's plan. It's shrinking away. Hallelujah. How could you be excited about that? Because it has to give way to another body that's already mine. It's already mine. This one has to give way. So whatever part of the tripartate man you feed the most is the one that's going to rule the roost. And if you're spending your time putting wood on the fire of gossip and contention and criticism, the soul is thriving and the spirit man is crying out for help. Feed that spirit man. Don't carry tails. Did you hear? That's how it start. Did you hear? Did you see? Did you know? Boldly refuse to be drawn in to someone's offense with someone else. He sure offended me. She sure hurt my feelings. The reality is this. We all have feelings. They all get hurt. Don't you want to just make up your mind that by the next time you see that person, you've already let it go. Clean slate. Some folks are waiting. Look this way. Some of you are waiting on apologies that will never come. They're never going to come for whatever reason. They're never going to come. Don't you live your life below your mean below spiritual potential because you're waiting on someone to apologize and and then you're going to have those aggravating ones who apologize for everything and therefore you never can really have full confidence in the apology because they use I'm sorry like some preachers use amen when they're preaching. Don't don't don't throw that away. Don't don't apologize so often that it means nothing when it's necessary and needed. Have a little confidence. Be careful how you fall into this need to pull somebody else into your stuff. Is anybody listening? I want to give you the definition of triangulation and psychology. Well, I didn't come here to hear psychology. No, but I've had to look at it because of some of you sometimes. I looked to God's word to try to figure you out. I couldn't find you. So, sometime I had to figure, Lord, what in the world is making this person do what they're to do? And but I know the highest order of truth is God's word always. When I started defining triangulation, this was what I what I come up with. And I thought better. I thought maybe I better not do it like this. Somebody will. But you know anyway, triangulation is a term in psychology most closely associated with the work of Murray Bowen. Uh and that is a specialist in family therapy. And I'll tell you sometimes that could be helpful. Bowen considered a twoperson emotional system to be unstable. He also observed that two people seem emotionally closer. Are you cheating? When excluding a third party, this is why some people thrive on triangles because they feel closer to the person that they're with at the moment. by excluding or criticizing the third angle, the third person in the triangle. Relationships are not made to be triangles. The only couple is not a man and a wife. friends. Two friends can make a couple in the sense that they support one another emotionally and spiritually. It's all right to have a good friend. It's all right to think of all of your friends as best friends. Or none of them as best friends. I don't think you heard me. It's okay if you want to call every one of your friends best friends, but be careful about calling everybody your best friend. Be careful about that. But also be careful about using the term best friend to exclude someone else. Well, what am I? Chopped liver. This happens. Happens in every group. Happens here. Happens in every church. I would just like to have everybody as a best friend for whatever that means rather than to constantly tell who my best friend is or post who my best friend is. Just have a lot of besties. Right. Of course, Estie is my bestie, but you know what I mean. Have as many as you can. And don't use your relationship with one friend to belittle. Stay out of the triangle. Have more in your life than that. Did you follow me? Amen. Bowen therefore theorized that under stress couples gravitate toward third parties to create triangles with two of the members always being closest. Although which two are in and which member is out may be constantly. It is good because it's life and we see it happening around us. And if you're depending on your triangle for value, you're going to greatly suffer when you end up being occasionally the odd man out. I know you're saying right. Are you hearing what I'm saying? Nobody wants to be the odd man out. But if we could all think of each other as true blue, bloodbought believers, friends, brothers, sisters. That's why I won't reject those titles, brother, sister. It's important to remember that you and I may not share the last name, but there's a bond that makes us closer in spiritual terms than if we wore the same last name. You understand? Our validation and our value is it shouldn't be found in community only. It should be found in the reality of who we are because of who he is. Amen. Amen. We we shouldn't need someone to constantly tell us how amazing we are. Our truth is what God says about us because remember they can be crying hosana. Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord one weekend and the next weekend they can be crying crucify him. Amen. Same friends. Woo. Hugging your neck one week and giving you the betrayal kiss the next week. Don't have to have somebody else to go on for him. Build as many relationships as you possibly can. And don't be the kind of person if you can't control the relationship, you sabotage it. Find your place. Realize there's give and take among friends just like there's give and take among couples, husbands and wives. My that's good. In family triangulation system, the third person can either be used as a substitute for direct communication or can be used as a messenger to carry the communication to the main party. This causes more problems in families nearly than anything I know of. Using a a child, a teenager, even an adult son or daughter, as a third party of a conflict between mom and dad, husband and wife, can you tell your mother, can you tell your father for me? It's not right to need our children to be on one side or the other. How many sides are there supposed to be in a family in a marriage? One side. I see it so often whispering going on about the party who's not there, the dad not there. So the the mother and the children communicate vice versa. Mom, not there. Listen folks, that doesn't build strength. Triangulating, bringing other people in on your conflict, on your hurt, on your wound. It may feel good at the moment. It may be a temporary uh high, but in reality, it it just breeds confusion. Usually, this communication is an express dissatisfaction with the main party. your mother. It's quiet. The reason that this occurs is that both parties are dysfunctional. Let's say amen that rather than communicating directly with each other, they utilize a third party. Sometimes this is because it's unsafe to go directly to the person and discuss the concerns, particularly if they are alcoholic and or abusive. There are times that a mediator is necessary for the safety of those involved. That's not what we're talking about today. Are you with me? Now, this is how this kind of triangulation works. It pulls in third parties to gain emotional leverage, sympathy, or support in a conflict. Sometimes a wife will get her mother involved with a problem she has with her husband. Bad, bad idea. because he's going to bring you a flower. You're going to forgive him. Yeah. You're going to lay down beside him that night, peck him on the jaw, and you're going to go on. Mother, however, she's going to boil. I knew he was sorry. I warned my daughter. I knew he wasn't worth having. I knew he come from the wrong kind of family. She's going to stew. There are times when it's important to leave our our our parents out. Because we can forget, forgive, love on. They can't always do that. Right. Hello. We can say dad. We can change this thing around in so many different ways. I'm hoping that you're getting the point. Siblings the same way. You can call sister on her blood sister, brother. Complain about the companion. And you go on forgive, forget, and build on and love on, move on. And and at Thanksgiving, all of a sudden the dirt comes out. and you're wondering why your brother-in-law, why your sister-in-law has such a problem with you. You can't imagine why. And it's because your honey has been flapping this trap or she's been complaining to other members of her family. It's hard to forgive when you've already got a little wound in there. Amen. Triangulation is not generally a good idea. It pulls in third parties to gain emotional leverage, sympathy, or support in a conflict. It's about building an alliance, swaying perception, and cornering the other person with opinions, sympathy, or shame. It turns personal conflict into public spectacle. It's not a good idea. Let me give you some examples of what it sounds like in phraseology. Other people agree with [Music] me. You know, that's a nicer way of saying you're so dumb. You don't see the truth. But brother Shelly does. Your children see it. Your neighbor sees it. Your coworker see it. Your boss sees it. Hello. Are you hearing me? Even so and so noticed what you did. I saw the way they were looking at you when you acted like that and said that stupid thing you said. I'm sure that others feel the same way about you. It's not just me. There are plenty of others. People are saying that you were the one that was wrong. Now you're telling me I'm the one that's wrong, but I've been hearing that others are say, "Well, who?" Well, you know, sister so and so, brother so and so. Hello. You know what? There are certain times that I don't care how quiet it gets as long as you're listening. Other times I really need your loudness. This is one of those times where it just be all right if you had to scream, "Oh me." Because the reality is we could just about all say, "Oh me." Because we've done this in the heat of a moment to feel better about our side. But remember, this isn't the north against the south. This is a passing disagreement. Tomorrow it may not matter. One phone call could shift the whole atmosphere and it wouldn't matter. You get a phone call, your son has been killed in a in an accident doing a sport that he enjoyed doing so much. and and the problem that you have with your wife, the problem you have with your husband, the problem you have with your parent in that moment, it means nothing because now you're all focusing on tragedy and loss and common pain. Come on. These things don't need to go over into the next day. We need to leave them where they are. God wants us to be clean of all manipulation, not controlling one another. Uh the last one I just think it's interesting that even so and so you know how dense so and so is they never notice anything but even they noticed how you were treating me. Even they noticed what you were saying to me. Even they noticed how you peeled out of the parking lot. It creates a false consensus to add weight to the manipulator's position. I have to tell people all the time, please don't quote me. It's not because I'm ashamed of what I've said. Not usually. It's simply because why build to someone's resentment? Why feed someone's resentment that they already may have toward a leader? Some people just have leader problems. Some people just have authority issues. And you go tell them, "I agree with you." And they don't just hear that I agree with you. They hear that I'm mad at them. And then I have to try to minister to that kind of a person. So triangulation using me and your family arguments is not the best idea. When your teenager is doing something you don't think they ought to do, you establish your rules. use me sparingly because if they totally resent my stand, I won't be able to teach them anything. They'll sit consumed with their own bitterness. The saint said, "Amen." What causes this kind of what? No. What does this kind of behavior cause? Division in the body, division in the family. It sws division and suspicion, creating sides. Read the rest out loud. Where none should exist? Gossip, disguise, oh, as concern. Have you Have you ever seen the disappointed look on certain people's face when you tell them, "Well, I didn't ask." What? You didn't ask. What do you mean you didn't ask? I want to know. You know what you can tell them? Then you ask. It obviously didn't mean as much to me as it does to you. You've got a smartphone. Text them. Ask them. Find out. Hello. Emotional ganging up instead of reconciliation undermines healthy relationships through gossip and back channel influence. I've participated in this before. I'm ashamed that I have. I've repented that I have. And I want you to be able to recognize if you also need to say, "Lord, help me." A false witness that turns hearts away from truth and unity. That's what this kind of triangulation does. It fuels conflict like wood feeds a fire. When the tailbearer, the one spreading info to a third party, stops, the conflict dies. If you quit passing the stuff around, what it does spiritually, it creates alliances, some of which are truly unholy alliances, rather than addressing and resolving problems. Triangulation seeks control and through numbers and sympathy. Everything is not a democracy. Everything is not a vote. Are you with me? Proverbs 16:28. We've used this before. A fro man seth strife and a whisperer separateth chief friends. Leave others out of your conflict if you possibly can. You do have a spiritual leader. If you need help, wear him out. But don't pull other believers in. It's dangerous. in Matthew chap 18 15- 17 and and and I'm not too far from being done with this portion. Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone. If he shall hear thee, just the two of you, you've gained your brother. Sometimes that doesn't turn out the way we want it to turn out, does it? It becomes all guns on us. But if he will not hear you, then take with thee one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses, every word may be established. This is Jesus. This is red letter. He's not encouraging us to triangulate. He's encouraging us to try to bring a resolution to the situation. And if he shall neglect to hear them tell it unto the church, and of course you, you know, can't just stand up and oh my, how many of you were here some years ago when a dear struggling person many years ago, Hallelujah, before I was married, praise the Lord. when a dear struggling sister stood up in the middle of a service and screamed at the top of her lungs, "I'm in love with Brother Shelley." There was only one problem with that. Her husband was sitting next to her on the pew. This is not the way to handle those kinds of things. I was never more unaware. I now knew something that I didn't know. And that gave me great wisdom to stay away as far away as I possibly could. I've been where these confession services were going on where people were standing up and telling on one another. I don't think that's what Jesus was talking about. I think he was telling us it's better not to take these things into our own hands. There's a right and a wrong way to do it. If he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto the church. But if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as a heathen man and a publican. He's no longer your brother if he can't take correction. The Amplified says it like this. If your brother wrongs you, go and show him his fault between you and him privately, not telling someone else first. If he listens to you, you've won back your brother. But if he does not listen, take along with you one or two others so that they so that every word may be confirmed. And really that's not supposed to be just people who agree with you. It should sort of be nonbiased folk. Wouldn't you agree? So that every word may be confirmed and upheld by the testimony of two or three witnesses. If he pays no attention to them, refusing to listen and obey, then you tell it to the church. And if he refuses to listen even to the church, let him be to you as a pagan and a tax collector. And we all know what we think about tax collectors. Amen. Jesus is teaching direct communication as a way of building relationships, not third party involvement. Triangulation violates this by spreading offense. hurt, wrong opinion, and it never leads to reconciliation. How many of you believe that the ultimate goal in every godly relationship should be reconciliation? If at all possible, that would be our desire. Are you can you have another scripture? James chapter 3, New Testament, verses 14- 16. But if you have bitter envying and strife in your hearts, glory not and lie not against the truth. This wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly and sensual and devilish. For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work. You need to be aware that there are some people who are in their dysfunction. They thrive where confusion is. They starve when there's no problem, when there's no conflict. You've got to be very careful with those kinds of people because not only will they be magnetized to a situation where confusion is, when there is none, they have a tendency to create it. That's not the kind of person you want to put on your party list. I'm being honest. That's not the kind of person that you want to go out of your way to include in your everyday life. And some of us can't do much about it because we're related to them. So, we have to use a lot of wisdom and we have to be careful what we tell them, what we say in front of them because you may think you're sharing something in quiet confidence and you may find out that it's about to make the morning newspaper because some people need that. I know of some situations as I mentioned earlier where wives have said some things to their mothers, to their parents about their husband. Things that by the end of the day they would have never said. Things that by a few hours later they would have never said, but they will forever haunt that mother or that father. You want to be careful with that kind of support. That's not really support. Everybody wants their parents to agree with them. Amen. But what if it means that you're going to twist them, influence them against your family? That's not a good idea. In the Amplified it says, "But if you have bitter jealousy, envy, contention, rivalry, selfish ambition in your hearts, do not pride yourselves on it, and thus be in defiance of and false to the truth." This superficial wisdom is not such as comes down from above, but is earthly, unspiritual, animal. It's beastlike, even devilish, demoniacal. That's pretty serious. For wherever there is jealousy, envy and contention, rivalry, and selfish ambition, there will also be what? Confusion, unrest, disharmony, rebellion. I believe there's people in here who can relate to this. And all sorts of evil and vile practices. Triangulation creates strife and confusion, opening the door for every other evil work. A powerful tie-in to manipulation. and witchcraft. Proverbs 11:13, "A tailbearer revealth secrets, but he that is of a faithful spirit." Now, some people think that's what they're doing when they live in secrecy. I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that on purpose. I don't want to build that kind of curiosity in somebody. I did that this week and I I didn't mean to. I didn't know I was I really didn't think anything about it. But I had made the statement, I have a baptism. I'm going to be baptizing someone in a certain time. Now, there are times that things are confidential and they're none of our business. But but I didn't mean that I was trying to hold that information and somebody said, "Is it okay for me to ask? Is is that a a private thing?" No, it it it's not. I didn't mean to to not I wasn't trying to conceal something. I was just making a point. I'd be busy at a certain time. Sometimes we create sort of a mistrust by how we handle a situation and we do it on purpose. Many times there are some people who want to tell you so bad they can taste it, but they want you to ask, "Oh, get out of my head, names." They want you to ask. They'll say things like this. "We're we're having we're having company for dinner Friday. We're having company for dinner Wednesday. We're going out of town with some with some folks uh o over over the weekend. Some ju just just some folks. You have a decision to make. How much do you care? Well, I have to tell you this. The way you said it makes me care. I didn't care. It didn't matter to me till you dangled it like a carrot in my face. You manipulator. Oh, somebody's hearing me now. You you you you could have just said, "I'm having the Hodgeges over." I like the Hodgeges. I think it's a good idea for you to have them over. I don't think it has to be a secret. If you think my feelings are hurt because you had them and didn't have me, you are so wrong. I like my chair. I love fellowship. But I like my home. I like my chair. I' I've realized I'm a grown man. I don't have to go because the family goes somewhere. I can stay home in the quiet. We had some extra kids this week and they were they were lovely kids, but I couldn't hardly wait for just a few hours in my chair. Nobody. You understand? Don't Do you know that's stirring? Did you know that's stirring something? If it's a secret, keep it a secret. Don't mention it. Amen. If it needs to be a secret, if there's some reason why you're going to be uh, you know, endangering national security to tell me who's eating with you, don't tell me. I don't want to know. I don't want the Russians to find out. Well, if you fire me, I'm going to look for another job. Folks, do that. Bait you, lead you, make up your mind. You're going to quit feeding folk like that. Don't even ask. You know what'll happen? Before long, they'll start telling you everything. Once they find out, you you're not even going to bother to ask. Folks, this that's kind of like children's play, isn't it? You see, a faithful person protects the integrity of direct communication. A triangulator spreads private matters to gain advantage or personal affirmation. Lord, help us. Sometimes we make a big tod do where there's no big to-d do. Psalm 1015. I'm nearly done. Who? You. You already said that. I am. I meant it both times. Who so privilege slandereth his neighbor, him will I? Him that hath a high look and a proud heart will not I suffer. I got to know what that means. So I go to the amplified. It says, "Who so privvily slandereth his neighbor, him will I cut off from me. He who has a hotty look and a proud and arrogant heart, I cannot and I will not tolerate. God takes triangulation seriously, especially when it involves slander behind closed doors. It's not harmless. It brings judgment. It brings confusion. Jesus taught us to communicate privately uh first. Unity is preserved when we deal face to face, not running it through somebody else. Look people in the eye. Here's what you've done. How can we move past this? I honestly know people who will constantly have this kind of attitude. Well, if he wants to know what I'm mad about, he'll contact me. Well, he will if he goes to the altar and it troubles him. But what if he goes to the altar and it doesn't trouble him? You see, there's a point that never gets mentioned in that scripture. It says the scripture said, "If you remember that your brother has an aw." Well, I want you to understand that if that doesn't come into your heart, you won't remember it. Not in that moment. And that remembering is God reminding you there's some trouble there that you need to make right before you talk to me about your needs. Jesus taught us a false witness. Proverbs 6:19, "A false witness that speaketh lies and he that sweth discord among the brethren." These are some of the things that God hates. Oh, I see the end. And there's some biblical examples that would take too long to talk about this evening, but I have a lot to say when we get to the next and and maybe Tuesday night we'll start that or next weekend. But it's from the story of Ahab and Jezebel and Neabboth. And there's so much going on in that story. Do you remember Nabboth just finally has to say it's not for sale. I know who you are. I know you're the king. I know you're the boss man, but I'm not selling my family land. Cost him his life, but he died with integrity, without compromise. He died courageously. While Jezebel continued to control and manipulate both her husband and the kingdom, but she had an end coming. So hold on for that. But in the story of N in Numbers 16, we won't go there, but there's a story of a triangulation between Kora, Dayan, and Abram, they didn't confront Moses because they challenged his leadership. They rallied 250 leaders to form a rebellion. This is manipulation through triangulation, through numbers and alliances, trying to overthrow righteous authority by stacking opinions against the truth. And it worked until it didn't. God said, "I'm going to deal with that kind of involvement. I'm going to deal with that." Didn't he do it? If I remember correctly, in one particular situation, the earth opens up. Triangulation doesn't bring resolution. It only reinforces the offense. I tell you what we ought to do. We ought to triangulate. musicians are coming. We ought to triangulate one another to try to fix things. We ought to pull together alliances to make things better instead of adding more fire, more wood to the fire. Let the saints say, "Amen." You may stand. I didn't come to hear relationship advice. Well, we needed it. Lord, I want this church to be so strong. You know, Brother Brandon was talking about those stones in the pyramid. These mysterious stones stacked so tall. Everybody who examines them says, "There's no way in the world this could be built with the technology of the day." Well, we understand that there was some supernatural help involved that got those stones, heavy, heavy stones up to the top of that pyramid. It was more than a pulley system like we learned in in school. There were some supernatural uh helps that got those heavy stones uh elevated. I almost said levitated. Elevated to that high position. And brother Brandham said, "There are places in that pyramid that those stones are so close together that you couldn't put a razor blade between them." Wonder if there are any husbands in this house that would like to have that kind of relationship with your wife that not even a razor blade could come between you. Maybe you think that's hopeless. I don't I don't think so. Wouldn't you love to have that kind of relationship with your brothers and sisters in Christ so that not even a razor blade could come between you? You just trust one another. You realize that they're out for your success. They want you to prosper, particularly in spiritual matters. And if you prosper in spiritual matters, it releases favor and divine grace and and you see success in other areas of your life. When Paul was giving this amazing advice to his beloved friend Gaes, he said, "Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in good health even as thy soul prospers." I want you to prosper in the natural, but let that be an overflow of spiritual inward prosperity that it wouldn't get you off track. If you prosper in the natural and suffer in the spiritual, you're no better off. But if you prosper in the spiritual and it overflows into the natural, then guess what? God gets the praise. Isn't he worthy? Amen. I would to God that we could all find that place that not a razor blade would come between us. I also want you to say I want to say to you that maybe you I I hope I hope you wouldn't ponder on this. But the reality is as you examine your life, you may find that if you had it to do over again, you would do differently. Well, that's wonderful. But you may not have that opportunity. I've told you before they say the brain is still developing at age 25 especially in that place of deep reasoning the ability to really weigh the pros and the cons and they say brain scientists say it's not a good idea to choose the companion for your life until you're at least 25 today that feels like an old maid and a bachelor doesn't it. But brain science says it's only then. And some people are obviously handicapped way beyond 25. But the reality is they say that if you choose your companion before then and then your brain fully matures that you would likely choose an entirely different person kind of person. You you can't undo it now. You can't change it now. What's done is done. So, you should ask the Lord to help you save what you have. And that's going to be more give than take. I don't buy into that marriage thought that it's 50/50. If you are running a 50/50, then that's why you're having so many problems. It's 100 100. It's a man giving his all, a woman giving his all. And I have to admit there's certainly been times in our marriage that I didn't give uh my whole my all. And uh things suffer because of that. May God give us the grace to go the extra mile. And may we learn from others. There are others who can tell us a thing or two about what it means not to not to give everything you've got. It's much better to know that you've given all and it still didn't fix the issue than to know you didn't continue to try. You made the vow. I'd like to sort of say you're stuck with it. Jesus makes the biggest difference in a marriage if you've got two people in love with him. And that's something to consider when you're choosing I I think it's a good idea not only in fact I was going to read a quote and I I I think it was probably in in the next section of this where brother Brennham said under no circumstances should you choose a companion that's not a believer and we all say well uh you know she's Christian she's Baptist she's Methodist she's this well I tell you that's good but that's not always enough in fact you better try to find somebody who is as close to your thoughts about faith because it's not just the uh sinner's prayer. There's a whole lot more to it than that. You better know that it's someone who can live the faith that you feel is important and try to get that sorted out in the beginning because it sure is hard to unscramble the eggs after. friendships the same way, families, children the same way. God, help us. Lord, we desire in the deepest parts of who we are to love you more than anything else in this life. It's the greatest commandment to love the Lord thy God with all of thy heart, with all of your strength, with all of your might, with everything that we are. This is not passive love. This is an aggressive effort, an active effort to love you more and more. Just place something before we finish. It's it's a desire to love you more and more actively. And then the next greatest commandment is to love your neighbor. It's easy to say it that way, but you didn't finish. As yourself. That's unselfish love. Father, may you consume us with unselfish love one toward another. May we be busier building strong Christian friendships and holy alliances, times of prayer and commitment, reading and studying together, Bible study more than building triangulated situations that cause greater confusion and and hurt. Lord, we want to bring to you again today our wounds, our offenses, our emotions, and we want to say, Jesus, pour your love on them. Pour your oil on them. Heal us, Lord, where we need to be healed. Make us whole in areas where we lack. And as we often pray, bind us together as a body. You see, stronger marriages build stronger relationships in churches. If families get healthier, then the overall environment of the community, the church, the faith community, it becomes stronger and healthier because we bring our health with us. Just like in times past, we've brought our dysfunction with us. This would feel hopeless if we had to do it on our own. But because of you, Lord, we just agree with your word and we say, "Teach us, help us, inspire us, strengthen us, give us courage to do what your word has said." We yield. We yield to you. We yield our will. We l we yield our right to quit. You didn't call us to be quitters. You called us to endure to the end. The same that endureth to the end shall be saved. Lord, may we not quit so quickly on our relationships. May we put in the extra effort and watch the healing bomb of the Holy Ghost come and [Music] soothe. Why don't you just let some things drop to your feet tonight this afternoon? Why don't you just let some things drop right out right down to your feet and step over them on your way home? Things that you don't want to carry anymore. Resentment towards someone else. You're legitimate hurt. You've been legitimately wounded. But you can choose today to accept his healing. It's been a heavy weight, but remember he said, "Casting all of your cares on me, I care for you." Why don't we come and give him some of these burdens as we worship him who is worthy. He's worthy. If you believe that, say amen. He's worthy. He's worthy. Jesus is worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He became sin who knew no sin that we might become his rightuousness. He humbled himself and carried the cross. Love so [Music] amazing. Love so amazing. Jesus Messiah name above all names. Thank you. The blessed redeemer. You are Emmanuel. [Music] Yes. The rescue for sinners, the ransom from heaven. [Music] Oh Jesus, Messiah. He's the Lord of all. The Lord of all. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. His body the bread, his blood the wine broken and poured out. All for love. The whole earth trembled and the veil was torn. Love so [Music] amazing. God, your love so amazing. Jesus the Messiah, the name above all names. You are the blessed redeemer. You are Emmanuel. Praise the Lord. The rescue for [Music] sinners, the ransom from [Music] heaven. Oh Jesus Messiah. Oh, the Lord of all situation. And all our hope is in you. And all our hope is in you. and all the glory to you, God. Oh, you're the light of the world. And all our hope is in you. And all our hope, Lord, it's in you. And all the glory Glory to you, God, the light of the world. Jesus, Messiah. Sounds so lovely. Hallelujah. The name above all names. The blessed [Music] redeemer. Glory. The rescue for sinners. Yes. The ransom from heaven. Oh Jesus. Messiah, you're the Lord of all. The Lord of all. You're my brother and you're my sister. So take me by hand. Together we will work until he comes. There's no fo that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand. You are my brother, you're my sister. So take me by the hand. Together we will work till he comes. Oh, there's no foe that can defeat us. We will walk by. Oh, as long as there is love, we will stand. Does anybody want to do that? You're my brother, you're my sister. So take me by the hand. And together we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand. Sing it again. You're my brother. You're my sister. So take me by the way. Oh, together we will work. [Music] Oh, there's no B that can when we're walking side by side as long again. Oh, sing it. Sing it real good before you go. You're my brother, so take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. What a day that'll be. There's no fold that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand. You sing it one time. You're my brother, sister. So take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. There's no fo that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand. You're my brother, you're my sister. So take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand. Yes, you are. You're my brother. You're my sister. So take me by the hand. Stand together in Jesus name. Together we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand. How many of you believe that together in faith we can do it? We can stand until he comes. I think if we say this generically enough, you would be able to respond because we all probably somewhere in our life we have a relationship that we would like to see some healing in. And so just if you see somebody's hand go up, please don't zero in and think she's mad at her husband. She may be I can't can't uh confirm or deny. But that's not the only relationship they have. Right? If you're here and you say, "I have a relationship." Maybe you and your doctor, you know, I don't know, but I have a relationship in my life that I'd like to see some healing in. Would you just put up your hand? You don't have to tell anybody who it is, but I have a relationship. I'd like to see some. Let's agree together. Father, in the name of Jesus, it can't be that we are such odd and strange people that we can't maintain relationships. It must be that the enemy works overtime to hinder and to harass the relationships among believers and their families and their connections. It seems like he delights in driving a wedge between people who should be united. So Lord, right now, every person who raised a hand, every person on the stream who said, "I'd like to see some relationships strengthened and healed." Maybe you'd like for the Lord to just paint your mind with Calvar's blood, like Rusty Goodman wrote so many years ago. Just paint my mind with Calvar's blood. Help me forget. Help me turn loose of some things that continue to stand in my way of seeing healing in that particular relationship. Help me to forgive without an apology. Help me Lord to have strategy. I read so many little things in the scripture. One like a a secret gift pacifth anger. that that there are so many keys you've given us in the scripture to help heal and make whole our relationships. We do what we know to do as believers. We come to you right now. And Lord, I'd like for somebody to be able to testify. I watch God show up in a relationship that I lifted before him. I watched healing begin to come and peace begin to come. I felt my cords strengthened with my own brothers and sisters in the family of faith. God, we look to you for everything. Some people don't understand the way we pray about everything. But you told us that if it concerns us, it concerns you. Oh, that gives me so much peace to know it's never too little, it's never too big. You care about what I care about. Father, come right now. May we all find a higher limb to climb up to. May we not be satisfied with where we are. May we all want to draw a little bit closer to you in this hour. We give you praise and honor and glory for it's in the exalted name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. What are the dates of the June meeting who knows them by heart? June 7th and 8th, Saturday night and Sunday morning, we'll meet together in his name to see what the Lord has. And you be preparing your heart because we're going to announce sometime in the next few weeks uh a time of having communion and footwashing together and just waiting on the final release of the Lord and the right timing to do it. So you prepare your heart and pray that God's perfect will is done in all things. May God do some more gardening in us. May he help us to do some more weeding ourselves. Be ready for what he has. I feel a good spirit here. Good presence of the Lord here. Let's go in his peace. Let's go trying to lift up his name with everything we do and say. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed to go in the lovely name of the Lord. You're my brother. You're my sister. So take me by the hand. God bless you. Love you. Love you. Come. God bless you. Gwen, I love you. No. For that kind of VA, is that you? Are you excited? Don't hurt yourself. As there is love, we will stand. God bless you. Let let pap help you. Oh, come on, big girl. God bless you. I'm gonna pick you up. Can I Can I pick you up? Give you a little squeeze. I love you. There's no fat that can defeat us. God bless you. And as long as there is love, we will stand. Bless his name. You're my brother. You're my sister, so take me by the hand. Oh, together we will work till he comes. There's no bold that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, and as long as there is love, we will stand. You're my brother. You're my sister. Take me by the hand. Together we will work until he comes. There's no B that can defeat us. And we're walking side by side. Oh, as long as there is love, we will stand one more time. You're my brother, you're my sister. So take me by the hand and together we will work until he comes. There's no foe that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand.
