################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - Jesus, Our Passover The Lamb Who Fulfills It All Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    Jesus, Our Passover: The Lamb Who Fulfills It All | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker: Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30RAv1QAECw
========================================

Description:
This sermon methodically demonstrates how Jesus fulfilled seven specific requirements of the Passover lamb from Exodus. Pastor Shelley presents scriptural evidence that Christ's triumphal entry, examination by authorities, sinless nature, crucifixion timing, and unbroken bones precisely aligned with Passover requirements. The message challenges the traditional Good Friday crucifixion timeline, arguing for a Wednesday crucifixion to accommodate the "three days and three nights" prophecy, and emphasizes the importance of understanding Old Testament types and shadows for a fuller appreciation of Christ's work.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Jesus is filling men's hearts with fear. Freedom we all hold dear now is at stake. Humbling our hearts to God saves from the chasting rod. Seek the way pilgrims trod Christians away. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the skies. Going where no one dies. Heaven would pound. Troublesome times are here. Filling men's hearts with fear. Freedom we all hold dear now is at stake. Humbling your heart to God saves from the chasting rod. Seek the way pilgrims trod Christians away. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. All of the dead shall rise. Like meet in the skies. Going where no one dies. Heavenward bound. Troubles will soon be your happy forever more. When we meet on that shore, free from all cares. Rising up in the sky, telling this world goodbye. Home and we will fly. Glory to share. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the skies. Going when no one dies. Heaven would pound. Troubles will soon be your happy forever more. When we meet on that shore, free from all care. Rising up in the sky, telling the world goodbye. Home we then will fly. Glory to share. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the skies. Going where no one dies. Heaven would pound. Troublesome times are here. Filling men's hearts with fear. Freedom we all hold dear now is at stake. Humble your heart to God. Saves from the chasting rod. Seek the way pilgrims trot Christians away. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumps will sound and all of the dead shall rise. Righteous meat in the skies. Going where no one dies. Heavenward bound. Oh Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. Hallelujah. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the skies. Going where no one dies. Heaven. Verse two. Troubles will soon be old. Happy forever more. When we meet on that shore, free from all care. Rising up in the sky, telling this world goodbye. Homeward we then will fly. Glory to share. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. Hallelujah. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meat in the skies. Going where no one dies. Heaven bow. Oh Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumps will sound. Oh all of the dead shall rise like sweet in the skies. Going where no one dies. Heaven. Verse two again. Troubles will soon be your happy forever more. When we meet on that shore, free from all care. Rising up in the sky, telling this world goodbye. Home we then will fly. Glory to share. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom. Trumps will sound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous lead in the skies. Going where no one heaven will bound. Oh Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound. All of the dead shall rise. Right in the skies, going where no one dies, heavenward bound. Can you give him a shout of praise this morning? For you are worthy, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord God of Abraham, Isaac and Israelel, let it be known today that you are God. [Music] Hallelujah. We offer up our lives as a living sacrifice. Purify us with your holy fire. Holy fire. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. We've come to worship at your holy hill. Hallelujah. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. And we surrender to your sovereign will. Oh Lord God of Abraham and Lord God of Abraham, Isaac and Israelel. Hallelujah. Let it be known today that you are God. You are God. Lord, come now and fill this place. Be exalted in our praise. Let it be known today that you are God. [Music] You are the holy one, highly exalted one. We come to worship at your holy hill. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. And we surrender to your sovereign will. Oh Lord God of Abraham and Lord God of Abraham, Isaac and Israel. Hallelujah. Let it be known today that you are God. Mighty King, mighty king. Come now and fill this place. Oh, be exalted in our praise. Let it be known today that you are God. You are God. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. We've come to worship at your holy hill. Blessed your name. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. And we surrender to your sovereign will. Oh Lord, God of Abraham. For the Lord, he is God. For the Lord, he is God. And he shall reign forever more, ever more. For the Lord, he is God. For the Lord, he is God. And he shall reign forever more. Ever more. For the Lord, he is God. For the Lord, he is God and he shall reign forever more, ever more. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. We've come to worship at your holy hill. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. And we surrender. Hallelujah. Sovereign will. Oh Lord God of Abraham. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. We've come to worship at your holy hill. Blessed be your name, Lord. You are the holy one, highly exalted one. And we surrender to your sovereign way. Oh Lord, God of Abraham. Oh, you are Lord over all the earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Be praised. Be praised. Lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord of eternity. The mystery behind the veil. Lord over heaven and earth. God of Israelel, come with your wisdom and power. Clothed in your honor and strength. Lord, hear the cry of our hearts. Come, oh conquering king. And every eye will see your glory fill the sky. Adon night. Adon night. Every knee will bow to Lord most high. Adon night. Adonai. You alone are God. Every tongue will cry. Adonai. Adonai. Every knee will bow to Lord most high. Adonai. You alone our God. Every tongue will cry. Adonai. Lord of eternity. The mystery behind the veil. Lord over heaven and earth. God of Israelel. [Music] Come with your wisdom and power. Oh, cold in your honor and strength. Lord, hear the cry of our hearts. Come, oh conquering king. And every eye will see your glory fill the sky. I don't know. I don't know. Every knee will bow to you, Lord most high. Adonai, Adonai, you alone our God. Every tongue will cry. Adonai, Adonai. Every knee will bow you, Lord most high. Adon night, Adon night. You alone our God. Every tongue will cry. Adon night. Here Jerusalem waits. Praise is lifted on high. Here the beautiful gates long to see you arise. [Music] When all Zion [Music] sings Adonai, Adonai, every knee will bow you, Lord most high. Adonai, Adonai. You alone are God. Every tongue will cry. Adon night. Every knee will bow you, Lord most high. Adon night, Adon night. You alone our God. Every tongue will cry [Music] out. Lord of eternity, the mystery behind the veil. Lord over heaven and earth. God of Israelel. Come with your wisdom and power, clothed in your honor and strength. Lord, hear the cry of our hearts. Come, oh conquering king. Hallelujah. And every eye will see your glory. Fill the sky. Adon night. Adon night. Every knee will bow you Lord most high. Adon night out. You alone our God and tongue will cry. Adon night out. Every knee will bow to Lord most high. Adon night. Adon night. You alone our God. Every tongue will cry. Adon night. Adon night. Every knee will bow you, Lord most high. Adon night, out of night. You alone our God. Every tongue will cry out night. Here Jerusalem waits. Praises lifted on high. Here the beautiful gates long to see you [Music] arise. When all Zion strings per share Adonai, Adonai, every knee will bow to Lord most high. Adonai Adonai. You alone are God. tongue will cry out night. Every knee will bow to Lord most high out of night. You alone are God. Every tongue will cry. Adon night. You are Lord over all the earth. You are Lord over all the earth. You are Lord over all the earth. You are Lord over all the earth. You are Lord over all the earth. You are Lord over all the earth. You are Lord over all the earth. You are Lord over all the earth. Adonai. Adonai. Every knee will bow to you, Lord most high. Adon night, out of night. You alone are God. Every tongue will cry out night. Adon night. Every knee will bow to you, Lord most high. Adon night, out. You alone our God. Every tongue will cry. Adon night. Out of now every knee will bow to you Lord most high. Out of now you alone are God. Every tongue will cry out on [Music] be praised. Be praised. Be praised. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord most high glorified be [Music] glorified. Be glorified. Be glorified. Lord of all the earth. Lord of all the earth. Be glorified. be exed. [Music] Be lifted high. Hallelujah. Be lifted high. Be lifted high. Oh, I don't know. lifted [Music] high lifted high. Be lifted high. Be lifted high. You are holy. You are holy. over the earth. King over the earth. King over the earth. Be lifted high. Be lifted high. Be lifted high. Lifted high. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise God. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are good Lord. We bless your name. [Music] Come be exalted Lord. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. Yes, you do. You restore every heart that is broken. [Laughter] Great are you, Lord. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Great. Are you Lord? [Music] It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. [Music] You give life. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Gray are you, Lord. Sing it out. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. [Music] You give life. You are love. Yes. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope and you restore every heart that you have a broken heart this morning. Oh great are you Lord. [Music] It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] only. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you Lord. Hallelujah. Woo. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. Hallelujah. The earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great. Are you new, Lord? It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Oh, we pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you [Music] only. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's only by your life, Lord. Great are you, Lord. Great are you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Sing this last one with me. Let your glory fall in this room. Yes, Lord. Let it go forth from here to the nations. Let your fant rest in this place. As we gather to seek your face, let your glory fall in truth. And let it go forth from here to the nation. Let your fragrance rest in this place as we gather to seek your face. Oh, let your glory fall in this room. [Music] Let it go forth from here to the nations. Let your fragrance rest in this place as we gather to seek your face. Father of creation, unfold your sovereign planes. raise up a chosen [Music] generation that will march through the land. All creation is [Music] longing for your unveiling of power. [Music] Would you release your anointing? Oh God, let this be the hour. Let your glory fall in this room and let it go forth from here to the nations. Oh, let your fragrance rest in this place as we gather to seek your face. Let your glory fall in this room. Let it go forth from here to the nations. Let your fragrance rest in this place as we gather to seek your face. Once again, let your glory fall in this room. room. Let it go forth from here to the nations. Let your fence rest in this place. [Music] As we gather to seek your face. Oh yes, we've gathered to seek your face. [Music] Your face will I seek, oh Lord. Your face will I seek, oh Lord. Thank you, Lord. Aren't you thankful for the grace that he gives? That he would allow us to seek his face. He beckons to us. The scripture says, "No man hath sought God at any time." Yet, he beckons to us to seek his face. And oh, when he's beckoning to you to seek his face, he has something he wants you to find. I'm glad that he is here today. Amen. Do you have a need on your heart? As we would go to prayer, you would just lift your hands out across the stream. I know there are needs. The Lord sees those needs that you would have. Uh we want to remember uh Sister Sharon Nolan's son-in-law to the Lord today and all of her family. The Lord sees the need that is there, a physical need. And and the Lord, we are asking the Lord to meet that need as only he can. He is faithful and he knows how to minister miracles where miracles are needed. I need a miracle in my in my body. How about you? Do you need one today? I need a miracle. And I know that God is the miracle worker. We want to remember brother Daniel out on brother Daniel Miller out on the road. All that and encircles him. We want to ask the Lord to be with him. Michael reached out and asked us to continue to pray for Lydia and Adelaide. They're still battling and need a total healing. Sister Jada reached out to say that they would be in Atlanta today celebrating her dad's I I don't remember without looking if it was 87 or 88th birthday. I don't remember which of the two, but he has Lug Garrick's disease, is not doing well, and they wanted to be with him today. pray for them going and coming. There are several families that will leave this week uh on Thursday, I assume, to to go to Louisiana Youth Camp. We want to pray for their safety as they go. Uh and as they come back to us, God be with them. Uh the last service there is on Sunday morning, so they'll be traveling back. I would think Sunday afternoon. Let's pray that God will bring them back. I know that you and sister Joyce are traveling this week to preach on two weekends now also coming up. Uh Benjamin and Jenna coming home next Saturday. Would like for them to be remembered to the Lord in prayer. And there are others who are going back and forth and back and forth different uh places for different reasons. And I always feel concerned because I know how dangerous the roads are. It seems they're extremely dangerous around here lately. Yeah. And I'm just really believing that God will uh let those angels watch over all of us and keep us. Uh I've had several near accidents just coming to the church with all the construction and the changes out there. Yes, sir. A couple times maybe as many as three, I've nearly been just really clobbered with a vehicle. I know that God is able to keep us all. many unspoken needs and people are reaching out and uh lives are shifting in a time like this. We want to pray that we all have the discernment of the Lord and and we move in his cycles and seasons and not out. Amen. This is not a time to be out of the perfect will of God. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to pray, I woke up this morning singing Great is thy faithfulness. I'd like to sing it before we go to prayer. I would like to This is the verse that I woke with. Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth. Yes, sir. Thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide. Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow. blessings all mine and 10 thousands besides. Sing this with us as we get ready to pray. Pardon for sin and a peace that endureth. I know dear presence to cheer and to guide strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow. Blessings all mine and 10,000. Brother R.J., will you come to pray today, please? Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand has provided. Great is thy [Music] faithfulness, Lord. The course once again. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy handath proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord. Oh, Aba, you are a faithful God, a God rich in mercy. All I have needed, thy hand has provided in Christ. Everything that we need to overcome is in Christ. If we need an advocate today, we have an advocate with the father. Jesus Christ the righteous. Lord, we have a healer. a provider, a strength, a counselor. Lord, I thank you that in this life you have not left us alone. I thank you today, Lord, for your presence, that you've come and visited your people. And we want you to know today that that you're welcome here, Lord, in this place. We lay aside every agenda, every plan, every thought, our time. Lord, we lay on the altar before you. And we ask that you would have your way today, Lord, that preparation would occur in your people. That preparation would unfold in our lives, Lord. That we would yield the right to our own lives. and that you would have preeminence. Lord, I just I thank so much about harvest. Lord, it's it's what's on your mind. It's what's on your heart. A people fornown that you're drawing back to yourself. And Lord, we just want to say today that we want to participate in that harvest. We don't want to be on the sidelines, Lord. And so we ask that you would deal with us today by your word and bring us into alignment with heaven, oh God, that your work would be perfected in us. And so we yield today to you. Heaven's agenda, let it be established in this place in the name of Yeshua, the Messiah. Let every opposing spirit bow in Jesus name. Yes, Lord. We're a people that are hungry for you. We're only hungry for you because you've placed that hunger in us, oh God. And we don't satisfy it today with the word with the world. We come to satisfy it with the word to feast on at the word to sit at your table. Oh God, I don't know. we just make ourselves available today that your will would unfold that we would be lifted into a new dimension in you. I know it oh God our vision often is so low. We we question the destiny or the purpose that you have for us. I pray today that an that eyes would be anointed to see that lies would be broken. Oh God, that your people would be strengthened and encouraged, that faith would be ignited, where in the end time a harvest needs to be reaped, and you're coming for your bride, oh God, and we're available. We're available, oh God. We love you today, Lord. We love you today. We love you today, Lord. Have your will. Have your way. Bring healing to everybody. Let it manifest. Bring wisdom, oh God, to every question. You're the answer. Open up ears to hear and hearts to understand. Lord, I know many, many of us in our lives, we're connected with people that need you. Situations that are desperate without you, oh God. Our whole lives, we're just wholly dependent on you, Lord. And we just welcome you today, Lord, because we know that you are faithful, that you are good, that you are righteous, that you are sovereign, that you rule this word, this world from heaven on high, oh God, and everything will happen according to your plan. And so we rest in you today. Our confession today is one of faith and gratitude that you finished the work that on the 14th of Nissan yesterday you paid the price. You were the lamb slain from the foundation of the world and you entered into flesh Lord and you paid the price and by your stripes we are healed. By your blood we are reconciled back unto God. And so we just live today in fellowship with you. Thankful for your presence, oh God. We're thankful for you today in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. We say amen. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh praise the Lord. Amen. You may have your seat today. My brother Kate is getting into position to sing today. We just welcome you into the house of the Lord. God is faithful. He strengthens us. Sister Anna Miller, we're glad to see you here with us today. She thumbmed a ride with her parents from Arkansas. Sister Sherry Farmer is with us and her husband, Brother Forest Farmer, is in in South Carolina preaching and she decided, Sister Sherry decided she was going to spend some time with the grandchildren. And so we're glad that Sister Sherry Farmer is here today with us. God bless you. If you don't know it, that's Sister Anna's mother. We're glad that she is here with us. We're glad to be gathered in the house of the Lord. The Lord is faithful to us. There a lot of folks that are out today and we we're praying for them and believing the Lord to bring us all back together. It seems like there's a lot of coming and going as brother Shelley has already said and we're praying for one another as we come and go but believing that that we stay in the purposes of God as we go as we come and but God called us as a part of this body and I'm thankful to be a part of this body. I'm thankful for the word of the Lord that is here that we are privileged to hear. God knew what we needed and he knew where to place us. Amen. We want to receive the tithe and offering today to give to the work of the Lord his that his purposes can be accomplished in the end time with in on on this piece of property and where he sends us. I'm going to ask brother Steven Yantis and brother Elas Chacha to go to the people today to uh receive of the tithe and the offering. Give as giving unto the Lord. We worship together with our giving and we worship as brother Cade sings. [Music] I faced a mountain that I've never faced before. That's why I'm calling on you, Lord. I know it's been a while, but Lord, please hear my prayer. I need you like I never have [Music] before. Sometimes it takes a mountain. Sometimes the trouble see, sometimes it takes a [Music] desert to get a hold of me. Your love is so much stronger than whatever trles me. Sometimes it takes a [Music] mountain to trust you and believe. Forgive me, Jesus. I thought I could [Music] control whatever life would throw upon my way. But this, I will admit, it has brought me to my knees. I need you, Lord. And I'm not ashamed to say sometimes it takes a mountain [Music] or sometimes it troubled sea. Sometimes it takes a desert to get a hold of me. Your love is so much [Music] stronger than whatever trles me. [Music] Sometimes it takes a mountain to just you and believe. Forgive me, Jesus. I thought I could control whatever life would throw upon my way. But this I will admit, it has brought me to my knees. I need you, Lord, and I'm not ashamed to say. Oh, sometimes it takes a mountain. Sometimes a troubled sea. Sometimes it takes a desert to get a hold of me. [Music] Your love is so much stronger than whatever troubles me. Sometimes it takes a mountain to trust you and believe. Sometimes it takes a [Music] mountain to trust you and believe. and I will [Music] trust. I will trust in [Music] you when I don't see your plans for me and I'm losing my view. I will trust. I will trust in you. Well, I'm standing still. My heart's been filled, but my life's been torn in two. I will trust. I will trust. I will trust in [Music] you. And I will trust, Lord. I will trust in you. When I don't see your plans for me and I'm losing my view, I will trust. Oh, I will trust in [Music] you. I'm standing still. My heart's been filled, but my life's been torn in two. I will trust. I will trust. I will trust in you. One more time. Oh, and I will trust, Lord. I will trust in you. When I don't see your plans for me and I'm losing my view, I will trust. I will trust. I will trust in you. I'm standing still. My heart's been filled, but my life's been torn in two. I will trust. Even still, I will trust. I will trust, Lord. I will trust in you. [Music] I will trust. I will trust in you. And where he leads me, I will follow. Where he leads me, I I will [Music] follow. And where he leads, he leads me. I I will follow. Yes, I will. I'll go with him. With him. I'll go with him. [Music] Oh, let's take it down once and sing it as we get our Bibles ready. And where he leads leads me, I I will follow. Where he leads, where he leads me, I I will follow. [Music] where he leads me. I will [Music] follow and I'll go with him. Yes, I'll go with him all all the way. Isn't the Lord wonderful? Isn't he good? Isn't he faithful and holy? Great is thy faithfulness. He's worthy. I'm really happy to see you in the house of the Lord this morning. I didn't anticipate that so many would be missing, but I'm very glad that you are here. I knew for the next two weeks we might be a bit slim, but uh I was expecting to be a little fuller this morning, but it is full. There's angels on every pew and the presence of the Lord is here and his word is rich and right. His presence is uh so so comforting when there may be something on your mind. If you can just get in the presence of the Lord, well, it just eases so much. We're blessed with anointed musicians. Amen. You did a great job this morning leading us in worship. Let's thank God for [Music] them. Turn to First Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 7 this morning. And I will just mention that there are birthdays this week. Sister I notice that R.J.'s mom, Sister Karen, if she should happen to see this. If not, I hope somebody will pass my greetings to her. Her birthday's tomorrow. Uh, on Wednesday, Sister Man has a birthday. She has her hard cast off and and uh she can no longer use it as a weapon. Uh, but I see she's got something on there to protect her. So, let's just keep praying for her. But, uh, she has a birthday this week and we ought to mention that. And she shares a birthday with the twins. So, Lydia and Adelaide have to get better in a hurry, don't they? Because they have a birthday. I had Isaiah's birthday coming up this Thursday. Okay, it is right. All right, so uh Isaiah River Hodgeges has a birthday. I think he would be about one and couldn't get any cuter and his birthday's coming up on Thursday. So be sure to if you'll just speak to him, you'll get his sunny side. Usually his sunny disposition. Friday is Moses's birthday. They're not here again, I mentioned. And then Saturday is Sister Gabriella's birthday. And I mentioned them because they've been a part of the ministry for so long and they're streaming the service. Sister Gabriella has been through some health issues, but God is helping her and we're thankful for her and for all these years of support. We send our love to to not only to her, but to others around the world who are watching this service today. And because I didn't get it wrote down for last week, I forgot to mention that Isaac May and Gia and little Gwyn, beautiful Gwyn, had a birthday on Friday and I I didn't get to announce it. Sometimes I have it and I just get I just get distracted and forget to mention it, but I like for everybody to know how much we care about them, and we do. We appreciate you so much. Um, let's go right to the word. It's going to take me a little bit today to get there and appreciate your help. This will not be everybody's cup of tea. I realize that. But it is wellstudied, well prepared. Um I haven't I haven't been myself for about four days now because I have been uh captured by the word. His word is life to us. It's life to me. I don't understand anybody who's not interested in the scripture. Amen. Amen. Uh we have to have it. It's our foundation. We can't throw out the Old Testament because without the Old Testament, the New Covenant makes no sense. That's right. Makes no sense. You got to have it all. Brother Brandham, in fact, he told us the whole thing, Old Testament and New Testament, is the revelation of Jesus Christ. Did you know he said that? Not just New Testament, but the whole book is the revelation of Jesus Christ. And we're thankful for it. It's our absolute. Nothing else is my absolute but that Bible. That's where my absolute is because otherwise we're human. We can make mistake. We can uh have progressive revelation, not see it all at one time, grow in our understanding. Someone said prophets don't grow in their understanding. I hope they do. It's the only explanation I have for some things that he said. I I heard a tape this week where he was uh mentioning the blessed third person of the Trinity. Well, I'm glad I know that there's only one person in the Trinity. His name is Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So, we can always make little misspeaks and so forth and etc. But we are thankful that he told us what to do about it. Go right back. 1 Corinthians 5:7 is an appropriate uh verse for where we are right now because as brother R.J. mentioned yesterday on the more modern Jewish calendar, we don't know exactly where it would be on the ancient calendar, but very close to now would have been the uh 14th of Nissan or Abib. And that was the day of preparation for the Passover that would have began that evening at sundown. And our Lord was crucified on that day at the very same moment that all of the other lambs were dying just over the hill for the sacrifice of the Passover. Josephus describes it as tens of thousands of sheep died on the very same day that Jesus died right across the valley of death on the hill. And we should mention that because he tells us to remember his death. He doesn't tell us particularly to celebrate his resurrection except when we come together. We come together in resurrection life. But he tells us to remember his death. 1 Corinthians 5:7, "Purge out therefore the old leaven that ye may be a Is anybody a new lump as ye are unleavenvened. For even Christ, Messiah, anointed one." How many of you know that Christ is not his last name? Christ is a word that means the anointed one, the Messiah. For even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us. Therefore, let us keep the feast. This is first Corinthians. This is New Testament. This is the Apostle Paul. Therefore, let us keep the feast. Not with old leaven, neither with the leavenven of malice and wickedness, but with the unleavened bread. Oh yes, of sincerity and truth. How many of you glad that you have tasted the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth? Bow your head. Let's pray together just a moment. Father, we thank you that you have brought us to this place and you have met us. You not only came with us, but you met us as we came. We need you today, Lord. We're going to do some teaching where we need your help in grasping uh it, putting it together, grounding it in your word because you're the living word. Nobody has greater power to tie it together than you. Come Holy Ghost and help us all. Not only anoint lips of clay, but anoint ears of flesh and a heart to receive, to understand, not to take it in one direction beyond what the word says. But stay right in the middle of the road, which is the middle of the word. And we'll give you the honor and the glory and the praise. For it's in the name above every name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, even Yeshua, our Messiah. We pray. And the saint said, "Amen." You may be seated. You'll have to forgive me. I'm experiencing a particularly dry mouth. So, I'm going to put in something. Would you pray it stays? Because if it doesn't, it's either going to get Jia or Jason. I may sound a little like I have an impediment here for a few minutes, but I need the moisture. So, not something I like to do when I'm preaching, but I don't want to lick my lips either. Do you understand? Yes, sir. So Tuesday night we look at some verses and I wish we had time to go back over them because they should be put here in this right reference but I don't have time to spend much time with any of them because there's some other things that we want to look at. But if you would permit me, I need you to stay right with me today. Uh because teaching is not me, but uh that may be more or less the delivery because I want to make sure you get these verses. I want you to make sure that you write them down. Hold on to them. Read them again. See if they say what I tell you they say. If I read them to you, you check it and make sure that's really what it says. Uh because anybody can misspeak. And I don't want to do that today. So make a note of it if you will. But let's look at Matthew 5 verse 17 and 18. Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I am not come to destroy but to what? Fulfill. For verily I say unto you, till the heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tit shall in no wise pass from the law. Jesus is saying not one letter, neither one piece of punctuation because in the Hebrew you can add a little a little jot or tit and change the way the letter sounds. It would be like us saying not one comma or one period is going to pass away. However, you do understand that in English grammar, some of these things are discretionary and a comma in the wrong place may look right to you, but in reading it, if you follow the prompt of the comma, you can really get things out of order. Correct? So when we're examining the English Bible, we're not always checking exactly the comma or the colon or semicolon because those things are added by translators to help us to read and to understand. Even in your beloved King James version Bible, you will find that there are words such as articles that are added to the actual Hebrew or Greek words. And therefore, every word you read in English does not have a Hebrew or a Greek equivalent. And sometimes they are added just to help you be able to read what the translators have have written. uh it doesn't mean that anyone has added to the word. It just simply means if you take out the ands and the butts, uh you take out prepositions and some other parts of speech, you you you don't have something that makes nearly as much sense. You have to work at it. I don't know if any of you have ever read uh the the YT or the Young Liv uh literal, excuse me, Young's literal translation. There are several literal translations of the Bible. And in those translations, it's just a Greek word has been translated or just a Hebrew word translated. So there are no little articles or words added to help it to make sense. So, it would be hard to make that your everyday reading Bible, but sometimes, Jonathan, it's interesting to look at it because it shows you how much has had to be added for you and I to be able to understand it. And uh so I like to do what Brother Brandham said. He he liked to go back to look. He wasn't a scholar. Neither am I. But he liked to go back and look and see sometimes what the words mean. You can really get a lot out of it. You will find, as I have mentioned to you through the years, that there are words, English words in the King James version of the Bible that no longer mean today what they meant in 1611. And so you read it, it's still God's sacred word. It's still holy. It's not tampered with, but it could cause you to take away a slightly different meaning. Now, I'm not proposing to you that the word gay is in the Bible. But what if the word gay was there? One generation ago, that word meant uh carefree, happy, cheery. Today, if you were to say, "Wow, you're having a mighty day." You might get a punch right in the nose. So words can change their meanings and applications as they go along through the ages. And remember that the king, King James, was very determined to remain king as long as he lived. And so he had the translators to operate with a heavy hand in verses that spoke about authority. This is a well-known fact. He liked those verses and he would uh make sure that they used language that would be easily understood in 1611 that everyone was subject to authority and if possible he would have probably said king's authority but he didn't quite have them to go that far. There are many examples that are given. So it's not to say that we can't get everything we need out of it. We can, but we need the Holy Spirit. Brother Brandham used a good dictionary. That wouldn't hurt anybody, would it? And uh he also used uh what we would call a lexicon, but it's a limited one that is today primarily used by 7th Day Adventist and Mormons. But there's no problem particularly with that. But there are there are books and online sources that will help you if you ever want to look at something deep. And if you don't, then the Holy Ghost will certainly help you. I'm not in any way believing that resources replace the Holy Ghost. Nothing nothing can can interpret or give you understanding of the word like the good Holy Ghost. Aren't you glad he lives in you? Yes. So Jesus said, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets. I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one till shall in no wise pass from the law till all be fulfilled." Now we know as we look at the Old Testament, we know that many of the feasts of the Lord, they're the feast of Yave, the feast of in English we would say Jehovah. They're not Jewish feasts. They belong to the Lord. They pre-exist the Jewish nation. You do understand that the feast of the Lord existed before the Jews were a people. Isn't that interesting? And they're never called in scripture the feast of the Hebrews or the feast of the Jews. They're always referred to as Adonai's feast or as we sang this morning, Adonai, which means Lord, the Lord's feast. They belong to him. And you and I know that many of those feasts have already been 100% filled to the brim. That is the spring feast. And a portion of the fall feast have also been already filled up to the very top. But there are some portions of the fall feast that even brother Brandham told us had not yet come into full fruition because some of them speak of millennium and we are not yet in the millennium. I have a few friends that believe that they're already living in the millennium, but they still bleed. And that's that's nearly impossible. If you have some sort of a new body, I don't think your new body, your glorified body, your theophony body, your spiritual body is going to bleed. Do you? So, we are seated together in heavenly places. No doubt about that. The word destroy there means to demolish. It means to utterly do away with, to dissolve, to come to not, to overthrow, to throw down. Jesus said, "Don't you think that I have come to throw down what's already been written or to dissolve what's already been written? I'm glad for that." Uh, so then we went to Romans, and we won't do that now, but just jot it down for your study. Romans 15:4. And then we would go to Ephesians 2 11-13. Now, I'd like for us to go I wish we could read all of those this morning, but I'd like for us to go to Romans 11 for just a moment. Uh, beginning in verse 16 through verse 18. For if the first handful of dough, this is in the amplified. I have it in the King James if you need it, but let's just stay with the Amplified. If that offends anybody, just you hold your your King James and read it. Now if the first handful of dough offered as the first fruits, Abraham and the patriarchs is consecrated holy, so is the whole mass, the whole nation. But if some of the branches were broken off, while you, a wild olive chute, were grafted in among them, who do you think that wild olive shoot is? nations, Gentiles, goim, if you will, non-Jews, you are you are grafted in because some of the original branches were broken off. And that made room. I like that. That made room for you and I as nations, as Gentiles, to be grafted into the same rootstock. You want to be grafted into the same rootstock. That rootstock is is the is the heritage of David. You want to go back to that. You want to make sure you're connected because David's throne is the only eternal throne according to the scripture. And that's the one our Messiah sits on. He came as son of David. He came to fulfill those scriptures. It's beautiful. It actually is very beautiful. Uh uh but I think we should go to King James if you will. For if the first fruit be holy, the lump is also holy. And if the root be holy, so are the branches. Are you with me? And if some of the branches were broken off, and thou being a wild olive tree were wer grafted among them, and with them and with them partakers of the root and fatness of the olive tree. Hallelujah. You might not have been a cultivated olive branch. You might have been a wild olive branch, but did you know that a wild olive branch can be grafted into a cultivated olive tree and produce ripe fruit? That's what that's what Paul's telling us. And and it's kind of beautiful because we draw both life from the root and fatness, oil from the original olive tree. And I love that. And there's so much more that I would like to talk about, but we don't have time. Let's land quickly at Colossians chapter 2 for just a moment. 16-1 17 uh King James. Let no man therefore judge you in meat or in drink or in respect of an holy day or of the new moon or of the Sabbath days. Now let me help you understand that means that I am not to judge you if you have no respect for those things. You are not my servant. You are a servant of the Lord. But it also means that you are not to judge me. If I decide that I would like to uh keep a kosher lifestyle, not eat pork or lobster or shrimp, you shouldn't judge me for that. If I decided that I wouldn't drink uh hard liquor or wine or things like that, well, you shouldn't judge me. In fact, if I should show respect to some holy day as long as it is a biblical holy day. You you you can't go out and take a satinella. You can't go out and take uh something that is dedicated to the goddess Ashtarth or Asteroth or Estore. You can't take something that was never a part of God and celebrate that and call it holy. The Bible tells us you can't call what God has cursed holy. Well, if it's common, it's common. If God's blessed it, you can't call it unclean. And so, he doesn't bless that that doesn't belong to him. If somebody were to say, uh, we know now we're in a new month because the moon is new. The the Apostle Paul said, ' Don't judge somebody for watching for noticing the the the new moon. Don't don't judge someone who doesn't watch the new moon. We don't live by a lunar calendar anymore. We live by a solar calendar. We live by Catholic calendar. It was created and sanctioned by uh Pope Gregory. And that's why we call it the Gregorian calendar. That's what we live by. The names of the days of the week are pagan names. their names of other gods. And yet, how else would we conduct business? Wouldn't we get confused? It would be like running on central and eastern time trying to decide which it is. And so, yes, of course, we say Monday, uh, the day of the I'd rather not call it Monday. But if I came up with a biblical name or some name less pagan, many people wouldn't know what I was talking about. So, don't judge me if I call it Wednesday or Thursday. I wouldn't judge you if you decided not to call it by any of those pagan names. Do you understand? These are not things that we are supposed to determine for somebody else. Is that okay? I think it's good to look at it that way. These things these things different differentiation in meat, differentiation in drink, respect of the holy day, new moons are of the Sabbath days. There are 52 weekly Sabbaths in the year, one every Friday night at sundown. And there are seven other holy uh Sabbaths, high Sabbaths or festival Sabbaths that take place from scripture during some of the feast of the Lord. And you're familiar with that. Evidently, uh the church has not always been extremely familiar with that idea. And so they're reading to try to determine the day that Jesus resurrected from the grave. And they saw that he must be taken down off of the cross before the day of preparation, meaning the day before the Sabbath. And so the church decided in 3:25 AD at the Nyine Council, the same council that created the Trinity Doctrine, they decided that the resurrection would always be celebrated on a Sunday. Up until 3:25 AD, the the original church did not celebrate the resurrection. They celebrated the crucifixion and they did it on the feast of Passover. In fact, you can thank somebody like Polycarp. You know the name, don't you? He was the mentor, the teacher of Iranius. And Polycarp is one of the ones who stood up and said, "It's not right. It's not right what you're doing to change the days of the feast to make it more appeasing to the heathen, to the pagan. What you're doing is not right. And may God deal with you and judge you for it. Nonetheless, in 3:25 AD, the church looked at it and they said, "Well, the Bible does say the body had to come down off the cross before the Sabbath began, this being the day of preparation." And therefore they decided that he was crucified on Friday, rose from the dead on Sunday and called it Good Friday. For over 300 years, no one observed anything about a Friday, right? But the church decided and they decided also then that that would set the course of Passion Week. And so now for a long time over let's say at least 1,400 plus years the church has looked at it without exception traditionally exactly like it was determined at the nyine council in 3:25. Why does that even matter? We have the message. Why why would any of that matter? Because I hear brother Brandham saying over and over again all the way up to 1965. I've come to help turn you away. Yes, sir. from paganism back to the word. I'm interested in going back to the word in every shape, form, or fashion. If it bankrupts hell or hair lips the devil, I'm interested in going back to the word. And I believe that you are. I really do. These are not things we should judge one another in. We shouldn't have great debates and arguments and get mad at people and stomp our feet and post on social media. It is what it is. I'm not going to judge you for doing it your way. You shouldn't judge me for doing it my way as long as you can't prove that my way is the Bible way. And you can't prove otherwise. And I'll show you this uh in in just a matter of time. These are Look at verse 17. Here's the key. Go back. Go back, Charity. I'm getting ahead of myself. I don't have many notes. Only 102 pages this morning. We'll never get to them all, will we? I'm not exaggerating. Actually, it's 103. But moving right along. Uh he said, "Now, not in meat or drink, not in respect of a holy day or of a new moon or of a Sabbath day." Look, there's nothing wrong with any of these things. God mentions them all in the Old Testament. I didn't come to destroy these things. I came to show you what they mean. That's what fulfill means. Fill them up. Complete them. Hallelujah. and and and let them point to me. Amen. Uh I I once witnessed the message of someone who told me after listening to a few tapes, I don't enjoy Brother Brandham's preaching because he stays so much in the Old Testament. Isn't that interesting that people would look from the outside in and find he said I have to do that because he said I'm not a scholar. I'm a typologist. He called himself. That's a big word. Somebody told him what it meant. a typologist. I'm one who can only understand the word by looking at the types. That's what he said. And then when I look at the types, I see how everything dove tales together. Sounds like the working of the Holy Spirit to me. It sounds like it was a good way to interpret things. And it's only when we lean back on our tradition or or when we go back to what we have thought in times past that we can say things that no longer dovetail with the word. And I can assure you this morning without trying to offend anyone watching this service or anyone here. I can assure you the Bible does not support in any shape, any form or any fashion a Good Friday crucifixion. It simply did not happen. And if it did, then Jesus did not speak the truth. And I don't believe only that he spoke the truth. I believe he was the truth. He said, "I am the way. I am the truth. I am the life." Somebody said, "Why does it matter?" It matters because if Jesus is fulfilling the feast, not destroying them, but filling them up. If he's filling them up, that means he has to fulfill them. That means that if anything happens in his birth or in his death or in his ministry that doesn't line up with what the pattern that God has given us in the feast of the Lord, then something is a muck. Something is it's wrong. Amen. I don't want to cheat and get too far ahead of myself, but I want to now look at verse 17. These are if we are in King James which are a shadow. I want somebody to say shadow. Shadow. A shadow of things to come. But the body is of Christ. Don't judge people in meat or drink or holy days or new moons. Don't do that. These are shadows of things to come. And when the real comes, when the real image comes instead of the shadow, you will understand more completely and perfectly the shadow. And then you will see how that God is perfect. I want to present to you again a God who is perfect in all of his ways. A God who never makes a mistake. A God who never changes his mind about anything concerning his word. A God who is faithful and true. A God who doesn't care what churches say or preachers say, he's only jealous over his word. His word. I I want to be jealous over his word. These are shadows. If you were to look at verse 17 in in the complete Jewish Bible, it said, "These are a shadow of things that are coming, but the body is of the Messiah." And the amplified says about verse 7 uh uh verse 17, excuse me, such things are only the shadow of things that are to come. And they have only a symbolic value, but the reality, the substance, the solid fact of what is foreshadowed, the body of it belongs to Christ. Did you know, brother said, if you can't find Christ all through the scripture, something's wrong. you're not looking hard enough. He's there. He called the Old Testament part of the revelation of Jesus Christ. How could he do that? Because it's full of shadows and types and then antitypes and then literal images. I'm so thankful that we're not spinning around trying to only live in the shadows. If all you knew was keeping a Passover seder, you wouldn't know the whole book, the whole word. If you only knew that Saturday was the Sabbath, but you didn't understand that Jesus proved himself as being Lord over the Sabbath, then you wouldn't understand the whole book. How many of you want to get it all? I do. And that's why I'm on this subject this morning. And I know that again, it's not everybody's uh interest, but oh my, it's mine. I can't help myself. It's mine. Hebrews 10:1, for the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year, continually make the comers there unto perfect. It doesn't matter how many times a temple is rebuilt. It doesn't matter how many times we return to animal sacrifice. It doesn't matter how many years animal offerings were in place. None of those animals could atone for the sins of mankind. They were only a symbol of an offering given to God so that God would appease be appeased is what many people uh seem to look at it. But it's really saying, "God, I thank you that you've given me a way to put things uh away. I I I thank you that you've given me a way to separate myself from my own behavior, from my own actions." But the blood of an animal only covered the surface of the sin. It never addressed the issue and it never brought full redemption or atonement. How many of you glad that the blood that Jesus shed for us was God's blood created specifically for the purpose of redemption? And it didn't just cover sin. What did it do? It remitted it. It brought us to what? Justification. And justification is boiling it down. Just if I'd never sinned. Brother Brandham said, "You never did it. You never did it in the first place. It has been totally annihilated from the mind of God. Not just covered, undone, dissolved. Praise God. It does not exist. Now, if you're sitting in this service this morning and you're more worried about how people on the outside are going to be stirred about what I'm saying, you're going to miss what I'm saying. So for just a few minutes, would you forget your friends and family who might not agree with this kind of message? Can you just forget them for just a few minutes? Don't forsake them, but just for a few minutes, can you just not care what other churches are going to and all our secret streamers how they're going to process this? Folks, if I told you it doesn't matter to me, I would be telling you 100% true. If it's on the word, I don't care what they think. I don't care what they say. It's not my job to prop up anything that's not on the word. He said back to the word, back to the absolute, back to thus sayeth the Lord. I read this morning he said if it doesn't dovetail with the word one scripture uh leaving off another scripture taking up he said then you can't you can't build your life on something like that. So don't worry don't even sit here. I know sometimes even my kids they're thinking that some young people from another church somewhere they're going to really be upset and they're going to be so stirred about what I say. Let them folks. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. I only am here to do what God has called me to do for this house. If we can bless somebody out there, okay, if we stir somebody out there and makes them go and study more, and if they don't just look at quotes, but if they'll look at the Bible, if they won't just use the church age book, but they'll use the sermons. Amen. They might not find too much to kick against. Are you mad this morning? Not at all. I'm not mad at all. You can ask my family. I'm not mad. This they they will tell you the hours, the amount of time that I've spent over these last few days. I want to understand it. I want scripture to dovetail what he said. I want scripture to lock hands with scripture. If it has no foundation, I don't know whether or not I can believe it, much less preach it if it has no foundation in the word. Now he goes on but all these sacrifices in the amplified the second part said it can never by offering the same sacrifices continually year after year make perfect those who approach its altars. Now that word shadow that appears in Hebrews 10:1 and Colossians 2 is the word skia skia and it means a shadow shade or darkened silhouette cast by an object caused by interception of light. It means a foreshadowing. It means a vague outline. It appears as translated as shadow seven times in the New Testament. It's an interesting word and I I would like to talk for an extended time about it, but I don't have time to do that. But there is something that I would like to contrast it with. If you'll give me just a moment. There's another word that appears there uh in Hebrews 10:1. It says for the law having a shadowke of good things to come and not the very image which is the Greek word econ. That word eon is very image. It means very image. It means the likeness. It means a profile. It means a representation, a resemblance, an image. It's much more of a concrete word than shadow. It takes an image to cast a shadow. It takes an image in the light to cast a shadow. So, the shadow is similar to the image, but it's not something that would give you as full or as complete of a picture. It's only a silhouette or an outline. It's a shadow. Do you understand? But there has to be an image. And there has to be an image in the presence of light to be able to cast a shadow. That makes that verse live. For we have a shadow. We have something that has been cast by an image in the light of good things to come. We don't live forever embracing the shadow. We don't Jesus said, "I didn't destroy it. I filled it up." For teaching purposes, we mention it for celebratory purposes. We remember it. But the reality is, who in this world would want to hang to the shadow when you can hang to the image that produced the shadow? It's Jesus Christ. the same yesterday, today, and forever. But if there's something that we could use, study, pray about that would help us to understand the image more, then what would that be? It would be what the scripture calls shadows, types, symbols. Brother Brandham said, they've made interpreting the book of the Revelation so hard because they don't understand it's a book of symbols. And once you understand what the symbols are, then you can understand what the book means. Once you understand what the feast are, you can understand how Jesus fulfilled them. You see, there are many people uh in the world and around this message who are very satisfied for the preacher to say Jesus Christ fulfilled the Passover. And they amen and they have their quotes to support it and they move on to something else. I'm not that person. I believe he did. I believe he did because the Bible said so. Started reading it. That's how we started. I believe it because brother Brandham brought it out from the scripture. But I'd like to know what did the Passover mean? And how is it that Jesus fulfilled it? Well, I'm not going to spend the rest of my life studying Easter because I know that Jesus had nothing to do and never has had anything and never will have anything to do with Easter. So why would I spend my life embracing, studying, researching Easter? But when I find that there is something that points me and that I might possibly have the opportunity to understand more about the image by looking at the shadow, especially when the shadow is in the word. If the shadow was in a novel, that's something else of an entirely different nature. But if both the shadow and the image is presented in the word, I love to watch the Holy Spirit tie together. The shadow and the reality, the shadow and the image. I can't help the way I'm made. It makes me want to jump over the pull pit sometime when when it hits me how he meticulously [Music] if if I were to preach about the colors of the tabernacle, which I have, even the colors of the thread preached the gospel. Who would have ever thought that the colors of thread chosen to weave the veil would have preached a message, a gospel of Jesus Christ? But it does. So, I could get up here and say, "Even the veil of the temple and tabernacle preached the gospel of Jesus." And many would just say, "Amen. Praise the Lord. That's good enough for me." And go on. But there's always going to be somebody sitting here that says, "How." It It's not a sin to say how. It's not a sin to want to know how, but it requires some taking time to look at it a little more closely. For those of you who are satisfied with a two and a half hour sermon on Sunday and an hour and a half sermon on Tuesday night, you won't find this interest. But if you're somebody who has fallen in love with the word because you know it's a written record of a person that you have fallen in love with. It's his love story. When you realize that it's the greatest love novel, love history that's ever been written, love story, love letter that's ever been written in the history of mankind. And you'll know more about your bridegroom lover if you study, if you read the letter that he has left us. It'll make you want to look a little deeper. Nothing wrong with digging a little deeper. Somebody say, "Amen." I wouldn't be satisfied with just the with just the image. I want to understand the shadow, but I wouldn't be satisfied to just stay with the shadow when I know the image has arrived. He arrived. He came. He fulfilled the word. Hallelujah. Oh my. Skip page six, five, six, skip page seven, skip page eight. A shadow only exists where there is light. Got to have light. Christ is the light that cast the shadow of the law. And Christ is the reality and the fulfillment and the image. of what was cast by the shadow. So he is both the image and the light. Aren't you glad? Both the image and the light. In fact, the Bible said in him there is light and in him there is no darkness. No darkness at all. He is light. Hallelujah. The apostles reverenced and honored these patterns in Acts 18:21. But bade them farewell. This is the Apostle Paul, the first church age messenger. He bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep the feast that cometh in Jerusalem. But I will return again unto you if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus. This was after the crucifixion. This was after the resurrection. This was after the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost. And what do you hear Paul saying? I'd like to stay here with you longer, but I have to be back in Jerusalem at feast time. How in the world could he do such a thing? He met the image. He met the fulfillment. He met me the reality. He understood who Jesus was. Yes. But he respected every shadow. He respected every sign. He respected every finger that pointed him to Christ. Amen. And look what God had to do to get him. He had decided to make a hobby out of persecuting and murdering the early church. He was on his way with orders to kill more of the church on his hip when God said, "I'm going to interrupt him." And he met him on the road to Damascus. Who art thou, Lord? Who art thou, Lord? Isn't that what he said when God knocked him off his high horse? Who art thou, Lord? And guess what he said? He didn't say, I'm the Passover lamb. He said, I am Jesus. I am Yeshua. who you have persecuted. That's right. It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks. But I'm about to do something in your life. Saul Shaul was about to have a name change. But bigger than that, he was about to have a nature change. And because he was a Pharisee of Pharisees, no one knew the law any better than he did. So he was an expert on the shadow. He was an expert on the sign. He was an expert on everything that pointed him to Christ. And God was about to make him an expert on who Jesus was. And he cared enough that he met him right where he was. Blinded him, though. Blinded him. Because the reality is this, sister. You'll see him better when you become blinded to your religious nature. Yes. Religion is what keeps people from digging a little deeper. Religion is what keeps people saying Good Friday. Religion is what keeps people saying Easter Sunday. Religion is what keeps people saying Christmas is about the birth of Christ. Very few people really believe the lie, but they're blinded. God had to blind Paul and then send him to a dirty gentile to get his eyes opened. Ain't that just like God here? He sends a follower, a new follower of the Jewish Messiah down to a gentile to lay hands on him. Sends him down there to the house of Cornelius is what I meant to say. A gentile receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That was Peter. Let's move on. Forgive me, I got off. Forgive me. Here is uh uh uh another message. Let me go back and read 18:21. Forgive me. But bathe them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep the feast that cometh to Jerusalem, but I will return again unto you if God will. And he sailed from from Ephesus. And I read you at the beginning 1 Corinthians, for even Christ our Passover. Two times we have mentioned where Paul is referring people back to the to the to the type to the shadow while maintaining the reality of who Jesus is. In the message Christ is the is is revealed not Christ is a mystery of God but in the message Christ is revealed in his own word. Paragraph 143, Brother Brandham said, "All right, the entire Bible is the entire revelation of Jesus Christ making himself known to every age, the entire Bible." So, we already had the potential of the revelation of Jesus Christ from the beginning. But it took a prophet, no doubt in my mind, it took a prophet with a commission from God to come and tie those things together and help us understand what types and shadows and symbols are. Amen. And now we embrace it and we move forward. Jesus revealed himself through these shadows. And there's so much more that we could say. I'll skip another two pages, but I'll read a verse from Luke 24. I was going to read nearly the whole chapter, no time. But let's go to verse 27 of Luke 24. And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he Jesus, he Jesus expounded unto them in all the scriptures, read it for me, the things concerning himself. He meets these two road men on the road to Emmas and they're talking about these events that have unfolded in Jerusalem and Jesus begins preaching to them. And he starts where? At Moses. He starts at the shadow. He talks about the feast. He talks about all of the things that Moses ministry did and how God led his people out and how God is revealed in the Shabbat and how God is revealed in in uh Pesak and how God is revealed in Sakote and how God is revealed in a and in uh Shàuote and Skot. He he taught them from Moses and the prophets in the scriptures all the things concerning himself and they didn't know who he was. In verse 31, and their eyes were opened and they knew him and he vanished out of their sight. You know what it took? It took more than teaching. It took the Holy Spirit of God opening their eyes and then they began to understand what he was saying about himself. Isn't that beautiful? And then in Luke 24, it goes on, remember that these two men from the road tomus, they make it to the disciples. They make it on into Jerusalem and they began to tell the disciples, "The Lord is risen indeed and has appeared to Simon." And they told in verse 35 what things were done in the way and how he was known of them in the breaking of bread. They are telling his own disciples. And as they thus spoke in verse 36, guess what happened? Jesus himself stood in the midst of them and said unto them, "Shalom, peace be unto you." What what kind of excitement that would have been. Here come two strangers in telling them, "I I've seen him. I've seen him. He taught us from the scripture who he was. Our eyes were open as we broke bread together. We know him. We saw him. He's alive." And they're telling it. And you can imagine the different emotions that the apostles are going through and all of all of a sudden Jesus not even using the door appears among them and says shalom unto you. Peace be unto you. Oh my. They were terrified and afraided and suppose they'd seen a spirit. What are you tr what are you troubled about? And you know the rest. But look at verse 44. And he said unto them, "These are the words which I spake unto you while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, all things." Somebody say, "All things." All things must be fulfilled which were written in the law of Moses and in the prophets and in the Psalms [Music] concerning me. None of it could be left hanging. None of it could be left unfulfilled. And if it was, then he could not be the promised one. He could not be the Messiah. Do you know how important it is to recognize that he was the Passover lamb and that he fulfilled? Now, while I may not believe that Jesus fulfilled Passover by his birth like some people teach, I am quite sure that he fulfilled the feast of Passover with his death. I'm pretty sure. I'm very sure. Let me not say, let me say totally sure. It's not about becoming Jewish to understand these things. You know, all the people that criticize because we have the first five books of Moses up there and they think that's the most outlandish thing they've ever heard and it must be we're Jewish and and they told this young man who came here last weekend, you know, you you better be careful because you they'll try to make you Jewish. Let me take a breath. Let me get some water. It's not about being Jewish. It's about looking at the shadow. It's about hearing what Jesus preached. Somebody said, "What did Jesus preach?" Uh, he preached to them that all things must be fulfilled which were written in the law of Moses and in the prophets and in the Psalms concerning him. All of it. How many of you know there was no New Testament yet? He was preaching from the scripture, from the law, from the from the law, from the five books of Moses, from the prophets, from the Psalms, the poetic book, and on and on and on. It's not about making anyone culturally Jewish. It's about getting a greater understanding of who the Messiah is and what his birth, ministry, and death, resurrection, what it has really meant to us and what it means to us that he fulfilled it all. Every bit of it, every piece of it. Look at Romans 2 with me quickly. And yes, I'm rushing. Uh 28:29. That's why I let myself get off and say something while ago that I didn't want to say. For he is not a Jew which is one outwardly. Neither is that circumcision which is outward, the cutting of the foreskin in the flesh. That's not what makes a Jew a Jew. You understand that, don't you? Now he said, but he is a Jew which is one inwardly. See, there's really nothing wrong with being a Jew inwardly. Come on. And circumcision is what? That of the heart in the spirit. and not in the letter whose praise is not of men but of God. So if someone says to you, I guess you think you're a Jew now, just say, not outwardly, but inwardly I am because I've had a circumcision of the heart. Hallelujah. I was once a wild olive branch, but I have now been grafted into the roottock, sir. And the very life of the cultivative olive is now flowing through my veins. And I have nothing to apologize for. It's not about legalism or following a bunch of rules. I wouldn't have you to do that. It's not about always studying and understanding what the rabbi said. Uh they only had opinion. It's not about trying to follow modern Judaism because it's just as corrupt as Judaism was in second temple period. You wouldn't want any part of that. It's not about making sure that you light your candles to the right or the left or the left or the right. It's not about that. It's about knowing what it means. It's about knowing who it is that has come to fulfill all of those things. Do we mention them? Sure. Do we mention them? Do I try to abstain from from ham sandwiches? I do. Do sometime do we talk? Yes. But it's not because we want to judge anyone else or because we want anyone to become an outward Jew. But I'm interested in being one inwardly. Amen. Amen. It sounds pretty appealing to me. It gives me a greater appreciation for the work of Christ. Look at Philippians 3. And and look look at this in John 4:24. There's too much to read here. Too many scriptures. Who would have ever prepared such a sermon as this? Thinking they could read all of these scriptures. John 4:24. God is a spirit, and they that worship him uh must worship him how? Spirit and truth. Spirit and truth. Spirit and truth. Spirit and truth. Look at Philippians 3:10 in the Amplified. I finally just didn't put them. Sometimes I put scriptures in all three, but but for my determined purposes that I may know him, that I may progressively be that I that's King James. This is amplified. For my determined purpose is that I may know him, that I may progressively become more deeply and intimately acquainted with him, perceiving and recognizing and understanding the wonders of his person more strongly and more clearly. And that I may in the same way come to know the power outflowing from his resurrection which it exerts over believers. and that I may so share his suffering as to be continually transformed in spirit into his likeness even to his death in the hope that I may know him. In the hope that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings being made conformable unto his death is the King James. Now we can go on. I there's so much here, but I'd like to get to the message now. Jesus, the if I should take a title for this message, it would be Jesus, our Passover, the lamb who fulfills it all. And I want to show you these verses. We won't get too far. We'll be here Tuesday night probably doing the same thing. But it's okay. I'm not going to gloss over it. Spend too much time preparing it. So stay with me if you if you're able. The first thing we know about the Passover, the one that took place in Exodus, the first Passover from which we remember and commemorate and understand that Jesus eventually fulfilled and became our Passover lamb. The first instruction that was given to the children of Israel was that a lamb was to be chosen. The selection of the lamb was to take place on the 10th of Nissan, the 10th day of Nissan, which in Bible times would have been called the month of Abib or Avib. And it actually means the ripened grain. It is barley that comes to maturity at the time of Passover. Of course, not wheat. And so in Bible times, they would not only watch the the moon to see what time of the month it was, but they would not have the Passover, no matter what day of the year it was, no matter what the lunar moon was saying. They would not have the Passover until they could first go out in the field and find that there was barley that had come to maturity to be harvested. That would be the sign that they would know it's now time for Passover. They didn't have phones with calendars. They didn't have uh uh you know printed calendars hanging in their home and so they had to depend on what they had. And God said the first thing you're going to do is on the 10th day of Nissan you're going to uh pick a lamb. He goes on to say you are to inspect it for four days to ensure that it is without blemish. It would require a deliberate act of preparation. I heard R.J. in his prayer talk about preparation. It's important to understand that preparation is not accidental. Preparation is intentional. And God set the pattern in the Old Testament. If you're going to prepare yourself to meet the king, if you're going to prepare yourself to meet the Lord of the feast, then you will have to make preparation. First preparation is you will take a lamb on the 10th day of Nissan and you will keep him up until the 14th day of Nissan four days making sure that he remains pure. Exodus 12 verse 3 and 4 speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel saying in the 10th day of the month they shall take to them every man a lamb according to the house of their fathers a lamb for an house. And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls. Every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb. Now this was the requirement. Chosen on the 10th day, guarded for four days, offered, as we will learn in a moment, offered on the 14th day between the evenings. Look at John 12 verse 12- 19. It would be by temptation to go through the entire timeline of the last week of the life of Jesus. I've spent a lot of time with it this week. There were a few things I wanted to be able to see and prove from scripture. I wanted to know what I was talking about. And in order to do that, I made for myself a harmony of the gospels. It's interesting. You can buy them. You can download them. You can find them free. You can take it's very easy. A lot of times it'll just be the scripture address and it will tell you where a particular miracle is mentioned in Matthew, if it's mentioned in Mark, if it's mentioned in Luke, if it's mentioned in John, where it'll give you the address. It's called a harmony of the gospels. The problem with that is then you have to go and look up the verses and you have to read them for yourselves and remember what you read as you try to put them together. So I decided, although it would be very time-consuming, I would follow the Lord in the last seven days of his life, I would create for myself, not using any of the available resources, I would create for myself a harmony of the Gospels. It's over 100 pages long. And I would actually copy and paste every verse of scripture that pertained to a certain event in the life of Jesus in the last seven days of his life and read it at one time. everything that Matthew said, everything that Mark said, everything that Luke said, everything that John said, and compare it together in order to put together a more accurate timeline. You will be, if you were so inclined, you would be fascinated. You You can't remember all those details. I most definitely can't remember all those details. It was amazing. But that took several days to put together. And then I started on the timeline which took several days. I can't talk about that today. Time wouldn't allow me to. Perhaps even Tuesday night, it wouldn't allow me to. But I want to say a few things as I go along because it's going to be important for you to understand how he fulfilled how he fulfilled. How is he the Passover lamb? The New Testament said he became our Passover. How did he become our Passover? John 12:12. Look there. Be a student for a moment. Desire to look at it for yourself. Don't take my word for it. That wouldn't be good. Don't go hunt some podcast to hear. Hear your pastor today. Then go study it for yourself. John 12:12. On the next day, much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem, took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, "Hosana, hosana, blessed is the king of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord." We were singing Adonai. I don't know why Ben chose that. He chose an appropriate song. In that song, it says baruk haba bashim. It It's blessed is he who comes in the name. Barukabashim Adonai. Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. And that's what they began to cry. Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. He was riding on a donkey coming into Jerusalem on the 10th day of Nissan. The exact day that Israel was told in the original Passover to put the lamb, take the lamb, and inspect him for four days. What did Jesus do for the next four days? He was inspected. I'll show you that in a moment. In John 12 1 and 2, then Jesus 6 days before the Passover came to Bethany where Lazarus was which had been dead whom he raised from the dead. There they made him a supper and Martha served. But Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him. If you continue to read in John 12, you're going to read that Mary washed his feet. Mary anointed him with with oil. You're going to read that that took place in Bethany. The reason why we mention that is because it's one of those clues. It's one of those keys six days before Passover. Is that what it said in John 12:1? 6 days before Passover. We know that Passover begins sundown Nissan 14, which is the beginning of Nissan 15. Because in the in the Bible, the scripture tells us that a day begins in the evening and the evening and the morning were the first day and the evening and the morning were the second day. So just before the sun goes down can be Nissan 14 and sun drop down and it's all of a sudden Nissan 15. The day has changed on the Hebrew calendar. It's interesting to note that because by doing so, we know from Exodus that the Passover begins sundown on Nissan 14, which after the sunset is Nissan 15. We know that the lambs were killed, and we'll look at it in a moment. We know that the sacrificial lambs of Passover were killed between the evenings on Nissan 14, which was the preparation day for the next day, which is the feast of unleavened bread, which would be a high Sabbath. We know that from scripture. By by John telling us six days before Passover, he came to Bethany. We can count and we can find exactly what day he was in Bethany. He was there on Nissan 9, which was Thursday sunset to Friday sunset. In Matthew 21:8-9, here is another fulfillment. And a very great multitude spread garments in the way. Others cut down branches from the trees, strewed them in the way. And the multitudes that were uh went before and that followed cried what? Saying hosana to the son of David. These were people who knew he was the Messiah. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana in the highest. And then we go to John 12 verse 12 through 19 that we just read a moment ago and it tells us on the next day on the next day much people that were come to the feast. So we then know that from one evening we have now began to move into the next day which would have been Sabbath. It would have been Shabbat, which makes it so incredible that this kind of procession and celebration was going on on the Sabbath, even the taking of palm branches. Now the the the trees would have been trimmed and all the le all the fronds that were hanging loose would have been already taken down for Passover because the city was to be inundated with multitudes of people. But there probably wasn't enough time. Josephus said sometimes a mess could be left. Some of these things were still scattered underneath the trees. Here he comes riding, fulfilling a prophecy. Another one that we can't talk about now, fulfilling Zechariah. A couple of other places it mentions how he comes meek and lowly and he's riding this little animal into town and the people are taking, the scripture said, taking palm branches. They're they're waving them before him. Oh, it didn't take long for the Pharisees to know what was going on. And they're not just saying, "Welcome, welcome, Jesus to town." They're saying, "Save us now, Hosana. Save us now. Save us now. Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord, thou son of David." They are declaring him publicly to be the Messiah of the Jews. This is the anointed one. He has come and it's taking place on the holy day. On a very, very holy day. We know that this is a Saturday. It's Nissan 10 now and we move into crucifixion week and Jesus is examined for four days. Let me just give you a list of who examines him, but I won't be able to give you the references uh read them, but I can give you the addresses. Number one, the chief priest and elders examine him. Matthew 21:23. Pilate examines him in Matthew 27 1-2 11-14 17-26. Then Herod examines him in Luke 23 6-12. And then Annus the high priest the co-enhagel he examines him in Luke 3:2 and in John 18 verse13 verse 24. And then Caiaphas the high priest uh examines him. John 11:49-53 18 chapter 18 verse 13-4 verse 19 verse 24 and verse 28 uh of John 18. And then Judas 1 2 3 4 5 6. So as the lamb was examined for four days by those who would offer it as an offering for the household, our Lord, our our Passover lamb was also examined by all of these different people over the course of course of four days. Questioned to to the to the hilt, questioned, tricked. They did everything they could to catch him. And if you want to read some of that, you can read it. It's there. I purposed to read to you one Judas the betrayer the one who sold him out. But I want you to know that in the last moment after the betrayal had taken place. I want you to know what Judas thought about him. It's it's interesting to read in Matthew 27:es 3-10. Then Judas, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the 30 pieces of silver to the chief priest and elders, saying, I've sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. And they said, What is that to us? See thou to that? Even the betrayer realizes, I have betrayed an innocent man. I've watched his life and I can find no fault in him. Isn't that what Pilate ends up saying? I find no fault in him. Didn't Pilate's wife warned in a dream say to her husband have nothing to do with the death of an innocent man? Didn't the Pharisees question him and the Sadducees questioned him? And he was questioned of the high priest examined carefully for four days. The centurion examined him even at the cross when he said truly this was the son of God. The repentant thief is another in Luke 23:39-43 when when he says to him uh Christ if thou be the Christ one of the one of the malfactors railed on him if thou be the Christ save thyself. But the other answering rebuked him, saying, "Dust not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?" Come on. He said, "But this man hath done nothing a miss." And he said unto Jesus, "Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom." If you want to read what the Pharisees had to say to him, you can find it in Matthew chap 22 15- 46. A long a long interaction. You say you're the son of David, so forth and etc. A and it goes on. He quotes scripture. He's quoting scripture back to them. The reality is he was a sinless and perfect lamb. And that is the second requirement for Passover found in Exodus 12:5. Your lamb, are you still here? Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year. You shall take it out from the sheep or from the goats. You've got to make sure that the lamb you choose for your house and for your neighbor's house, if necessary, is without blemish. How many of you believe he was? Hebrews 4:15. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are. What does it say? Was he a perfect lamb? Was he a sinless sacrifice? Was he without blemish? John recognized it in John 1:29. The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him. And look what he said. Behold the lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world. John knew he was the Passover coming down the road. First Peter 1 Peter 1 18-20. For as much as you know that you were not redeemed with corruptible things as silver and gold from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers, but with what? The precious blood of Christ as of a lamb. What kind of lamb? a Passover lamb, without blemish and without spot, who verily was for ordained before the foundation of the world, but was manifest in these last times. I want everybody to scream out the next two words for you. for you powerful in the amplified verse 19 says but you were purchased with the precious blood of Christ the Messiah like that of a sacrificial lamb without blemish and without spot number three the third requirement the first was choose a lamb the second requirement was it should be a spotless lamb the third requirement the lamb should be slain by the whole assembly it wasn't killed by the priest it was killed by the people. Interesting to note, the Passover lamb was killed by the whole assembly. Exodus 12:6, "And you shall keep it up until the 14th day of the same month, and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it when in the evening." Can't talk about that yet. Acts chapter 4 verse 26- 28. I'll give you these, but not until I'm finished with them. But when I'm finished, if you want the notes, you can have them. The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord, and against his Christ, for of a truth, against the holy child Jesus, whom thou hast anointed, both Herod and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles, and the people of Israel were gathered together, the whole assembly, for to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done. This is the apostle preaching after after the Holy Ghost has fallen on the day of Pentecost. Acts chapter 2. He's reminding them that he was examined in front of everybody. They all saw him. They all agreed. We're killing an innocent man. And yet they did it anyway. Thank you, God. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Romans 5'8. But God commendeth his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, guess what happened? Messiah died for us. The whole assembly killing the lamb together types the collective role of humanity. The Jewish leaders, who you going to blame? Who are you going to blame? The Jewish leaders, Pontius Pilate? Are you are you going to blame Herod? Are you going to blame Caiaphas? Are you going to blame Annos? Who you going to blame for killing him? The only one you could blame is his father. Right. The whole assembly examined him, but his father's the one who not only didn't stop it. It was his idea. Matthew 27:22-25, Pilate saith unto them, "What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ?" They all say unto him, "Let him be crucified." And the governor said, "Why? What evil hath he done?" They didn't even answer, but they cried the more, "Let him be crucified." No answer. What has he done? Let him be crucified, they said. When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather tumult was made. He took water, washed his hands before the multitude, saying, I am innocent of the blood of this just person. See you to it. Then answered all the children and said, His blood be on us and on our children. What an awful curse to bring on themselves. It was a necessary, it was a necessary thing. Ephesians 5:16. And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity. Thereby he brought two worlds together, Jew and Gentile. Number four, the fourth requirement, the lamb's slaughter on Nissan 14, the Old Testament type. In the evening of the 14th day of Nissan around 300 p.m., the lamb was to be killed. That was the requirement. How do we know that? Because the scripture says in Exodus 12:6, "And ye shall keep it until the 14th day." Didn't you just read that? Yes. But the emphasis was on the whole assembly. Now, the emphasis on killing it in the evening. You shall keep it up until the 14th day of the same month, and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it when? But that's not what it says in the original. In Hebrew, it actually says between the two evenings. Now, gentile gentile translators in the time of King James would have had no idea what that meant in Hebrew, Ben haim, between the two evenings. So, they translated it in the evening. But in Hebrew it says two evenings. You know why? Because the Jews had two evenings. They believe that the first evening was at 3:00 in the afternoon when the evening sacrifice was killed and the second was at 6:00 just before the sunset. So when the scripture says that the Passover lamb in Exodus 12 should be killed in the evening, it really says between the two evenings and that would have been somewhere between 3:00 and 6:00 near sunset. So that's a threehour period of time that the lambs would have been killed between 3:00 in the afternoon and 6:00 in the afternoon on Nissan the 14th. Do you follow that? We know by the scripture that Jesus was crucified. I'm not even waiting on my notes, am I? I'm just uh speeding through. Sorry. Jesus was crucified on Passover Nissan 14. At the exact time I want you to say exact time. at the exact time the lambs were being slain. That aligned his death with the timing of the feast of Passover. He couldn't have been called the Passover lamb if he was killed two or three days after the Passover lambs were killed. Let's just say for instance, the Passover lambs were killed on Wednesday that week on the Gregorian calendar. Then our Lord would have had to have been crucified at the very same time, Wednesday. They couldn't have said, "Well, he's bigger than the than the type. He's bigger than the shadow, so we're going to crucify him two days later." No. No. It had to be precise. It had to be accurate. He had to fulfill it to the jot. He had to fulfill it to the tit. I know you already know this, but I'm here to tell you, he did without any shadow of interpretation. I don't care who called it Good Friday. It is impossible. It could not have happened on a Friday. Because you cannot get three days and three nights, which was the prophesied sign of Jonah. That's right. Oh, yeah. But the Jews counted partial days. That's right. But what about the nights? There's no way in the world it can be three days and three nights from Friday at 3:00 until Sunday morning 6:00 a.m. You might get parts of days. You actually only get a part of a day, part of a Saturday. I mean, a whole Saturday, part of a Friday, whole Saturday, f one Friday night, one Saturday night, and then after sunset. That's not That's not three days and three nights. If you called it three days, you'd be you'd be stretching it, but you could never call it three days in three nights. And did you know it was the only sign that Jesus ever spoke about that had to be fulfilled, right? He said, "They're always asking for a sign, but no sign will be given to them except the sign of Jonah." The sign of Jonah, as Jonah was in the belly of the whale three days and three nights, so shall the son of man lay in the heart of the earth. But I think brother Brandham said, good for it doesn't matter who said it. This is no, this is no reflection on anybody. It's tradition and sometimes we say things by tradition. Some of you will call next Sunday Easter Sunday. There's no such thing. But you don't mean that you're going to celebrate Easter, do you? Not here. You're not. You'll have to find another place to do it. I don't care how cute the kids look. I don't care how cute the Easter bunny is. I don't care how cute the Easter eggs are. Not here. You won't. We are not celebrating that here. But we might refer to it and thinking, well, is that Easter Sunday? We might say that, hadn't we? So, we say things by tradition sometime, but if the scripture doesn't bear it out, if the scripture says three days and three nights, and what does it have to be? I can feel you. I can feel some of you. You're already feeling your loved ones. You're expecting the call. Some of you are getting texts already. This is our life. This is the life we live. Can you imagine someone coming from another state to visit the church, someone texting him during the preaching and saying to him or why are you at Shell's? I hope somebody has the courage to say because I want to be. What's it to you? That that's how carefully closely we are watched and scrutinized. What does it feel like to be the attraction on the mountain? But I'm going to tell you what they hear. If they listen, they're going to hear something on the word. Jesus fulfilled it. And we know how this operated. We can go we can go through it. We know that. We know that uh uh well, shall I finish a little more? The lamb's slaughter between the two evenings. John 19:14 through 16. And it was the preparation of the Passover. It was the preparation of the Passover. That's Nissan 14. Nissan 15 is the feast of unleaven bread. Did you know that while Passover is a part of the feast of unleven bread, it's it's a separate feast. It's connected, but not the same. The next day, the first day of the feast of unleaven bread was a high Sabbath. There's seven of them in the year. And that's what they weren't thinking about when they said the body had to be taken down before the Sabbath. They're thinking that is the weekly Sabbath. They're not remembering that in the scripture it talks about the high Sabbath. The high Sabbath is the beginning of a holy feast which would have been the Thursday. So he has to die and be taken down and buried before sunset because that is the beginning of the feast of unleaven bread. The day he died, Nissan 14th was the preparation day for the Passover. And about the sixth hour, and it was the preparation of the Passover, and about the sixth hour, and he saith unto the Jews, behold your king. But they cried out, "Away with him! Away with him! Crucify him!" Pilate said unto them, "shall I crucify your king?" The chief priest answered, "We have no king but Caesar." Can you imagine the religious leaders, the priest of the works of God acknowledge the pagan Roman Caesar as their king? Look what compromise was required in order to send him to his death, the sixth hour. And when the sixth hour, Mark 15, and when the excuse me, 15 verse 33-37, and when the sixth hour was come, there was darkness over the whole land until the 9th hour. That is from 3:00, excuse me, that is from the 6th hour to the 9inth hour. That is from noon until 3:00. And at the 9inth hour, Jesus cried with a loud voice, eloi, eloi, lama sabakani, which is being interpreted, my God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? We know exactly when he died. He died at the 9th hour, 3:00 on Nissan 14, the day before the feast of unleavened bread. It's in the scripture. And some of them that stood by when they heard it said, "Behold, he called for Elias." And one ran and filled a sponge full of vinegar and put it on a reed and gave him to drink, saying, "Let alone, let us see whether Elias will come to take him down." And Jesus cried with a loud voice and gave up the ghost. 3:00 p.m. the 9th hour just after and Josephus who was a historian during the time of Christ records in his book wars 6.93 that's chapters and trackctates and verses fulfilling the exact time he mentions the exact time that the lambs were killed. And it was just between 3 and 6 on Nissan 14. So there it is. He fulfilled it. He fulfilled it to the letter. Died at the very same time. Do you understand that? Do you understand what I'm saying to you? Jesus died at the exact time that all the other lambs were dying. If we started looking and we can't today, but if we start looking at the things that happened, not just the earthquake, not just the the darkness, but then the earthquake and then the veil of the temple rent and twain from top to bottom and then the dead get up. There's no missing this event. God knew what he was doing. Are you with me? And then here's another type. Blood. Blood is a type. Blood is what caused the death angel to pass over the children of Israel in the first Passover. What is it that causes the destroyer to have to take his hands off of you? Don't you know he'd like to drag you to a devil's hell? But he can't drag you. He can't destroy you. Why? Because of the blood. The blood of the lamb. Exodus 12:7. They shall take of the blood and strike it on the two side post and on the upper uh post of the houses wherein they shall eat it. Exodus 12:13 and 14. Now the blood shall be a sign for you on the houses where you are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you and the plague shall not be on you to destroy you when I strike the land of Egypt. Look at Hebrews 9 11:12. See if he fulfilled. But Christ being come a high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building, neither by the blood of goats or calves, but by his own blood. He entered in once into the holy place, having obtained temporary forgiveness, yearly forgiveness, eternal redemption for us. Romans 5'8 and9 again. But God commanded his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died, shed his blood for us, much more than being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from the death angel from the wrath. How how is it through him? As the blood was a token on the doorpost, the blood of Christ is a token upon the heart of the redeemed. We understand from the message of the hour that now the life that was in that blood, the Holy Ghost has become a token for us in the third Exodus. And we give God thanks for that. Amen. Number six, no broken bones. The Old Testament type is Exodus 12:46. In one house shall it be eaten. Thou shalt not carry forth. It's 130. Thou shalt not carry forth out of the flesh abroad, out of the house, neither shall you break a bone thereof. These are specific instructions given concerning the Passover lamb. Don't take it out in the yard. This stays in the house. If in one house shall ye be eaten, thou shalt not carry forth no togo boxes abroad out of the house, and neither shall ye break a bone thereof. You can eat the the flesh. You must you must eat it all but you cannot break a bone to get to the meat. Why? It's such a specific instruction. This was not the instruction given about all the offerings but this is a specific instruction that not only says it must be without blemish when you kill it. Now it says that even after its death you must not break a bone. Numbers 9:12. Here's another another reason. They shall leave another uh scripture supporting scripture. They shall leave none of it until the morning, nor break any bone of it, according to all the ordinances of the Passover, they shall keep it. Now, if brother Brandham didn't have any respect for Passover, like some people would almost have us to think, except it was just a little bit of a glimmer of shadow and it's all fulfilled and no need to even mention it again. Why is it that he tells us in instructions of taking communion? Why is it that he tells us that we should take the bread that's been blessed and burn it so that none of it is left over for the morning? You do know that he taught that about communion. The bread, why? Because the bread is what we eat in communion representing the lamb. The bread is a representation of the lamb, the lamb of God slain from the foundation of the world. You understand that? And brother Bram's explaining to us the ways to carry this out. And he said, "Now, you know, that should be taken out and burned because the scripture said none of it should be left of the morning." Here is brother Brandham connecting the Lord's supper, the communion service to the my even though when I give you the timeline, I'll show you that the meal that Jesus shared with his disciples was was an abridged version. It wasn't the whole Passover meal. There was no time that would have been h that would have happened while he was buried. This was something that he did because he said, "I desired I desire to eat the Passover with you. This is the best we can do, so to speak. We're going to remember." And he did something very strange because he takes that third cup, the cup of redemption, and he raises it up. And what does he say this time? This was not a part of the celebration of the Passover Savior. He takes that cup now and he says this cup, this cup has always represented the redemption. It represents the shed blood of the lamb of the Passover. But today he said to them something entirely different. He said, "This cup is the new testament in my blood." He was borrowing from the old and yet he was making a new covenant that we could move forward with. Not destroying the old but fulfilling the old. So, no, it wasn't that. It wasn't the the seder meal because the seder meal would not have taken place until that night after the sun had set and it would then be going into the new day. But he celebrated this meal early with it. Somebody said, "That bothers me. That doesn't fulfill the tie." Well, that wasn't a required That wasn't required. The lamb didn't have to do that. That wasn't a part of what was required of the lamb. He was the lamb, right? All he had to do was bleed and die. Come on. All right. Here. Here is this. Let's go there. No. No bone should be broken according to all the ordinances of the Passover, they shall keep it. Now, let's see if that if that fits Jesus. John 19 31-36. The Jews therefore because it was the preparation that the body should not remain upon the cross on the Sabbath day. For that Sabbath day was an high day. Now we have that and that right there ought to be enough to show everyone that he didn't die on a Friday. But they would rather hold to their tradition. They besought Pilate that their legs might be broken and that they might be taken away. The Jews said all of their legs should be broken. We've got to make sure that they're dead and we've got to get them buried. Because this is preparation and tomorrow we begin the feast of unleaven bread. Well, really it's sundown. Then came the soldiers and break the legs of the first and of the other which was crucified with him. Why didn't they break his legs? They had to skip him. They broke the first they they come over. They broke this one. He's in the middle. We We've always come to believe. Why did they break his legs? Because he had to fulfill the Passover. You want to keep calling it Easter? He doesn't even know what you're talking about. It's like Polycarp. He said, "We've always we've always commemorated the death of Jesus Christ on Nissan 14, which is the Passover. Why would we want to change that now? This has always been the celebration, but it was the adulteration of the word. What else happened at 325 AD? Baptism was adjusted and the Godhead, a new Godhead was created. 3:25 was a terrible year for the church. Many, many compromises were made. It was decided from that day on that resurrection would be celebrated on a Sunday. it would no longer be announced as three days after the Passover. That's all the early church was doing was was just, you know, remembering it, giving God thanks for the resurrected Savior. But now we will separate it from Passover and we will set it by the sun to be on Sunday always, which shifts the calendar in all kinds of crazy directions. And that's why sometimes we have Easter a month away from Passover or Passover happening and it's another month until Easter time. It's because of what was decided at the Nyine Council. Does that matter? Well, it mattered to brother Brandham about the Godhead and it mattered to brother Brandham about the It mattered about the didn't it? So, so to me, I'm looking Yeah, it matters to me. It matters to me that Constantine decided that we will no longer associate the death and the resurrection with Christ with the Passover feast. He spoke it. It's in it's in writing. You can read it for yourself. We will have it so separated from Passover that it will have nothing Jewish about it. And we're going to do that to honor Christ and to and to forget the Christ killers. The Sunday Easter celebration was an act of anti-semitism. It was another act of hatred toward the Jews who they blamed solely, completely, totally for killing the Lord. You know better than that, don't you? Oh, they they made some stupid decisions and paid for it greatly. But Paul tells us they only did what they could. Their eyes were blinded. Who blinded their eyes? Not the priests, not the Pharisees, not the Sadducees, not the scribes. Who blinded their eyes? God. He blinded their eyes so they couldn't recognize who he was. Why? Because a few of those branches had to be broke off the olive tree so that you and I of the wild olive could be grafted in. Hallelujah. So don't so really we owe the we owe the the Jewish people a debt of gratitude and we owe Israel our prayers. He loved Israel above them all. Amen. And so uh but when they came to Jesus, verse 33, and saw that he was dead already, they break not his legs. Had they broken his legs, you and I could have wondered. We could have wondered. Mankind could have wondered through the ages. How could he be? How could Paul call him the Passover lamb? How could he be the one who was coming to fulfill the spring feast? How could his death secure redemption if there was a type broken? Remember what brother Brandham says about types being broken? Remember what he says about the fact that instead of uh speaking to the rock the next time, they struck it again. Did you hear what he said? He said it threw the whole thing off cater. Breaking one part of a tight can can throw everything off cater. It's as important as making sure everybody's sitting in the right chair. If a vision is unfolding, right? It's about making sure that if a service is to be what God saw that it was going to be before the foundation of the world, that you're where you're supposed to be. If he saw it and if he saw you here, then here's where you would need to be. Well, how do I know that? We must walk in the spirit. We must make our decisions by the spirit. We must make our choices by the spirit, not by our flesh. Is anybody here? So it's vitally important. But he said now uh found him dead already breaking not his legs but one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side and forth with came there out blood and water. Brother Brandham said that was his bride being separated from his side. And he that saw it bear record and his record is true. and he knoweth that he saith true that you might believe. For these things were done that the scripture should be fulfilled. A bone of him shall not be broken. It's right there in the book. It's right there in the book of John. Passover is fulfilled because the lamb has no bone broken. And then the then then the seventh and I'll close. I think I have 13, but I'll try to stop on number seven. The lamb was to be eaten as a memorial. The Old Testament type, Israel ate the lamb with bitter herbs, unleavened bread, remembering deliverance. That's what they were told to do in Exodus. Exodus 12:8. And they shall eat the flesh, that's the flesh of the lamb, in that night, roast with fire and unleavened bread and with bitter herbs, they shall eat it. Luke chap 22:1 15-20. And he said unto them with desire, I have desired to eat the Passover with you before I suffer. For I say unto you, I will not anymore eat thereof until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God. And he took the cup. Now, some would look at that and they'd say, "Oh, he's saying this is the Passover." When I read it, he's saying something entirely different. I would have loved to have stayed around. I would have left to have been here for the Passover meal. It would have been my desire. And I say unto you, I will not anymore take take thereof, eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God. So this was this was something like an evening meal like a seder. It was absolutely something that was on occasion done. It was done for special reasons. And I and I have no problem believing that that's what he was doing. Go going through as much of the story as possible. But it not being at the perfect time as the sun goes down on the beginning of the feast of unleven bread. He said this and he took the cup and gave thanks and said take this and divide it among yourselves for I say unto you I will not drink of the fruit of the vine until the kingdom of God shall come. And he took bread. He gave thanks and said, "Take, eat, or take this and divide it among yourselves. For I say unto you, I will not drink of the fruit of the vine until the kingdom of God shall come." Excuse me, go back to verse 16. For I say unto you, I will not eat more, excuse me, I will not anymore eat thereof until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God. And he took the cup and he gave thanks and said, "Take this and divide it among yourselves." And he took bread, verse 19, "and gave thanks and break it and gave it unto them, saying, "This is my body which is given for you. This do in remembrance of me." Likewise also the cup after he took the cup after after supper, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood which is shed for you." Verse 20. So it was bread now representing the lamb. How do we know that? Because he said this is my body. This represents my body. Take and eat this. So when we have that uh sacred moment of communion where we commemorate our Lord's last evening with his disciples, we are also commemorating the Passover because he is the perfect fulfillment of the Passover. If you believe that, I'd like to hear you say, "Amen." Amen. Let's stand. Musicians are coming. I'd like to sing the hymn. I remember. I remember. I want to tell the world I remember. Tuesday night, we'll finish this little teaching and we might speak a minute about the about the timing. We'll just say say it like this. If our Lord fulfilled the Passover, we know that he died 3:00 between the evenings on Nissan 14 as the sun went down. This was on a Wednesday. As the sun went down on a Wednesday night, Wednesday night would have been the first night. The Jews believe there were 12 hours in a night. We know that's not exactly the way it is according to the daylight. and 12 hours in the day. That's how they measure time. 12 hours in the day, 12 hours in the night. In fact, they called an evening time 12 hours and a morning or daytime 12 hours. They divided the 24 hours completely in half. So, we know that if he died 3:00 in the afternoon, laid in the tomb by sunset, we count Wednesday night, all day Thursday, Thursday night, all day Friday, Friday night being the third night. That's what's missing if you put him anywhere else. Three days, three nights. Has anybody ever read that in your Bible? Oh, you haven't? I didn't hear you. Well, good. I I I'm glad I didn't hear you because I'll read it to you. I'm pretty sure I have it here. Uh I I have it somewhere in the notes, but it's Matthew. It's in Matthew. Uh if you know, if you can find it quickly. I thought I had it right here, but I must have closed it when I got excited. You see where I am? Is it there? For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the Son of Man be. Three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. Somebody said, "Well, a few other places it just says three days." Yes, that's right. But that's not what it says here. Are we going to ignore this because uh it doesn't fit our our uh interpretation or are we going to say that this is kind of serious? Can you go back? Can you go back and and and give me a verse or two before that? Maybe I thought it was like 38. Is that 40? I can't see my glasses. That's 38. Go back a few. Um yes. Then certain of the scribes and of the Pharisees answered, saying, Master, we would see a sign from thee. But he answered, and said unto them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall no sign be given to it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas, Yona the dove. For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the Son of Man be. three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. Do you believe that's what the scripture said? So, Wednesday at 3:00, Thursday being the first day, Wednesday night being the first night, Thursday night being the second night, Friday being the second day, Friday night, third night. And how about we take this look while you're here because so many of you are missing next Sunday. Why don't we take this look real quick? While you're standing, stretch your legs. I I don't think I want to leave this out, but I've got to find it. I wasn't prepared. I knew I'd never get that far. Cleansing of the temple. Oh my. I'm just getting to I'm just getting to Habib 14. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. It's here. John 20 verse one. The first day of the week. Oh, you you won't might not even have it there. Oh, I must have it in the first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early when it was yet dark into the supplr and seeth the stone taken away from the suppler. There's a key there. when it was yet dark. We know it wasn't 6:00 in the morning. When it was yet dark, she came to the supplr and found the stone was gone. Look at the next verse. The first then she runth and cometh to Simon Peter and to the other disciple whom Jesus loved and saith unto them, they have taken away the Lord out of the supplr and we know not where they have laid him. Do you get it? Do you understand that he got up before the sun? Did he rise on the first day of the week? Yes, because that started at sundown on Saturday. But was it broad daylight? Absolutely not. The Bible refers to it in several places. I think in another place it's it uses another description. Uh very early in the morning in Luke it says they came. And in Matthew it says as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week came Mary Magdalene and then the Mary. But we know, we know when he raised from the dead. And so when we look at that timeline that's been fed to us all these years, we realize there's absolutely absolutely no way. If he had to fulfill it, he had to fulfill it all. Because remember, the resurrection was to fulfill the feast of first fruits. So we know exactly when the feast of first fruits was beginning. So, we know that he had to be up in Adam to fulfill the rest of the story. Isn't it wonderful that that God would give us these signs in his word? Can you give me the words to the hymn I remember? We're going to let you go. I know you have a war slap out because I am. Let's sing this old hymn. Sister Laurel, I know you know it. Cage probably never heard it in his life. I Let's go up just a little bit. I remember how my savior died for me on the rugged cross of dark mount Calvary. Oh, I remember how he died, cried, how he bowed his head and died. I remember dark Calary. Oh, I remember how he paid the debt for me. How his blood was shed on dark Calary. Oh, the blood of Calvar's brow. I still see it flowing now. I remember dark Calary. Oh, I remember how he blessed and broke the bread. It signifies my broken body. Thus he said, "Oh, this is my blood." He said, "And for many it was shed." I remember. [Music] Oh, I remember how he paid the debt for me. My God. Woo. How his blood was shed on dark Calary. Oh, the blood of Calvar's grow. I can see it [Music] flowing. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I remember how he wine that which is the fruitage of the vine. Oh, this is my blood. He said for many. Oh, I [Music] remember. Sing that like you mean it. Oh, I remember how he paid the debt for me. How his blood was shed on dark calary. [Music] Oh, I remember how he blessed and broke the bread. It signifies my broken body. Thus he said, "Oh, this is my blood." Oh, that's not it. Let me sing that verse again. Someone has transpose the words over. I remember how he blessed and broke the bread. It signifies my broken body. Thus he [Music] said, broken on the cruel tree hanging there for you and me. I remember dark calary. Oh, I remember how he paid the debt. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, this is Hallelujah. I can see it. I remember the last verse. I remember. Just remember how they pierced him in the side from which flowed the precious healing cleansing tide. Well, it was shed for you and me that from sin we might be free. I remember. Well, glory to God. I remember how he paid the debt for me. How his blood was shed on dark Calary. Oh my my my [Music] my one more time. I remember how he paid the debt for me. Did he do it? How his blood was shed on dark. Oh, this. [Music] How many of you remember Oh, it's why we're here. It's why we're together. I can see this this old song when we sing it. I see the saints when I was young. This was not a in that day. It wasn't a solemn song. This was a dancing song. I've seen those sisters dance their hair down. Oh, I remember how he paid the debt for me. I remember how his blood was shed for me. Oh, the blood of Calvar's brow. I still see it flowing now. I remember dark Calvary. It's good for you and I to remember dark Calvary. When a little couple, young couple have been coming here to church for some years. I'm not I've never been clear. I don't know how in the world you could sit here for years and think we believed in a trinity. Honestly, I don't think they cared. But all of a sudden, when someone mentioned to him we didn't believe Trinity, another critic, they just thought it was just uncchristian. And one of the things that he said to me in our in our interchanges with each other is every other church, every other church for hundreds of years has believed that God was three persons. To not believe it is unorthodox and uncchristian. And you'd be surprised how many people share such an opinion as that. And they would hear this this morning say the same thing. Good Friday. But the reality is this. Once you see that God is not three persons, you I don't see how you could ever see it any other way. Do you? Once that is real to you. And so when you hear someone talk about a trinity, you just say, "Well, yeah, uh, in the sense that man is a trinity." Brother Bram said that too. Man is a trinity. He actually used the words at I think at least once triunityity but he also said trinity which is three in one and man is that body soul and spirit but one person. So if that's the way God's a trinity, I'm for it. Father, Son, Holy Ghost. But then when you say three persons, you give this this a creature, whatever he is, you give him a each person a life of their own. And how do I know they're going to operate as one? And so it's important to know the difference. Amen. I don't care how many nine councils say otherwise. I don't care how many Catholic churches say otherwise. Hello. I have friends that wore the ashes on their forehead, too. Where do you read that in the Bible that you come on Wednesday and get ashes on your head during Lent? And yet, you'll see movie stars and newscasters now right on television, right on the news with the with the ashes on their forehead made in a cross. And they're very thankful, proud to show such a Christian symbol, not even understanding that it's absolutely bogus, fake. It doesn't mean anything. There's probably a lot of things we don't yet know. But I'm glad for what I do know. Aren't you? Let's come worship the Lord just a minute. It's 2011. That's not bad. Could be worse. If I would have preached for every hour I studied, it'd be a marathon. We'd still be here Tuesday. I wanted it to be right. And I do continuing going forward. I want to be right. I believe that is the mandate we're under to take it to the word. And if that is the case, then then R.J. in his prayer was absolutely right. Yesterday, I said to my family, yesterday, today on the on the Jewish calendar would be the day that at 3:00 in the afternoon, he would have hung his head, excuse me, and gave up the ghost. His spirit left him, and it was necessary. He became the perfect substitute for all my sin. He who knew no sin became sin. The son of God became the son of man. That we, the fallen sons of men, could become sons of God. Oh, what a great love story. Wouldn't you think it's worth getting it right? Ben, come and lead us in a worship song. I just want to love him. I just want to thank him. I don't I can't grasp it all the time, but today I'm grasping where I would be. Just think of it a moment. Where you would be had he not fulfilled it all the way to the letter, took it on himself. 26 times in a mass. 26 times in a mass, the priest crosses himself which forms an inverted cross which is satanic. The sign of the cross that the Catholics do is inverted and it is satanic. It has absolut absolutely nothing to do with Jesus and there's no concept of what he did on the cross. I would rather not have to find some symbol but I would rather know by revelation the reality of what he did for me and what he did for you on the cross. If you look at that evening where only two two cups are mentioned, it looks a lot like a betroal. It looks a whole lot like a ceremony where a young man would offer a cup of wine to a young woman. Will you be mine? And if there was no way that she could accept his proposal, she would push the cup. But if she would accept the proposal, she would take the cup of wine and she would take a big drink of it and put it down. It was a symbol of of saying yes to the proposal. I think that those disciples said yes. They were a mixed up crew. People have tried to portray them and and the best they could do is show them as human because that's what they were. But when Jesus turns to them and he says they're going to deliver you up, it's a different Peter when Peter screams out at the at what we call the last supper. No Lord, I'll never betray you. You know, I'll never That's one Peter. When Jesus turns and he begins to tell them, "You're going to be delivered up and killed for my name's sake, the shock." But now he's gone. He appears to him again. He has sinned. And something happens to those disciples because they were faithful to the end. If you study their lives, you'll know that they were horribly martyed, murdered, massacred for his name. Sometimes we don't even want people to know what we believe. In a moment that they could have denied him, they gave their lives willingly for his name's sake. You may never have to give your physical life, but the best that we can do, the least that we can do is to give him everything that we have. Lord, I want to live for you. I want to serve you. I could never repay you. I could never give you enough back for what you've given me. But I'll give you my life. I'll give you my yes. I'll give you my amen. And I'll give you my surrendered will if you'll come and use that. that the [Music] lamb may receive his reward for his suffering that the lamb may receive. receive his reward through me that the lamb may receive his reward for his suffering that the lamb may receive his reward. through [Music] me. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. that the lamb may receive his reward for his suffering. That the [Music] Lamb may [Music] receive his reward through me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. 10,000 praises lamb. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. that the [Music] lamb may receive his reward for his suffering. That the lamb may receive his reward through me. That perfect lamb. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. That the [Music] lamb may receive his reward for his suffering that the [Music] lamb may receive. his reward through me. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. You are good Lord Lord. Thank you. Thank you for your price. Thank you for fulfilling scripture. Thank you. Thank you Lord. Oh, to be a Christian, to be a child of God, to worship you in spirit and in truth. You're beautiful Jesus in every way. You're beautiful, Lord. So if it's right, his body would be laying in a cold tomb on this day many years ago. But he wasn't there. He was busy. He was preaching. He appeared in what we call paradise where the righteous dead were. Only a gulf separated it from hell. Brother Brandham preached it to us. when he appeared, the the Old Testament saints saw him. And David said, "He's the one I sung to on the hills." And Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego said, "There he is, the one who was with us in the in the furnace." And Abraham said, "There he is, the one that broke the bread in my house, my tent." Each one recognized him. He led captivity captive and gave gifts unto men. and taking the keys of hell and the grave and death. He conquered it all. Yes, he did. Hallelujah. But not until three days and three nights had expired. And then up from the heart of the earth, he arose. He lives today. He lives today. So when we come next Sunday, he will have already been risen for days. And so we ought to come, those of us who were here, we ought to come celebrate. We ought to come Tuesday night celebrating the resurrected Lord. How many of you believe he's alive? Would you just join your faith with someone near you right now? Maybe put your hand on them and just pray for their strength. Lord, as we leave this house today, it's not our desire to be different just to be different. In fact, it's just not easy. But Lord, we thank you for your word. It's life to us. And we ask you to strengthen the saints right now. whatever they face in life and whatever they might would face because of this message. I I pray that they will be safe and protected and kept in body, soul, and spirit, encouraged to stand on the word. And may they not feel obliged to argue with anybody or debate with anybody, but just to go forth and be the be the life. May we just be the life and be the light. It doesn't change. It doesn't change what was accomplished. You fulfilled it all. We're so thankful. Would you bring healing, Lord? Maybe the one that we're praying for right now needs a healing touch. You're the healer. You're Jehovah Rafa. Would you bring healing? Would you curse every symptom, the root, the cause? Let miracle healing manifest in their body for the glory of God. Lord, watch over those who are traveling and who will yet travel. We'll give you praise and honor and glory for it's in the name of Jesus Christ. The saints said, "Amen." I don't want to wear you out. I've done that with the preaching. I want you to have freedom to leave. You're dismissed in the wonderful name of the Lord. If you want to tar a moment with someone, you can. You want to tar a moment for worship, you can. But otherwise, you are dismissed to go in his name. that the lamb may receive. Oh, God bless you, honey. I love you. For his suffering, that lamb may receive his reward through me. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Go with a hallelujah in your heart. Go thanking him. Hallelujah. In spite of what day he died, what day he rose, he did. He did and he lives forever more. that the lamb may receive his reward for his [Music] suffering may receive his reward for me. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. that the lamb may receive his reward for his suffering. That the lamb may receive his reward through me. Hallelujah. Yeah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
