################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - New Wine, New Wineskins Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-13
Title:    New Wine, New Wineskins | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker: Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaJ3m_H06sQ
========================================

Description:
Pastor Steven Shelley explores Jesus’s parable of new wine and old wineskins from Mark 2:22, using ancient winemaking processes to illustrate spiritual transformation. The message challenges believers to examine their spiritual flexibility, warning against religious rigidity that prevents receiving God’s new wine. Through detailed explanations of fermentation and vessel preparation, Shelley demonstrates how believers must remain yielded and stretchable to accommodate the Holy Spirit’s dynamic work, avoiding the spiritual complacency that causes old wineskins to burst under divine pressure.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Maybe maybe a little tired. Oh, I guess it [Music] [Music] He joys ours to share. What rejoicing there will be when the saint shall rise headed for that jubilee yonder in the sky. And oh what singing, oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory hallelujah when we meet our blessed savior in the sky. It seems that now I almost see all the same day. A rising for that jubilee that is just ahead in the twinkling of an eye change within to be. Oh, all the living saints shall fly to that jubilee. And oh what singing, what a day of shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh my glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. When all the heavenly host we begin to sing. We're singing in the Holy Ghost. How the heavens will ring. Millions there will join the song. With him we shall be. We're praising Christ through ages long. Heaven's jubile. No one singing, what a day of shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh, what glory, hallelujah, when we meet our blessed Savior in the sky. Oh, sunlight morning, we shall see Jesus in the air. He's coming after you and me. He joys ours to share. And what rejoicing there will be when the saint shall rise. We're headed for that jubilee yonder in the sky. And oh what singing. Oh what a day of shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory. Halleluah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. Seems that now I almost see all the saint there. They're rising for that jubilee that is just ahead in the swing of an eye change with them to be. Oh, all the living saints shall fly to that jubilee. And oh singing, what a day of shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessings ain't here in the sky. And when with all the heavenly host we begin to sing. We're singing in the Holy Ghost. How the heavens will ring. Millions there will join the song with him. We shall be. We're praising Christ through ages long. Heaven's jubilee. And oh singing. What a day of shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory hallelujah when we meet our blessed savior in the sky and oh what singing. Oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh my go hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. [Music] Oh hallelujah. I give you glory for all you brought me through. And now I'm ready for whatever you want to do. I'm moving forward to follow after you. And now I'm ready for whatever you want to do. Your presence is an open door and we want you Lord like never before. Oh your presence is an open door. So come now Lord like never before. In every season, your grace has been enough. So I'm belieing that the best is yet to come. The cross before me and my hope on things above. Oh, and in you, Jesus, the best is yet to come. [Music] Oh, your presence is in open, Lord. And we want you, Lord, like never before. Your presence, oh, it's an open door. So come now, Lord, like never before. And I give you glory for all you brought me through. And now I'm ready for whatever you want to do. I'm moving forward to follow after you. Now I'm ready for whatever you want to do. Oh, your presence is an open door and we want you Lord like never before. Oh we want you Lord your presence it's an open door. So come now Lord like never before cuz I know breakthrough is coming and by faith I see a miracle. My God made me a promise and it won't stop now. And I know breakthrough is coming. And by faith, oh, I see a miracle. My God made me a promise. And it won't stop. Oh, it won't stop now. I know breakthrough is coming. And by faith, oh, I see my miracle. My God, he made me a promise. It won't stop now. I know breakthrough is coming and by faith. Oh, I see my miracle. My God made me a promise and it won't stop now. Your presence is an open door. And we want you Lord like never before. Oh, we want you Lord. Your presence is in open door. So come now, Lord, like never before. [Music] [Music] Enter his courts with race. Enter his courts with race. Bring him a shout of joy. Sing of his endless fame. For the Lord is good and his love endures. His love endures forever. We remember this. We remember this. Oh, how good it is to sing praise to the Lord. And oh, how great is the name above all names. From the rising of the morning sun to the setting of the same. And oh, how good that it is to sing praise. How good it is. [Music] Enter his gates with thanks and enter his courts with praise. Bring him a shout of joy. Sing of his endless fame. For the Lord is good and his love endures. His love endures forever. We remember this. We remember this. And oh how good it is to sing praise to the Lord. And oh how great is the name above all names. [Music] From the rising of the morning sun to the setting of the same. And oh how good it is to sing praise. How good it is. [Music] And rivers will clap their hands and mountains will sing their song. And even the rocks cry out. Creation stands in awe of the one who was and the one who is and the one who reigns forever. We remember this. We remember this. And oh how good that it is to sing praise to the Lord. And oh, how great is the name above all names. From the rising of the morning sun to the setting of the same. And oh, how great it is to sing praise. How good it is. Oh, it's so great to sing your praise, Lord. Oh, [Music] and rivers will clap their hands, mountains will lift their song, and even the rocks cry out. Creation stands in awe of the one who was and the one who is and the one who reigns forever. We remember this. We remember this. And oh how good that it is to sing praise to the Lord. And oh, how great is the name above all names. From the rising of the morning sun to the setting of the sand. And oh how great it is to sing praise. And oh how good it is to sing praise to the Lord. And oh, how great is the name above all names. From the rising of the morning sun and to the setting of the same. And oh, how good it is to sing praise. Rivers will clap their hands and mountains will sing their song. And even the rocks cry out. Creation stands in awe of the one who was and the one who is and the one who reigns forever. We remember this. Oh, we remember this. And oh, how good that it is to sing praise to the Lord. And oh, how great is the name above all names. From the rising of the morning sun to the setting of the same and oh how great it is to sing praise. Bring the music down and sing it out. Oh, how good that it is to sing praise to the Lord. And oh, how great is the name above all names. [Music] From the rising of the morning sun to the setting of the same. And oh how great it is to sing pra like that again. And oh how good that it is to sing praise to you, Lord. And oh how great is the name above all names. From the rising of the morning sun and to the setting of the same. And oh how great it is to sing praise. And oh how good that it is to sing praise. And oh how good that it is to sing praise. And oh how good that it is to sing praise. Oh that's how I feel, Lord. And oh how good that is to sing praise. How good it is, Lord. It's good. Oh, it's so good to worship your name. It's so good to give you the glory and the honor that you deserve, Lord. We see your goodness, Lord. We see your goodness, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. And all throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms made way for spring. In every season from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness. All over my life and all over my life. [Music] And I see your promises in fulfillment. They're all over my life. All over my life. And help me remember when I am weak. That fear may come, but fear will leave. You lead my heart to victory and you are my strength and you always will be cuz I see the evidence of your goodness. Oh, it's all over my eyes. all over my life. And I see And I see your promises in fulfillment. They are all over my life. All over my life. [Music] Help me remember when I am weak. that fear may come but fear will leave. Oh, you lead my heart to victory and you are my strength. Oh, and you always will be. And I see the evidence of your goodness. Oh, it's all over my life. Oh, it's all over my life. And I see And I see your promises in fulfillment. All over my life. All over my life. Oh, I see. And I see the evidence of your goodness. Oh, I see it all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment. Oh, all over my life. All over my life. [Music] I see the cross, the empty grave. Oh, the evidence is sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus, I see the cross, the empty grave. Oh, the evidence is sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. Oh, I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence. Oh, it's endless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. I see the cross, the empty grave. Oh, the heaven is sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you, oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness, all over my life, oh my life. And I see and I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over. If you can see them, bring the music down and sing it out. Oh, and I see good all over my life. all over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment. All over my life. All over my life. Like that again. I see. Oh, and I see the evidence of your good. Oh, I see Lord all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment. All over my life. All over my life. Oh, we see your goodness, Lord. We see your goodness, Lord. We see your goodness, oh Lord. From the highest of heights to the depths of the sea, creation revealing your majesty. From the colors of fall to the fragrance of spring, every creature unique in the song that it seems all exclaiming, indescribable, uncontainable. You place the stars in the sky and you know them by name. You are amazing God. All powerful, untameable, all struck. We fall to our knees as we humbly proclaim that you are amazing God. Indescribable, uncontainable. You place the stars in the sky and you know them by name. You are amazing God. Oh powerful, untameable, all struck. We fall to our knees as we humbly proclaim that you're such an amazing God. From the highest of heights to the depths of the sea, creation revealing your majesty from the colors of fall to the fragrance of spring. [Music] Every creature unique in the song that it sings. All exclaiming, indescribable, uncontainable. You place the stars in the sky and you know them by name. Oh, you are amazing, God. You're such an amazing God. Oh, all powerful, untameable, aruck. We fall to our knees as we just humbly proclaim that you're an amazing God. God, indescribable, uncontainable. You placed all the stars in the sky and you know them by name. You are amazing God. All powerful, untable, aruck. We fall to our knees as we humbly proclaim. You are amazed. Amazing God. Sing that again. Indescribable, uncontainable. You place the stars in the sky and you know them by name. You are amazing God. All powerful. Untameable. Aruck we fall to our knees as we humbly proclaim that you are amazing God, indescribable, uncontainable. You place the stars in the sky and you know them by name. You are amazing God. [Music] Oh powerful, untameable. You place we fall to our knees as we humbly proclaim that you are amazing God. Indescribable, uncontainable. You place the stars in the sky and you know them by name. You are amazing God. All powerful, untameable, aruck, we fall to our knees as we humbly proclaim that you are amazing God. [Music] Oh Lord, amazing. As we stand in your presence, we declare that you are amazing. All your ways are good. You are unescribable. You love us so much. Lord, there are times in your presence when we try to find words to describe your goodness and we just can't find them. Lord, we just want to tell you we are so thankful, so thankful for your goodness in our lives. [Music] We worship you Lord. Hallelujah. We worship you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we worship you Jesus. We worship you Lord. Would you just lift your hands to him? Raise your antennas. Let him just settle down over you. [Music] He can calm your nerves. He can bring peace to situations that you thought there was no way of resolving. That's who he is. He is the peace speaker. [Music] We worship you living God. We worship you Lord. You are amazing. You are beautiful, Lord. [Music] Your ways past finding out. We just want to love on you, Lord. We just want to love you. How marvelous. How beautiful. [Music] Lord, I thank you. I thank you, Lord. When we could not get to where you were, you came to us. You reached down to us, Jesus, and you strengthen us. You raise us up. Lovely Jesus. Lovely Jesus. Oh, blessed Lord, majestic king. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. All glory, all honor, adoration. Increase meus. Increase in me, Lord. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see. How great. How great [Music] is our God. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see. How great. How great is our God. Sing it one more time. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is all great, how great is our God. As we go to prayer today, the need that you have pondered in your heart, the Lord knows what it is and he knows how to take care of it. I know that there are needs all over this building. I don't even have to ask. I know there are out across the stream needs that I don't know what they are, but my Lord Jesus does and he knows how to take care of you. continue to remember Sister Audrey. Remember Sister Gert Hammond and Sister Terry. And would you continue to remember Brother Frank Christensen? We take these needs to the Lord for he is well able to do something about them. Majesty, worship his majesty. [Music] unto Jesus be all gloryy, honor and praise, oh majesty, kingom authority, [Music] flows from his throne unto his own. His anthems raise. So exalt, so exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. Magnify. Come glorify Christ Jesus the king. [Music] Oh majesty. Brother Hawk, will you come to pray today? Worship his majesty. He's Jesus who died now glorified. King of all king. So exalt and lift up on high. So exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. [Music] Oh magnify glorify Christ Jesus the king. Oh majesty I worship you. Worship his majesty. [Music] He's Jesus who died now glorified. You are the king of all kings. May we never lose an awareness. That's right. Of the value that you have purchased our soul, our salvation. Like in this moment we thank you Lord for eternal life. May we understand we we call ourselves the bride and Lord we're going to have your heart not just now but for all eternity. Anything that comes our way right now, we just surrender it. It's not that significant. The hardship, the troubles, they're designed for our good to lead us to something greater. [Music] Lord, we want you. We want to know you Lord. Help us Lord to know you by a personal revelation that we can see you Lord as our creator and as our redeemer. Amen. Like brother Gley he said there's many needs in this house but Lord you are the answer for all of them. Amen. Lord, we believe you're the healer of this physical body. You have purchased already the price for it. And Father, in the name of Jesus, we just thank you for healing our bodies. May our bodies respond to the truth of your word and of your character, of your promises. And Lord, that revelation that I'm asking for for all of us, it will help us with any battle in our mind. It does. It will enable us to overcome and see the power that is in your blood. Amen. That comes by your spirit, Jesus. It's that overcoming power and an anointing that you put in us. Amen. It's you. Thank you, pastor. It's you in us. It's the king of king in us. And then you become the king of our heart. Lord, what an honor to be called to be a bride. Thank you, Lord, for your affection to us. May we respond to your affection, to your drawing, to your wooing, oh God, and say yes. We've been learning, Lord, the offenses and all of that stuff that comes our way, Lord. We lay it all down. That old man is crucified. It's gone. It's dead. We are now a new creation. True. I remember brother Brennham said we are now we're kings. We are spiritual kings right now. We'll become kings in the age to come. May we may we get that eternal perspective that we're we're being trained and prepared for something greater. And father for just for this house for this body of believers. Let your plan unfold. Would you draw us together in the spirit? Would you help and give us grace to just to cast our vision on the things above? May we just claim and and take a take grab the hold of the promises of God for for us individually and for this house and may we move forward step by step following you by by faith following you believing you trusting you with everything. And so we just commit all of the names that were were named by brother Shelley, we we just lift them up to you. Have your way in their lives, have your way in the service. Amen. And give us the grace just to to expect more, to expect more for us individually, to take a hold of what is being proclaimed from this pullpit. Give us the understanding that we need. It's the only way to to bear fruit if we understand the word. Help us to understand. May that come and live it out by grace and by faith in you Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord for he alone for he alone is worthy for he alone is worthy for he alone is worthy [Music] Christ the Lord. Sing again. For he alone is worthy. [Music] For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. [Music] Christ the Lord. Will you give him another worthy clap of praise? We shout unto you, oh Lord, that you have given us the victory. Hallelujah. [Applause] You may have your seats today. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. He is worthy to be glorified, worthy to be magnified, how great he is. No matter what I feel like, no matter what my situation looks like, he is great and greatly to be praised. Hallelujah. We're glad that you're in the house with us today to worship the Lord. Uh we just honor each of you that have come. We say God bless you. We're glad that you're here. Uh Jessica has her son Trevor and his family with her today. We're so glad to see them. The Lord bless you. May the Lord minister to you while you're here today. David Stoultz in from Indiana. And somewhere is Lydia. There she is. That's his sister, Lydia. We're glad that they're here from Indiana. Sister Anita, it's good to see you today with your mother, Sister Dorothy. The Lord bless you. We're glad that you're here. I'm glad to be here with you. I'm glad he's here because if he wasn't here be wouldn't be worth coming. It would just be another lodge meeting. But we don't have a lodge meeting here. We come to be in the presence of the Holy One of Israel. We're glad that he's here. I brought him with me when I came. I woke up with him on my mind and I came to church with him living inside of me. And I know you did, too. Brother Cade's going to continue to lead us into worship and on into the preaching of the word. And we're here today to hear what the Lord would say unto the church. He did not quit when he gave the word in the book of Revelation. He continues to speak. He wants to continue to reveal himself to his people in the end time. Now, Leodysia is Leodysa. We live in Leody with Leodysia all around us. But the bride has been called to come up higher. And I've heard the voice that said, "Come up higher." And I will show you things that must shortly come to pass. And I want my eyes to see and I want my ears to hear what he would say to us today because he has something to say. And I believe it's a relevant say something for us right now. Amen. Brother Ellias, will you come? Carter, can I call on you? Let these two brothers go to you today for the tithe and the offering giving as unto the Lord as we continue to worship together. [Music] [Music] I have seen some pretty towns. Guess you could say I've been around. I found no place to settle down. There is a land. Oh, but I'm just a pilgrim here. I'm tolling through this old world of fear. And my time to leave is drawing near. There is a land. [Music] There is a land [Music] I'm home sick for. Although I've never seen it before. I've got loved ones that are waiting on that shore. There is a land and it's not a million miles away or on some far off trend. [Music] Oh, I'll speed up and they'll slow down cuz there is a land. [Music] What am I so homeick for? Just not myself here anymore. [Music] Oh, I'm waiting for that open door that leads onto that land. And someday I'm going to dry these weery eyes. Going to lift my head up toward the sky. I'm going to say farewell to this world. Goodbye. There is a land. [Music] There is a land [Music] I'm home sick for. Though I've never seen it before, I've got loved ones that are waiting on that shore. There is a land [Music] and it's not a mess away or on some far off distant strand. Oh, I'll speed up and they'll slow down. Cuz there is a lamb. [Music] What am I so homesick for? I'm just not myself here anymore. [Music] Oh, I'm waiting for that door. It leads onto that land. So I'll try going to dry these weery eyes and I'll lift my head up up on towards the sky. We're going to say goodbye to this world. Goodbye. I'm going to go to that land. Oh, there is a land. I'm homesick. Though I've never seen it before. I've got loved ones that are waiting on that shore. Oh, there is a land. Do you believe it? Oh, and it's not 1 million miles away. or on some far off distance. I'll speed up. I'll speed up and there slow down. There is a land. [Music] Sing this verse with him again. I have seen some pretty I guess you could say I' been around I found no place to settle down. There is a land but there is a land. Oh, but I'm I'm just a pilgrim here. I'm toing through this old world of fear. My time and my time to leave ising the air. There is a way. Oh, I'm going to go to that lamb. Hallelujah. For there is a I'm home sick for though I've never seen it before. I've got loved ones that are waiting on that shore. There is a lamb. There is a land. And it's not a million miles away or on some far off. Oh, I'll speed up and then I'll slow down cuz there is a lamb. There is a lamb. I'm homeful. Sing it with me. Though I've never seen it before, I've got loved ones that are waiting on that shore. Bless the Lord. Oh, there is a land and it's not a million miles away or on some far off. [Music] Oh, I'll speed up and they'll slow down. [Music] Oh, do you believe that? Would you give him a praise? [Applause] Wonderful Jesus. [Applause] Wonderful Jesus. Hallelujah. I believe you can do better than that this morning. I can't hear. I believe you can do better than that. Oh, we believe there's a land, Lord. This is not the end. This is not the end. Hallelujah. [Applause] I had a note from I don't know why it seems we mentioned uh Sister Flo's Brenda so much but I had a note from her one time and she said when I die would you sing there is a land I said well I've never s I didn't even know she knew the song I I didn't even know she because I wasn't singing the song and I said, "Well, I'll try to learn it and sing it." And I didn't think it would be as soon as it was, but she said, "That's what I want. I won't sing at my feet." There is a land. I want you to know that it's more real today to me than it's ever been before. It's just a breath away. Yes, sir. Uh maybe it makes a good fairy tale to you, but to me, it's the reason why I'm here. It's the reason why I keep moving. If I didn't believe that eternity was real and that Jesus is waiting on the other side of this with my loved ones, I don't know that I would have been able to make it this far. But it's that blessed hope the Bible talks about. The Bible warns us not to become like the scoffers of our day who say, "Show us is coming." And you'll hear people say, "Well, they've been saying that for generations. They've been saying that for hundreds of years. That's right. And it was right then. And it's right now. And one morning you'll wake up and you'll find that we're gone. Yes. Uh there'll probably be somebody here to open the church doors. There will no doubt there'll probably be somebody here who can have a little song or make a little do something, make a little prayer or something. I don't know what it will be, but I know what the word says. It'll be in a moment. It It will culminate in just a moment and we'll be gone. And it won't be a millions and millions and millions disappear like we've been told. Oh, no. that that uh rapture is for his wife. Hear this. And uh if you miss it, you you've missed a lot. You'll have to know that you have more courage than you've shown in this life thus far. The Bible said those who remain, who who believe, who want to make a testimony, will have to prove it by the giving of their life. I'm just telling you what the book said. That's no doctrine we're making up as we go along. Don't you believe that you can know that you're ready? Yes. Long before I ever called myself his bride, he called me that way before I ever called myself his son. He called me that. And he did the same for you. And it's a living reality. And if you're not ready to meet the Lord, you'll be lost. And you won't just be lost that day. You'll be lost for all eternity. There's no second chances then. It's time for all of us to be serious about serving the Lord. You are not here to serve yourself or sin. You're here to glorify the name of Jesus Christ. And that doesn't mean on Sunday only or Wednesday only or Tuesday only. It means every day of our lives. What a privilege to serve him. Give him one more hand clap. He's worthy. He's worthy. I don't care whether you clap for me or not, but will you clap for Jesus? Will you give him a praise? Will you tell him that he's lord of lords and king of kings? He's the melam. He's the king of the whole universe. He's s shalom, the prince of peace, the mighty God, the everlasting father. Hallelujah. He is wonderful counselor, lily of the valley, the bright and morning star, faithful and true. That's who he is. He said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." Hallelujah. He said, "I am the resurrection and the life." And he's worthy. He's worthy. Well, you all are getting mighty worked up, aren't you? Well, you call it what you like. But I'm thankful this morning. Would you thank God for the musicians and their their labor and those in the [Applause] those who are working in the sound and the and the video and the stream. If you are streaming this service on any of our down just a tad uh on any of our platforms, would you take just a moment? I know some of you like to be like Nicodemus. You you you like to come in the shadow of the night so that no one knows who you are. And that's all right. But if you are not a Nicodemus and you're not ashamed that you're would you just put your where you're from. Would you just tell us where you're from? Maybe you're streaming on the website revival.org. Maybe you're streaming on the app on your phone. Maybe you're streaming on YouTube or Facebook Live. Just put a little just just a note. Tell us where you're from. and uh because we don't have any way of knowing where you're from unless you unless you take a moment to mention it to us and we certainly appreciate that. Many times people will say, "Well, where where are people streaming in from?" Well, we don't always know unless you tell us. God is good. I know you're standing. Uh in a minute you'll be sitting. I'll be standing by myself unless you just want to stand and join me. But anyway, um we want to say how wonderful it is to see you in the house of the Lord this morning. I woke up this morning at 6:30 with heaven on my mind. I decided not to be a holy roller. I decided to get up, get out of bed first call, and get started on what I needed to do to be here today. This is the most important day of my week. I'm here to give God all the praise, all the honor, all the glory. I'm not here to impress anybody. What you think of me won't mean one thing in eternity. No need to try to perform in this life. Just be who God made you. Your reward is not of this world. It's out of this world. Amen. Sister Anita is Sister Dorothy's birthday today or was it yesterday? Today. And did I read it? 81. Sister Dorothy Hammock is um a survivor, a cancer survivor. more than once and a survivor of life. Rough, ugly, hurtful stuff. And she has lived as an overcomer by the grace of God. Fooled the doctors and she's 81 today. Would you wish her a happy birthday? Praise the Lord. [Applause] there for a while she would come to visit and she was looking lower and lower to me gray kind of gray in color but I tell you she she looks like a morning star this morning she's just shining hallelujah yesterday was little Charlotte Ruth's birthday and we're having a little lunch afterwards and the church doesn't we don't throw birthday parties you know for for children but just there were so many who wanted to be a part of this uh little miracle life and uh celebrate with her. And she's got more mamas than anybody I know. More aunts and uncles than anybody I know, more grandmothers, grandfathers, paps, and nannas and cousins by the dozens because we have uh come to love her. This whole body loves her and we are so thankful. As we prayed in the back this morning, my the words came out of my mouth, what what a bright future she has because she belongs to him. Nothing, nothing of any tragedy has altered her destiny. No, no, no. It's fixed and she will be everything that God created her to be. So, we look forward to celebrating her later this afternoon. Today is also Nikesha's birthday, and I see her in the house of the Lord. She's She's not as tall as some of them in front of her, but I see her. And it's also brother brother James Skip Yantis' birthday. He is in Texas, but you can tell him sometime that we wished him a happy birthday today and we're praying for him as always. And if our precious sister Tmaine would have lived, today was her birthday and she was born in 1930. You can do the math. She would have been she'd have been on up there. 95 years old. Wednesday is Michaela Faulner's birthday. Is that right? And you'll be 15. Wow. I don't know how that happened, but it just did. And Thursday is Elisha's birthday and he'll be nine. Is that right? Where is he? Will you be nine? That is so, you know, that's some people's shoe size. not mine, but it is somebody nine years old. And Friday is July 18th is brother and sister Waller's anniversary, wedding anniversary. And I had a wonderful conversation with him this week on the telephone. And we send our love all the way out to the to the West Coast nearly. Uh send them our love today. And if I have written it down right, Saturday is July 19th is our brother Joseph Ryder's birthday in South Africa. So we send our love and greetings to them today. We miss them and appreciate their love for us. Open your Bible if you have it. I know we're living in a day of of great technology and but I've been reading articles. I've mentioned to you that that we are becoming so addicted to dopamine and our brain releases an unusual amount of that stuff when we are somehow gratified by keeping up with everybody else's business. Isn't that amazing? You you you you actually now receive some benefit uh scientifically your brain and your body benefits with a wash. It washes over you because you are scrolling through somebody's life. Interesting, isn't it? Unfortunately, it's forming an addiction and that addiction is causing almost every person on the planet to have ADHD. I'm not making this up. It's what brain scientists are telling us now. Isn't that crazy? And there are ways that you can help help yourself. And one is if you will uh once a day make up your mind to read from a real page, something that used to belong to a tree, a real page. And you'll read, if you could possibly read for 30 minutes, they say that you will be actually healing yourself. And just not looking at a screen is actually good for your brain and it will help you a bit with the dopamine addiction. So if you've got a oldfashioned Bible, open it up. Just one verse. Mark 2:22. Mark chapter 2 verse 22. If you don't then you can use this screen up here in a moment. It will come up. This is uh red letters, words of Jesus, words of life. We're moving today because of him. In him we breathe, we move, we live, we move, we have our being because of his goodness. Amen. And no man putteth new wine into old bottles. Somebody said, "Well, that couldn't be wine. It would have to be grape juice." Well, all wine starts out with grape juice, but grape juice doesn't generally burst a bottle. some kind of fermentation is taking place in that juice. And the Bible said Jesus particularly he's talking giving several examples here. One is he said you don't take a new piece of cloth and and put that in an old garment or vice versa. You wouldn't take an old garment put a new piece of cloth in that. Uh it'd be kind of a waste. Then he went on to say, "And you don't put new wine into an old bottle, else the new wine doth burst the bottles. And the wine is it's not only spilled, it's spoiled." Unless you're going to lick it up, it's an explosion. And the bottles will be marred. I say, "But new wine." New wine. Somebody say new wine. When we read about new wine in the scripture, we read about the spirit, we're reading about the Holy Ghost or the Holy Spirit, as some people like to say. He's alive. He's not the third person of the Trinity. He's almighty God. Emmanuel once and now he's living in us. The same spirit that was in Jesus Christ is now in the believer. by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that's about as much new wine as you can get. And if you don't make some adjustment to your bottle, you'll burst. And the wine will be spilled. The spirit of God will be spilled. It will be wasted. It would be a shame for the very life of Jesus Christ to be poured out as a waste. He has purchased you and I with his own blood. We are no longer our own. Some people don't like that. They call that being out of control. It's all right to be out of control as long as he's the one controlling our lives. Amen. Uh he is in charge if you'll let him be. He's more than a comfortable shoe that you pull out when you need him. He wants to be our constant companion. Pray with me. Bow your head just a moment. Father, we thank you that you have let us come today. Worship has been nearly off the chart. I've been moved deeply. Every every cell, every fiber of who I am has been ministered to by the presence of Jesus. The atmosphere of your glory that has been in this room. It's more than an ordinary Sunday service. It's special. It's unique. It's a divine appointment because you're here and you've come in such a tangible way. You've made you've made the backslider uncomfortable, but you have thrilled the believer. You have thrilled the believer. And today, Lord, I ask that we everyone leave here as believers. No compromise in us. No shadow of turning back in us. But I pray that we will leave here today with our shoulder to the plow like it has never been before. Pressing in and toward the kingdom of of God. For we know, Lord, that it is now breaking forth in us. It's not us in the kingdom. It's the kingdom bursting forth in us. How we praise you. Come and sit on the throne of our heart. Come and be Lord over every decision. Be Lord over where we work and where we go and what we eat and who we fellowship with. Be Lord over all of that. And we'll give you praise and honor and glory. Bless our time in your word. I ask that you would arrest every unrest, every spirit that would be troubled in any way and you'd let truth come forth today piercing the darkness and setting us everyone free. We desire to be free, free, free. We ask for this help in the mighty exalted name above every name, the name chosen whereby men may be saved, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and for his glory. And the saints said, will you do it one more time? You may be seated. We are in a series this week, last week, week before. We're in a series, a transformation from the grape vine to the king's table. We're we're walking through the journey of making wine in the Bible. Somebody said, "Well, that's a silly subject." Well, uh I I found a burden. A burden found me a few uh weeks now ago. One that I couldn't shake. One that my tears uh remain behind my eyeballs all day, all night. Anybody ever had one like that? You just felt this heavy pull of the spirit of God within you. Somebody said, "I've never felt God at all." I pray you feel him today. I pray you feel. It's not about feeling. He's real whether you feel him or not. But I pray you feel him today because it's a wonderful thing. The Bible said you'll know you're saved because you feel a quickening. You feel a resurrection. in your own being in the on the inside of the inside. Well, this burden got heavy and I would often have to close the door in my office and just talk to him. And um I I didn't have much to say to my family. I I I couldn't help myself. It was just an assignment. And I just kept asking the Lord, Lord, help me get through this. Show me who to pray for. Show me what to pray for. Help me to be faithful in all things. Uh uh don't let me be distracted by Facebook or or anything else. Don't let anybody uh pull on me that doesn't need me uh really urgently. Let me just have a few days with you. And he granted that for the most part. And he gave me an answer. And it was an answer out of the book of Jeremiah. And it was a scripture that we may come to in a bit. how that Moab had settled in his lees less. It's the dregs. It's what happens when the sediment begins to drop through the through the liquid through the wine as it is fermenting. As the grape juice is being transformed into wine, the dregs begin to drop down. The leaves begin to drop down to the bottom. Now, in in biblical times, if you left wine in the drag, if you left the leaves in the bottom of the wine, it would contaminate the flavor, the value, and even the fragrance of the wine. We are called like wine, like grapes that have been crushed to become wine in the in the chalice, in the cup of the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. He desires to find fellowship and relationship with us. And there's so much comfort in that and there's peace and there's stimulation by revelation in that fellowship that we have. Religion is so uh unsatisfying. Church annity is so satisfying. Singing dead dry uh uh crusty songs. I'm not talking about hymns. There's plenty of life in an inspired hymn, but I'm talking about singing the same song over and over again until you you have literally sung all the life out of it and you come back and try to sing it again and it's lifeless because the spirit is no longer moving on that for this season. He may come again and use that again. But people get so um you know boxed in and they get so religious and what happens is they settle down in their leaves and the wine that they could be the beauty and the value and the flavor that they could be in the kingdom of the Lord. the cup of the king, it's now tainted by the things that have never been removed from the wine because the process of fermentation in the Bible was such that you're pouring from one vessel to another vessel to another vessel and each time you do that, there's stuff left behind. How many of you been through some stuff in your life and you're thankful that you left some junk behind you and now you come forward some newness in you and you start churning again and then you're poured out about that time you're poured out again and what happens then is uh there are more drags. You know, it's hard to believe that that that I was that rotten that God had to just keep pouring me out and pouring me out, leaving behind every time that which was unlike him. You know, it doesn't matter to me how many vessels it takes. Doesn't matter to me how many years it takes. Before I leave here, I want to be just like him. Amen. It's the only way. He said, "We're going to see him. When we see him, we're going to know him because we'll be like him." Amen. Is that Bible? Yes, sir. It certainly is. Now, in Jewish tradition, they they write about this a lot in the in Midrash, which is uh discussions over the scripture. And they tell us that freshly pressed juice even before fermentation becomes titheable. We preached that the the moment fermentation visibly begins when you see that grape juice begin to bubble, you know that wine is in the making. And according to Leviticus, that portion wine already belongs to the Lord. It's already his. It's used for his service. And this often fermentation often started in the first day of the pressing because it was warm in the Middle East. And it still is. Once fermentation began, the juice was no longer just fruit. It now became an increase from the fruit. So they tithe the increase of the fruit. Now the same fruit has become juice. Same fruit. And the juice now is becoming wine. And guess what you do? Tithe. You tithe again. You tithe on the increase of the grapes. Now you tithe on the increase of the wine. And you move forward. And just as Israel tithed their first and their best, including grapes, including wine. We are tithing in some way. not only our finance, our time, our prayers, our efforts for the Lord and the ministry, but we're also uh we're also sort of offering up the the first fruits of what's happening as we begin that process of being transformed into his image. Sometimes it comes out a little immature. Sometimes we do things as baby Christians that we wouldn't do as more mature Christians. Amen. And God is gracious. Help me. He's gracious. He's merciful. He doesn't expect you to be uh all that you're going to be overnight. You know, you didn't get to be so messed up overnight, nor I. And we're not going to be fixed just like him overnight. It's a process. But we don't wait until we come forth in his image to give him something. Amen. So today we're here tithing a portion of where God has brought us from. We're offering it up to him as a shout, as an uplifted hand, as a clap, as a hallelujah, as a praise the Lord. Somebody danced a little bit, somebody walked a little bit, somebody moved a little bit. All of that an offering, a tithe to the Lord. You're not saying, "I'm there. I've arrived. I'm better than anybody else in the house." You're saying, "Lord, you've been so good to me when I didn't deserve it. You've been so good to me when I didn't deserve it. And today, I'm going to praise you, not because I'm anything, but because you're everything. You deserve the highest praise. So Lord, if you can receive any honor, any glory from a broken vessel such as these, then we want it to be unto you. Brother Brandon would always tell us, you know, uh quoting that we are not what we ought to be, maybe not yet what we want to be, but we've got something to celebrate. Just like that first bubble in the juice. That's not telling you it's ready to drink yet. It's not telling you that the king wants to dip his cup in that. But what it is telling you is the process has begun. So he deserves that. Give him some of that. He wants some of that first praise. Somebody said, "I don't know very much about this, that, or the other. I'm just a baby. Just a new Christian. just don't know. Well, don't let that worry you. Everybody started out that way and and as soon as they get there, they wish they'd have paid more attention all the times. They tuned the preaching out and and didn't read the Bible, read all the Western books and all the true romance books and watched all the vampire love stories and the things the world gets so crazy about. Can you imagine the world gets so crazy over love affairs between werewolves and hello walking dead and all the kind zombies and all the kind of things they talk about in this life. You and I miss our opportunity to feast on the word of God and we're going to know it one day. None of that will give us strength to stand in the last day. destiny won't be there to help you. When you stand to overcome in the last day, anybody help me. Well, you're preaching against everything. Actually, I'm not preaching against anything. That's true. I'm preaching for something. I'm telling you, your strength comes from the Lord. If you think your smarts is going to get you through, it'll fail. Why? There's computers smarter than me. Hello. If I get through this, it'll be by the help and the grace of God. It'll be because the spirit of the Lord lives inside of me. Amen. So, even the juice when it starts to ferment belongs to him. Before we're fully finished, we yield the process to the Lord. And we do that by saying, "Lord, I want to thank you for where you've brought me from." Anybody got something to thank him for? Yes. You brought me, as the old-timer used to say, you brought me a mighty long way. I want to know, can you really say that? Is there anybody here that feels like you've really been brought a mighty long way? Then you could quote another old-timer. You You could say, "I'm waiting down here at the river, waiting to cross. Will you come help me, Jesus?" And he will. Amen. The same God who brought you this far will take you all the way if you'll put your trust in him. So after that wine tithe was taken off of the first juice that was beginning to ferment fermentation takes a shift and it starts becoming more violent. Violent. Yes. Violent pressure. Fermentation is not just bubbles. It's a tremendous amount of pressure. And Jesus said, if you take new wine that's still in the beginning days of fermentation and you try to put that in an old vessel, the old vessel who's been through so much already, it will never be able to withstand the pressure that builds up in the process of transforming the juice to wine. So you got to be careful what kind of vessel. So in reality before we receive the new wine there has to be a sanctifying work take place in our life. Somebody said what does sanctification mean? I think brother Brandham had the best explanation of sanctification that uh of anybody I've ever heard. He said, "It's like you go out off the the steps or the porch of the farmhouse and you look over there in the yard where their kids have been playing and you see a a little something sticking out." And he said, "It's a glass. It's one of mama's glasses from inside, a drinking glass." And maybe the kids I I know I was bad about uh scattering stuff at my grandmother's house. And you find it, oh, it's a glass. And he said, "You you you don't just dig that out of the dirt and take it in, fill it up with milk, and drink out of it. Not after it's been laying out there in the yard and it's got all dirty and cruddy and no telling what's crawled through it, you know, into it." And and it's almost it's almost uh, you know, you're almost thinking you ought to just toss it, but you know, it's just a maybe it's just a grape jar anyway. Maybe it's just a jelly jar. I know you all were wealthy. I know you all came from big fancy families. And you didn't drink out of mason jars like we did. And you never drank your juice out of a great jar, a grape jelly jar, did you? No, not you folk. But but but I did. And today, uh I went to the cabinet last night to get to get a glass and and I said, "Honey, where are my glasses?" She said, "Oh, they're in the dishwasher. I only have a couple of them and they're real tall." Mason jars about that tall. And she we've got Crystal. We We've got uh my glasses, her glasses, everybody's gl M some of Ma's glasses. We got plenty of things to drink out of. But I like my tall sort of slimmer mason jars. I I like it makes things colder. When you put ice in glass, it's colder. I go to countries, they want to give me a styrofoam cup. Don't give me a styrofoam cup. Give me a glass. So you take that jar out of the dirt and you bring it inside. You don't pour milk in it. You got to do something to it first. He said, "Now when you dug it up, you took it up out of the dirt." He said, "That's like that's like salvation. That's like redemption. That that glass would be forgotten. It'd be lost. But you picked it up, knocked off some of the dirt." That's what the Lord does. Amen. starts us toward the process of being usable again. We were once usable in his mind before the foundation of the world. He had a plan for us and our life took us in another direction. So now he picks us up out of the farmyard and he begins to knock us off a and get us ready to take inside. But he doesn't start pouring wine. Let's say, can you imagine wine in a mason jar? Anyway, milk and a and a glass like that that's come out of the yard and and No, no, no, no, no. Now it's got to be scoured. It's got to be really clean. Now, going to take some soap. Going to take some Dawn detergent. I want you to know some of your fancymancy uh organic all natural Amazon purchases uh dishwashing stuff. May not get it clean enough. You might have I know this is not much of an advertisement, is it? You you you may need you some of that old Dawn liquid detergent. got so many chemicals in it, nothing's going to stay on your dish. It'll burn them right off probably. You scrub that thing. That's brother Bannon said that's like sanctification. You you really get it all cleaned up. Then you pour something in it. He said now you're pouring in. That's like the Holy Ghost. You're not worthy fit to be filled up when you're laying out there in the dirt. You got to be picked up out of that dirt. Thank God he justified us. Amen. Thank God he redeemed us out of our sinful, dirty yard mess. And then you got to go through the process of scouring out. Thank God he sanctified us with the washing of the water of the word. And we're still in that sanctification process. Now we really are. But by grace, by mercy, he baptized us with the Holy Ghost because he saw our heart. There's some people think you've got to be clean enough, perfect enough, holy enough. Let me tell you something. And God will give you his spirit if you're sincere enough and if your heart is fixed on him. But that doesn't mean you can keep on doing the things you've been doing. He gives you the Holy Ghost to give you what? He said you shall be endued with what? Power. Power. Power in the Greek dunamis. It's the word from which we get dynamite. You're going to have dynamite put in you. My Holy Ghost is going to come and live inside of you. So we are saved, justified, redeemed by the grace and by the purchase price of the blood of the lamb. We are sanctified by the washing of the water of the word and we are put in service as we are filled with the Holy Ghost. So this is just a process. We may not be all the way there yet, but tell them when you saw me. Tell them when you saw me, I was on my way. I tell you what I'm not doing. I'm not sitting there, why should we just sit here till we die. I'm not just sitting somewhere uh seeing just how stagnant I can be, how static I can be. I'm going to move. I'm going to move when he moves. How many of you want to move when the spirit of the Lord When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart? I will dance like David dance. I don't care what you think about it. I don't care what it looks like to the world. When the spirit of God falls on my heart, I'm going to dance like David dance. I'll shout like David shouted. Somebody said it's too noisy over there. Don't go to hell and don't go to heaven. This is the quietest world you'll ever live in. Because I guarantee you when those when those beautiful home gates click behind your heels, even a Methodist, even a Baptist, even a Church of Christ, if any of them make it all the way, just like if you and I make it all the way. It It'll make you want to holler. It'll make you want to get a little excited. Amen. What I have, what I feel, what's inside of me is better than SEC football. Yeah, it's better than the great big boxing matches of this world. This is life. And we're in a process of becoming uh what the king would desire for us to be. But once that fermentation starts getting a little more violent, uh you got to be careful where you put it. You're not going to want to put it in an old bottle. You're going to want to put it in a new bottle when that secondary fermentation starts taking place. Are you following me? So wine begins its fermentation process in a dark sealed place where the wine is changed over time and in stillness. Don't get in a hurry. I shouldn't tell some of you not to get in a hurry because some of you already move like molasses in the winter. I mean spiritually. You can't rush God. If sister if Sister Crawford was here, she's there. She don't care. She's there. She made it all the way over. But if she was here this morning, she'd kick her little shoe and and sing, "You can't hurry, God. You just got to wait. You You You can't rush the process. You've just got to yield to the process." Somebody said, "I don't even know how to do that." Praise the Lord in the storm. Praise him in the rain. Praise him in the good time. Praise him in the hard time. Hello. I don't want you sleeping in here this morning. I want you to be awake because I want you to understand you don't wait till you get it all to praise him. Got to praise him now. Got to praise him now. What's somebody going to think of me? You'll never be anybody for God until you get to the place where you don't care what somebody else thinks about your praise. We're not all going to praise alike, but we're going to praise him. Amen. I don't care if it hair liips the devil and bankrupts hell. I'm going to praise him. Jerry's going to praise the Lord. He's going to praise the Lord whether we like it, whether we don't like it, whether the devil don't like it. Come on. Because God's been good to him. You and I, the same way he's been good to us. So, the first initial fermentation, as we looked at last week, it takes place in the Yakub, which is the second vat of the wine press. Would you put up that picture, wine press one? Uh would you put that up there? And let's just be reminded. You see, uh up at the top is where they stomp on the grapes. And then there's a channel that leads down into the lower vat, the ye in Hebrew. And we mentioned to you that there are these uh lids. Do you see the split lid there? And and that lid will be laid on top of that lower vat for the first process of fermentation to begin to take place. It's not nearly as violent there. It has some room to expand. You see that vat is large and it it begins its process of transformation both in darkness and in a in a relatively sealed environment where where no uh insect is getting in and no extra dirt uh is getting in it. It's got to be a somewhat a pure environment because fermentation is a natural process of yeast that is building up and it starts slow and just a little and it starts expanding and as that natural yeast begins to expand through the juice that fermentation process takes place. We call that lower vat the King James version of the Bible calls that lower vat uh the the wine fat. It's called the wine fat F A or the press fat F A because it is the results of the pressing. The crushed juice can also be poured into a separate vessel for additional fermentation. It would mostly most usually be an earthn jar, but in in some cases uh it could be a skin for for a shorter duration. At the end of 40 days, stay with me. We're going somewhere. At the end of 40 days, it was regarded as properly wine, and it could then be offered by the priest as a drink offering unto the Lord. Now, the Lord's already got three portions out of this juice. Same same grapes. He got the first portion of the grapes. When the fermentation process started, he got the first process of that. The first tithe of that, he got that. And that is what it is. It's like a preserved grape juice. And this is most likely what was what was uh uh drank more commonly in the time of the Bible. Yes, enough fermentation in it to uh purify it and to keep it from spoiling as rapidly, but not enough fermentation to to drink a one glass and be buzzed or drunk or feel inebriated by it. And so I don't care how many Baptist commentaries will tell you that there was no fermentation in the juice. Anybody that's ever been to that part of the world knows you're not keeping grape juice overnight in that hot climate. You're not going to have you're not going to have vinegar first. You're going to have mold. Mold is going to be and I don't see the disciples drinking mold on top of their juice. So, it was new wine, meaning juice that had just began the fermentation process. Now, we're going to eventually pour that wine out of that lower vat, and we're going to start putting it either in a clay vessel or in a skin. And guess what? The Lord gets the first portion of that. Same grapes, same juice, same wine. Now, he gets a portion of that. Is God greedy? I don't think he's greedy at all. I think he just wants to look for ways to bless us. Do you believe Israel got a blessing every time they gave God what was his? I know they did. I know they did. The Bible's clear about that, isn't it? And so there there were some other ways. I'll show you this in just a minute. So at the end of the 40 days, the Lord gets a drink offering. The the practice after this point seems to be varied a little bit depending on what kind of wine was being made and in what area of the Middle East it was being made in. The leaving the wine in the fermentation vessel usually would interfere with its improvement. It would begin to degenerate. So they wanted to after 40 days they wanted to transfer it into either as I said a clay vessel an amphora or into a wine skin. Not every jar was fit. If it was going to be a w a vessel used for fermentation, it had to be clean. It had to be sound. And it had to be uncracked because if it was clean, the dirt, the residue would hinder the process. You got to be clean. Who will ascend the holy hill of the Lord? Pure heart, clean hands. Somebody say, "Amen." You got to be sound. You've got to be in your right mind. Everybody thinks they are. Mental illness is an epidemic in this nation. Part of the epidemic of mental illness is related to dopamine addiction. The the rewiring of the brain by artificial intelligence and by the means of which we get our dopamine fix. The rewiring of the brain is causing an epidemic of one form or another of mental illness. And that can that can range from from schizophrenia all the way down to narcissistic syndrome and beyond. It's mental illness. It's unwellness. And and there's a promise in the word that you don't have to live like that. You don't have to live the rest of your life in PTSD. You don't have to you don't have to live the rest of your life with an overactive stress response. There's something to heal you. Every stripe he took on his back. You shouldn't have to live your whole life with panic attacks and with anxiety and and uncontrollable depression. His word has come to heal us. It may be a process. It may not be overnight, but God knows how. We know that God is so good. He created the brain with the ability for the brain to heal itself. Epigenetics. And this epigenetics was one time considered something that wasn't possible. But God is good. He told us in his word all along that if our mind would stay on him. This is a neuroplasticity that we're talking about. If our mind was stayed on him, he said if your mind is stay I will keep him. I will keep her in perfect peace. whose mind is stayed on on him on me. He said, and I believe that with all my heart that we can be healed from it. And being someone who has dealt with depression, being with someone who was diagnosed with with a with an overactive stress response, I understand and many others here understand what it can feel like and what it can be like. But we must never accept what the enemy wants to put on us as final. That's right. We must sing with with Benjamin this morning. Fear will come. Fear will anxiety may come. Has to go in Jesus' name. Somebody said, "I think that's false hope." I tell you, I think it's Bible hope. I think it's what the scripture teaches us. So, not every jar, it can't be dirty. It's got to be sound. It can't be cracked. Well, I guess at one time or another, we were all cracked. Aren't you glad that Jesus knows how to put even a crack vessel back on the wheel? That was Sister Tibo's song, Pastor Sing again. He didn't throw the clay away. Sing it again. He didn't throw the clay away. First time she came into the church with a little dress barely to her knees and hair all colored up and c chopped off and blue eyes. You know, she was really fixed up pretty. I didn't know her. I just knew God was calling to her. I'd never met Brother Tibo, Billy's dad. God showed me a vision of where he was hiding his stuff. Showed me the hiding place. He'd been lying to his wife for years and years and hiding his stuff. You know what? God exposed him. Not because he wanted to embarrass him. He wasn't there. He wanted her to go home and understand and he wanted her to go home and tell him there's a better way. She told him and God saved him and delivered him. Hallelujah. And he had to go show her the hiding place and God saved her. And we were singing that song. He didn't throw the clay away. She was raised as a Pentecostal as a little girl. She saw what it was real, what was real, and what it but she had gotten away from it. Let me tell you something. God knows how to pull us back. You may be ashamed of where you've come from in the faith, but I'm not ashamed of the old Pentecostal church. I'm not ashamed of what God did for us there. I'm thankful that he's bringing us into himself. But I'm thankful. In those days, we were so desperate to have a musician that they would put somebody up who was hardly clean. Hardly clean. And they just thought, well, we got to have a guitar player even if he even if he played in the honky junk honky tonk last night. Well, we just need him. We need the music. Well, we're not in that place anymore cuz we'll sing ac cappella if we have to. If you want to do something for God, you can make a little adjustment in your life. Amen. All right. Look, I want to show you a couple pictures here uh of what one some of these wine vessel wine- making vessels look like. Uh especially the ones that are mentioned in the Bible at the first miracle of Jesus. These were ceramic jugs. The plural is amphora. and and these are some that have been found in Israel and put back together. Now, a couple of these were barely damaged at all and others have been glued back together. And down here, you've got a collection of just the spouts. These are amphora that date all the way back to the time of Christ. These clay vessels are 2,000 years old. That's kind of That's kind of amazing, isn't it? it is to me. I've enjoyed looking at them. I've seen these particular vessels in person. And then let me show you another one. Image 59. This is another uh uh style of of a wine- makingaking vessel made of earth or made of clay. But more often the wine would uh if it belonged to a nomadic people. Do you know what that means? It means they did you know there are still nomads today. Both the Drews and the Bedawins are tribes that live in the Middle East that still live in tents with camels. You you're you can be right outside the modern city of Jericho and look and see an encampment in Israel right now today of Bedawins. They're unusual people. They they they have their cattle with them and they'll settle a little while in a place they'll pick up and go. They couldn't haul these big clay vessels like this all over the desert. They didn't know where they were going to end up next. And so they used what we call uh skins, wine skins. And the the real word that's used in the scripture I read Matthew 2:22. It it's translated by King James is bottle. But there were no bottles. There were no bottles. It would have either been referring to something like what you're seeing there made out of clay, a jug, or an earthn vessel. If you if you think of a bottle like a like a wine bottle, there were no such things. Not in the second temple period. More likely, they were wine skins. You want me to show you what that would look like? If the wine belonged to a nomadic people, they would use wine skins like the ones you see there. for this purpose. These are very often the bottles that you read about in the Bible. These wine bottles or skins were made out of a goat skin and they were sewn together where it had been cut to remove it from the carcass. So, what you're looking at there is a more modern sort of a modern take on what a wine skin would have looked like. Just a bag made out of goat skin. Uh, pretty solid. And and the next picture is a bedawin. This particular picture was made in Petra of Jordan. And this wine skin is hung on uh you know a a piece of um wood. These sticks are tied together made into something that you could almost use for a teepee. And that is a wine skin. And now there's no wine in that. That's actually milk in that wine skin or in that skin. And do you all know what he's doing? Can anybody guess what he's doing with the milk that's in that wine skin or in that animal skin? He's churning it to make butter by swinging it. Can you imagine, David? I wonder how long it'd take to make butter in that. It would take quite a while. And it's back and forth in that heat and uh you're going to get you're going to get buttermilk way before you get butter. But butter melts and the heat is going to be there. So what you were most likely getting is not going to look like the yellow butter you put on your table. It would look a little bit more like a sour cottage cheese. But anyway, it would serve the purpose. But that'll at least show you what a skin would look like. Now when they when they removed that skin from the carcass, it formed a sack. They tied it up. It could be tied at the neck and hung up like what you see. The resilience of that new rawhide took up whatever expansion might be needed for the process of fermentation. Of course, in the Bible days, no one would think about putting new wine in an old animal skin, one that had already been used, dried up and cracked. from the previous years of wear and and uh this would actually be unsafe and that's why we read again in Matthew 9:17 neither do men put new wine into old bottles else the bottles break and the wine runth out and the bottles perish but they put new wine into new bottles and both are preserved. the word new in this verse, both verses, both both in in Matthew and and also in uh Luke, excuse me, Mark, although the Gospels, they all mention this this verse. The word new here is referring to wine that has just began the process of fermenting. And I mention it because it's still alive. It's still active. It's still volatile. It's still moving. The new wine still has energy. It still has movement. It still has bubbling gases in it. It hasn't yet settled down. Somebody say, "We need some of that." Oh Lord, we need some of that new life. We need some of that new wine. I saw some of it this morning causing people to get out of their comfort zone and magnify the Lord because he's moving in us. Have you ever felt the spirit of God bubbling up in you like a like an artisian well and you could feel that spirit of the Lord? No wonder Jesus said out of men's bellies will flow rivers of of living water. Living water coming out of us. That's Jesus. He's the source of that. He's the source of the new wine. When he talks about old bottles here, he's talking about unyieldedness. Inflexible people. Did you know you were inflexible? Did you know you you you have no sp some of us have no spontaneity at all? Did you know that some of us have no elasticity? We're not happy unless it's the same old way, nothing new. We don't want anybody new on the piano. We don't want anybody new on the organ. We don't want anybody new leading a song. We don't want any new preacher. We don't want any We don't want anything new. We don't want a new a new uh let's see what we can say. You know th this this will do. This is fine. We don't need any more. No need to paint. Good paint. Got good paint. No need to paint. Just a change of color. But spiritually we become worse. Three songs, one special preaching 35. Let's say we're talking about the modern church 20 minute sermon. and get out by 12 so we can fight the crowd at Western Sizzling, if there is such a thing anymore. This is old bottles. Let me tell you something. The new wine that that the kind that's moving, the kind that's still bubbling and purifying and getting sweeter and more valuable. That movement of God, God moving in us and us moving for him. You got to move. You got to move. We used to sing it. Amen. You may be high. You may be low. But when God gets ready, you got to move. You just got to move. You got to be willing to obey. You got to be willing to change. You got to be willing to go. When God says go and stay when God says stay. Hallelujah. My granny, you know, she bought that piano. And in fact, my granny did buy that piano. I was just making making a story, but my granny did buy that piano. My granny bought that piano. You better not move it. That's where Granny wanted it. Well, she never saw this church. She didn't know where that piano is. She probably thought it was still at 8100 Cooper Creek Road. Granny had it like that and she didn't want it dusted. I guess that's why it don't get dusted too much. No, it does. Sister Jennifer, I guess is key. I don't see much dust on it. Uh, you know how people get. I'm going to leave that church if you move the piano. Some people tell me, they've told me for years, I'd leave the church I'm in and go somewhere where there was life, but grandpa's buried in the back. I want you to know nobody's grandpa's buried on this property. So, if God's sending you somewhere else, you go. But I've told them, if you if you're really hungry for God, you'll dig grandpa up, do it legally now, and take him with you. But you wouldn't sit in a dead church because grandpa's tombstone is out back. God is a moving God. He's an alive God. His spirit is moving in his people. Just like that new wine, it's still bubbling. It's still moving. Old bottles uh look like fit containers, but they've lost the elasticity. They can't stretch when the pressure bills. They can't stretch when there's movement in the spirit. The This symbolizes a religious form without power. People who want the appearance of spirituality but resist any internal stretching. Come on. Oh, hallelujah. Somebody thinks I'm preaching at the wrong church. I know right where I am this morning. We can get this way. Hallelujah. No drums. It don't need no drums. Unless you bought them, it's none of your business. I mean, that's just way we got to get. We've got to get that way. Well, I didn't I didn't care nothing about no hydro seeding. Nobody asked. The the brothers who were in charge said, "This might work and it might save us thousands of dollars. So, this what we're going to try." the man who did this, he the man who who brought it out here, the older man that works, he said, "Now, I mean, we're not going to tell her, but but if this, we're going to we'll make this right. It's, you know, we're not going to leave you high and dry. Uh this clay, this red clay is not good." How many of you saw it this morning when you pulled on? Hallelujah. How many of you prayed and asked the Lord to let that grass take? So did I. Now, you've seen answered prayer because that's red clay and it was hard. have done got really crusty there for about 10 days of no water. But you know, a little water come on. Hallelujah. I went out a few times and told them crows to go right back where they come from because they come flying in here trying to eat the seed. Now, isn't that just how the devil works? I just stood on the part said, "Go. Get out of here, you old crow. Oh, that seed. That's $5,000 worth of seed. That's God's seed. You find some seed somewhere. Don't you just love the crazy life? Thank God they didn't get it all. God's making it grow out there. That's a blessing of the Lord. Don't become like 2 Timothy 3:5, having a form of godliness. Yeah. But denying the power. That's right. They'll tell you what Jesus did, but they don't know anything about what he is doing. How many of you want to know that he's still alive and well? He's alive and well, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same yesterday and today and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Do you believe he is? Then tell somebody he's not just some relic. He's a living reality in his people. We can't be satisfied with a form or a fashion. New wine demands a new vessel. The Lord will not waste his wine. He's searching for somebody who can be fresh, flexible, and have a yielded heart that can expand under pressure. That that just disqualifies stubborn people. Amen. Mule religion people. I know people that have what brother Brandham called mule religion. They say amen like an old mule, but they have no intention of changing their life. Brother Brandham said the bride is a thoroughbred. He said she doesn't have mule religion. He said oh mule preacher tell the truth and the and the mule will stick his ears up and say amen. Amen. He don't even know what he's amening. Right? Said he'll go right out and do the same old thing he's been doing all along. Don't even know the word is talking to him. She don't even know the word is talking to her. And yet she's got the hehaw just right. But he said, "Not a thorough bread." He said, "A thoroughb bread. She'll run just because she knows the whip's coming." She knows she's about to get the the word that says run on. And she's ready to run. How many of you would rather be a thoroughbred in this thing than a than a hehaw? That's right. Now this fermenting wine, it means it to me it symbolizes a revelation that's getting richer and realer in your heart. Doesn't mean new truth. It means a it means a fresh understanding of truth that has already been spoken in your life. Something perhaps you've already heard the prophet say, but it hasn't been made personally active in your life yet. That's why we need to let the process work. That's why we need to embrace what God is doing. Amen. I'm not quite done yet. So, squeeze out an amen and let's move on. Revelation doesn't stand still. Revelation by nature is always expanding. It's transforming. It's maturing from glory to glory. Amen. Many want a fresh outpouring, but they don't want to be stretched. Stretching is uncomfortable. Just leave it like it was. If it's not broke, don't try to fix it. Let's do today what we were doing 40 years ago exactly like we were doing it 40 years ago. Let's not get too modern, too excited, too. Let's not take what the world creates and sanctify it and use it for the kingdom. I've told you many times when the television first came out, everyone in the church knew it was going to be evil. Everyone in the church knew it was going to destroy families and lives. You can say amen or nothing. Doesn't matter. Still the truth. And yet the Lord fell on my granny one day and she rose to prophesy. And God spoke out of her lips and said, "It'll be used to drag many souls out of the kingdom. But I will also use it to spread my gospel in the last days. My name will be proclaimed declared in the far regions of this world for the sign of the end. I believe we could say that about the internet and everything else. The enemy will use anything and everything. The the devil will use a banjo, but that don't mean the king can't use it, too. There's folks who love the preaching here, but they won't come. They're local that could get here, but they won't come because there's instruments in the music. Oh my goodness. Use a little cotton in your ear. We don't care. Don't be cheated out of what God has for you perhaps in this day because the music got a little juky for your taste. We need some life. Maybe you don't. I do. If we don't have a little life, we'll slip right back into the things of the world. Just look at them. Just look at them. Many want that outpouring, but they don't want any stretching, any bubbling, any yielding. If you're not growing, you may be trying to pour something living into something lifeless. Your own old mindset or your wounded expectations, your hope deferred may be causing you not to receive new wine. Your hurt feelings may be causing you not to receive new wine. Are you willing to give the old skin away? Are you willing to let the old stuff slip away so that God can create a new vessel in you and fill you with new wine? God's pouring something into you. You're going to have to be renewed daily. I am, too. Or you'll risk spilling and wasting what he's doing in your life. You're going to have to be willing to grow. You're going to have to be willing to change your mind. You can't be so dyed in the wool that you can't follow what God's doing in this moment. It won't contradict the word. It can't contradict the word. God can't contradict himself. If you believe that, say amen. One paragraph, just one short paragraph, just a couple, three sentences from the end time evangelism. Brother Bram said, "The message still moves on." Oh, wait a minute. You're not going to say amen. Why? Because the message is not what comes out of one man's mouth. That's right. The message is that it is that and it's more. Amen. The message is the revelation of Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham tells us the Bible giver to cover. That's the revelation of Jesus Christ. Even the places uh there is an there is a a a website you can go to called the message hub. Has anybody ever been there? The reason why it's of interest is because you can go in the Bible, find the verse of scripture that you're looking for, and if if Brother Brandham mentioned that verse by reference, there'll be a little number out there to the side. You can click on that number and it'll bring up the places where brother Brandham referred to that verse, either by by address or by content. And it I find it very interesting because you can read you can look at chapter after chapter after chapter after chapter of the Bible without one quote chapter and chapter and chapter. I you can look up some of the most valuable verses to me and there'll be no quote. And what that tells me is that brother Brandham brought everything he was to bring in the hour that he was to bring it. But the whole Bible reveals Jesus Christ. And there may be something in one of those verses that has no number at the end that God wants to help you and I tie together to something that he was telling us and move us a little closer in our personal acceptance of the revelation of Jesus Christ. If that confused you, you're easily confused because that's just what the word said. The message moves on. Israel followed, not Moses. Come on. They weren't just following a prophet. They were following a pillar of fire. [Music] And guess what? The pillar of fire didn't leave when Moses left. As I was with Moses. Ain't that what the scripture said? Where it stopped. They stopped. Where it went, they went. The pillar of fire is moving on. Somebody read the last word. Yes. And you and I, if we've got any sense at all, we'll move with it. You can't receive kingdom new wine if you're holding on to an old Pharisee skin. The spirit will stretch you beyond old religious limits. Revival ruptures religious rigidity. Some of you come here and you thought it was all emotion. Everything anybody was doing was emotion. And you squatchched it and you squeezed it and you let your religious uh nature stuff it and miss it. And some of you might not be in the mess you're in now if you'd have been a little more flexible when the spirit of the Lord began to move. And just because it didn't move that way where you were from didn't mean it wasn't real. If you were getting what you needed where you were, why didn't you stay there? See, that's how things work. God's moving on. You don't have to do like somebody else. But when you start discouraging others, come on. Then you have picked up the spirit of a Pharisee. That's right. Don't Don't do that. New wine isn't convenient. It ferments. It moves. It pressures you to change. I know folks aren't used to perhaps if you're streaming or visiting. You're not used to a sermon or service lasting this long. Uh but I'm sorry. I don't know what else to say if they didn't tell you before you got here they should have. And maybe they didn't because or before you tuned in or whatever because they thought you might not want to stay. But let me tell you something. We'll be done before SEC football would be over. We'll be done before a Braves game finishes. A Marvel movie. If I've got it within three hours, I've beat the Marvel movie. Hello. So, let's give more time to the world. No sir, you can do that at your church. But as the scripture teaches us from the ministry of Jesus, the best wine, you don't drink it first. The best wine comes at the end of the feast. Amen. In this analogy, you're the wine skin. Let God soften you, stretch you, and make you new again. Let God make you hungry again for more of his word, for more of his spirit, for more of his power, for his healing in your life. Somebody ought to squeeze an amen here. Let him soften you. Who who realizes your life has made you a little bit hardened? Lord, soften us with the oil. You know, you can take some oil and rub it on that old wine skin and get some more life out of it. Praise the Lord. Did I You know what? I I forgot to give them give them uh image 55 and see if some of them recognize theelves. You see you there. I didn't come to church to get insulted. Sometimes the Holy Spirit has to insult your mind to reach your heart. I I I almost named it. I almost put a name on it. I've been to church with that. How many of you have ever been to church with something like that? That is a What is that, Brother Shel? That's an old wine skin. It's that same beautiful thing you saw just a few minutes ago, except the other one was subtle and and it was it would move and stretch and it still had sheen and it still had life and color to it and it was going to get them through whatever they needed to get through. But this one here has not been oiled. It has dried out. It has no elasticity. If you were to try to pour wine in that thing, it would only be a matter of time before you had a face full of wine because it would explode. That's what Jesus was teaching. You don't take the new wine of the Holy Ghost or the new wine of the message of the hour and try to stuff it into an old dried up, dead, wrinkled up church form. We got to be made new. Anybody see yourself? I pray you don't ever look like that to God. I pray you don't ever explode like that. If you explode, I hope it's cuz you popped a cork. Not because you ripped your bag. Praise God. There's so much going on inside of us. When the word begins to stimulate this spirit within us by revelation, oh thank God. It makes you want to embrace the process. It makes you want to say, "Lord, just keep on pouring me from one vessel to another to leave behind that what I don't need. Let God soften you, stretch you, and make you new." God doesn't want to waste wine. If you won't yield, he'll find somebody else to pour it into. You know why some people always get blessed? cuz they've always got their mouth open. Fill me up, Lord. Come on. Amen. I didn't say they were loud mouths. I didn't say they had big mouths. I just said they had open mouth. Have you ever seen a mother bird when she goes to get the worm, she don't have to announce to her little baby birds, "All right, now birds, mama's got lunch." They smell it coming. And before she ever lands on the nest, every one of them's mouths open and they're ready for it. They don't know she's going to bite it in pieces and chew it up and spit it in their mouth, but she they'll take it however they can get it because they understand it's life to them. You take someone born of the word. You take somebody carrying the seed of God. You take somebody that has the DNA of the Holy Ghost inside of them. And you let a little word come down and I'll tell you, they'll catch it and they'll keep their mouth open waiting on some more. There's something wrong with some of us cuz we can miss a half a dozen services and we don't even care what was said while we're gone because we don't understand the value and we don't understand what God's doing because it's not fast enough to suit our busy lifestyle. He's taking his time. Hallelujah. But he's getting us ready. Oh, preparing us. As brother Hawk was praying, preparing us. Brother Brandham said, "I want to tell you what a real scriptural life is." He said, "A real scriptural life is one that casts out devils, heals the sick, and raises the dead." He said, "That's what a real scriptural life is." How many of you want that life? Glory. Come on. You want enough of the Holy Ghost in you that when you go into Walmart, the devil either has to come out or get out. Hallelujah. Boy, sometime we come in line, come in a restaurant and get in line, folks in front of us just start leaving. They don't even want to wait no more. Thank y'all. Thank y'all. Thank y'all. Cuz it just moves us right up to the front. Well, what do you think's wrong with them? I know exactly what's wrong with them. They can't stand that presence that it better be in every one of us. They can't take it. They don't even know why they're so agitated. I not too long ago saw a mama just slap her little little boy. Of course, he probably needed it, but not not like she did it. And I said, "Wonder what made that woman become so agitated with her son?" It was us that walked in and changed the atmosphere. It wasn't that little boy, right? She didn't even know why she become so agitated. She just popped him real good and didn't even know why she was popping him. You say, "I don't believe in such as that." Well, then you don't understand this life at all. Hallelujah. Somebody in here ought to expect things to shift. Let me tell you, let me tell you something. God was good. You heard Sister Gia's testimony. That micro burst that came right out here on the end of of 379 and 280, that could have been terrible. I don't know if you know anything about a micro burst, but it's an unusual terrible high pressure that comes straight down out of the sky and when it hits the ground, it pushes out those sheer winds in every direction. And there have been multiple times in this nation that micro burst took out buildings and took lives. And people immediately thought it was a tornado. But after they went back on the radar, they found out it wasn't a tornado at all. It was a micro burst. It comes so suddenly that there's no way to be prepared for it. And who would have thought one would have come just up the road right near Gia lives closer to it, I guess, than most any of us. took roo took those metal roofs off the uh the flea market there, knocked the power out. It happened so quick that people didn't even know what was hit. I want you to know there were there were people right around the area didn't have a piece of pine straw fall off the tree. Somebody said, "Why in the world are you even mentioning things like that?" I'm just going to talk about the goodness of God. I'm just going to talk about look, anybody can replace a 10 roof on a on a flea market shed, but thank God, Sister Gia's home didn't get ripped off its foundation. Have you seen what the waters doing? The Bible talks about the force and power of water and the force and power of fire. Have you seen what those floods are doing out there? It makes you wonder why people would want to buy build all for years and years and years why people would want to build these Christian camps for for small children in the world's worst flood zone, the nation's worst flood zone. It makes you wonder what people are thinking, doesn't it? Because if you've ever been in a place like Israel, uh do you know when when uh Sister J uh uh I'll get it in a minute. She's just my daughter. uh my uh bonus daughter Jenna. When Jenna's mother was here for Elelliana's birthday party, she went home and up until just a few days ago from the birthday party till now, it never has rained at her house. That's Texas. She lives in Texas. Few hours away from where this tragedy took place. The ground is so hard. The ground is so slick, especially in that area where this happened in and in that hill area that when that water and I've seen it happen in Israel the same way. When that water comes, it comes down, it has nowhere to go but forward like that flows right in to the river. And uh you know people uh uh will say the devil this, the devil that and this and that. Let me tell you something. Nothing happens in this world that God doesn't know it. He's not out to hurt. He's not out to harm. But he is out to make sure that you and I fulfill the purpose of our birth. And those little children, some of them went out of here singing the praises of God. So we know exactly where they were. Some of them not even at the age of accountability. Somebody said, "What do you want to say about that?" Well, if you want to read social media, it's the seed, the cloud seeding. It's this conspiracy theory here. It's this, that, or the other. Why don't you just take what the word of God says? The Bible said the gro creation, creation is groaning, the earth is talking and people are refusing to listen. God is saying once again, this thing is coming to an end. Will you party on the brink of disaster? Will you spend the night at the honky talk on the on the very precipice of eternity? Or will you surrender? Will you spend your life sitting in front of that idiot box and let your soul go to hell? Or will you make up your mind, I'm going to get full of God. I'm going to get full of the Holy Ghost. I'm going to one last time give my family trouble. I'm going to get so full of Jesus that they don't even want me at Thanksgiving because I can't leave them comfortable. I can't leave them comfortable. I've got to let them know that something is real. I want the musicians to get ready to come. We're pouring. We're being poured. We're being poured. Next time we come together, we'll begin the four vessels, a vessel of misunderstanding. But I want to leave you with this. No, I didn't fall. I am okay. Don't call the police. Don't call rescue squad. Levi's here. I'll be all right. He sees me gr grabbing my chest and gasping for air. He'll be up here and help me. I'll be all right. Uh this word lees or dregs that we're talking about, it means the grosser parts of any liquor or wine that settle down to the bottom of the vessel. We call it dregs. The Bible call it leaves, but it's like sediment and it's made up of several different things. It's made up of dead yeast cells. These are byproducts of fermentation. Yeast eats the sugar in the grape juice and converts it into alcohol and into CO2, a gas. Once their work is done, those uh those yeast cells die and settle down at the bottom. That dead yeast cell will change the taste of the wine. It's also grape skin particles. Particles of the skin, bits of skin, bits of seed, bits of stems that were not filtered out during the process of pressing that is also leaves and it will settle down to the bottom. The bitterness of the stem, the bitterness of the seed, the bitterness of a piece of that skin after it sits there in a fermenting juice, it will become bitter and it will even begin to smell like something that is rotting. You wouldn't want the wine to be uh flavored by that or even the fragrance to be affected by that. There's something also in fermenting juice called tartrates. And these are natural acids and mineral crystals which are often called wine diamonds. And it's it's very similar to the cells that crystallize in honey. And these diamonds these wine diamonds form during the process of fermentation. And sometimes if you're chilling uh the wine that has fermented, it will bring those uh uh crystals back to to a to a solid state. They fall down to the bottom and that can also contaminate the wine. And then there's a number of other organic matter, proteins, pectins, tiny bits of grape pulp, uh that will all settle and come down out of that juice or wine as it clarifies. And uh if you leave it there, just imagine now when we get through these vessels, you're going to have this picture already. You leave that there, it will change just like you putting some sprigs of rosemary in vinegar or or you put some some flavor of orange slice or something in honey, you can infuse the flavor of what you add. Well, in the same way that infusion can be a positive thing, infusion of something bitter can make the wine bitter. It can cause it to lose its value. Oh, God. I if there's jealousy in me, it's going to fall to the bottom eventually. And if somebody don't come along and disturb me, if somebody don't disturb me, then I'm just going to be bitter. My whole life will become embittered by my jealousy. My father rejected me. My mother chose the world for so many years over me. I know what this can do. It builds up resentments. It builds up all kinds of things in your life that just sort of settle down to the bottom and try to make you stink. Try to make you bitter. You're just around somebody five minutes. All they do every Lord have mercy. Like I've said before, there are some people you don't want to ask them how they're doing. Because nobody knows the trouble I've seen. They don't have a good thing to say about anything. You know, praising God for a job one week and complaining about it the next. You know what's good about that job you hate? You get to eat. Your wife gets to eat. Your children get to eat. Your children get to have shoes. Sometimes you just have to make the best and ask the Lord to give you something better. But you'll never get better from him. If you're only spending time murmuring and complaining about I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. The word will cleanse us. It'll help some of those things to settle down to the bottom. You can choose in the morning what kind of Monday you're going to have. Boy, I have to every Mondays are my hard day. And every Monday, I have to choose. Am I going to get am I gonna have a a lousy Monday, a tired Monday, a griping Monday, or am I going to have a Monday where you can be glorified in my mind and in my life? You make up your mind. I'm going to work today with Jesus in my heart. No matter whether it's a Monday or an or or or a whatever day it is, doesn't matter. Amen. Amen. So all this organic matter, if it's not dealt with, if it's not if you're if the good wine is not poured off the top and the yucky stuff left behind, then the wine is deeply affected. Each vessel in the wine- making process reflects a season of divine refinement. God is cleansing his people. God is preparing his people. God is getting his people ready for what he's going to do through them, in them, and through them in these final days. Come musicians. Moab was the one that Jeremiah was prophesying to. He was the one that the scripture rebuked. Jeremiah the prophet rebuked because he was settling in his leaves. He was finding peace. The actual translation of that is he was finding peace in his dregs. Did you know some people find their peace in their trouble? They find their peace in their problems. They are more satisfied in turmoil. Have you ever known anybody like that? If something wasn't stirring, if something wasn't stinking, they weren't shining. But it seems that if there's always a turmoil, you've got her in your family, you've got him in your family, you've got that one in your church. You know those people who seem to somehow thrive when there is some kind of you can't be that person. God called you to something better than that. Stay out of other folks's business. Let God work a work in your life and in your family before you start working on somebody else's life. Isn't that right? If I'm going to take parenting advice from any parent, it's going to be somebody who has children that they've raised in the faith. It's going to be somebody whose children are testifying, their life testifies that they were raised in a in a way that would be God edifying. I'm not going to take parenting advice from somebody. We all make big mistakes. We just have to be careful when we're trying to tell other people how to do it. Are you with me? There's a lot of misunderstanding that comes into our life. And that's that's the next vessel that we'll talk about. The lesson is this. Every time God pours us out, he's removing the residue of yesterday. Old offenses, overinflated ego, me and my four, no more. all of that stuff that troubles and affects our lives, he's trying to leave that behind so that only the best part of who we are goes forward. You know, it's it's a blessing. We ought to be thanking him instead of murmuring. He's taking us all the way from the grape vine until we we find ourselves in that beautiful chalice of the king. And and as we sing that song of worship, we've sung it even recently. I mentioned it and we sung it. Uh uh I want to be oil for his feet, wine for him to drink. I want to bring my Lord some. Look, I could never pay him. How many of you could never pay him for where where he's brought you from? There are addicts there. There are people in this room who have known the throws of addiction. addiction that conquered their life, affected their brain cells, destroyed their relationships. BC before Christ, he came, he changed, he delivered. He made the difference. That's the God we're talking about. No one in this room is too far that God can't reach out to you and draw you to him. Nobody's too late getting in. Not yet. He's still calling. He's still wooing. He's still pulling. Let's stand together. Thank you so much for your patience this morning and for your pull. Somebody pull. Thank you. Thank you for pulling. I know when we're breaking this down uh and and trying to hit every part, it can get a little bit monotonous, but uh you're going to start seeing if you haven't already seen yourself. you'll see yourself because as we mentioned in the introductory sermon, that next vessel is often a vessel of misunderstanding where it's between you and him. And nobody understands what's going on. Not even you sometime, but he always does. Everything you seem to do is being scrutinized and overjudged, criticized, and misunderstood. And God has allowed that. And it's hard not to want to defend, isn't it? But you have to sometime. He was led like a lamb to the slaughter. Are you with me? He was led like a lamb to the slaughter. He was dumb. The Bible said, dumb like a lamb before her sheerers. Led to the slaughter. And he uttered not a word. He laid down his life. It's in that place of misunderstanding and misjudgment where you are learning to lay down your life. Where you are learning not to defend yourself. We get so creative, church. We get so creative. We've learned how to persuade others without full explanation. We we've learned how to change someone's perception of someone else without ever telling the story with little innuendos, with little slight changes and twisting of things. And we've learned it as a survival mechanism. We're not here to survive. We're here to overcome. Let God leave all that behind now. And if you if you feel the need to defend yourself, just go talk to him about it. Lord, it would be so it would be so tempting to just uh scream out, "That's not right. You what you're hearing is not right." If you and I were to do that every time something come up, we'd be spending our whole life defending every action. Sometimes we just have to commit ourselves into Papa's hands and we have to say, "Lord, help those who don't understand. All I know is right here in this vessel of misunderstanding, you are changing me. You are getting out of me what needs to be left behind. You see, there there is a there is a meat that you and I will have to eat a whole lot of in this season, and that's the meat of obedience. That's the kind that says yes, Lord, to your will, to your way. just keep doing in me what you're doing and give me my family, Lord. I just want my family uh wherever they are today, I just want them to serve you and love you and know you the way that I love you. Don't you serve a great God? Beautiful God, faithful God, loving God, a tender God. Then let's take a moment to worship his name again before we leave here today. Why don't you come and help us? Why don't you that feel to come and just gather close and let's just tell the Lord, "Thank you, Lord, for p pouring me out. Thank you, Lord, for pulling me out. Thank you for taking me out of the farmyard and into the old sink, cleansing me and filling me up and getting me ready. I love you, Lord. Hallelujah. For your mercy fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice, [Music] Lord. You have led me through the fire and darkest night. You are close like no other. Cuz I've known you as a father and I've known you as a friend and I have live in the goodness of God. Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh, and all my life you have been so so good. Oh, with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life. Cuz all my life you have been faith. Oh, you've been so faithful, Lord. And all my life, you have been so Lord, you've been so good. Oh, with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, cuz your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, with my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running. It keeps running after me. Oh, with my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness, oh, it keeps running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. It's your goodness. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh Lord, with my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] We wouldn't even be here if we had all my life. You have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Do it one more time like that where we can hear the voices. All my life. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. Keep playing but soft. In a time like this, you don't want to have a flashback that brings a some bad memory to your mind. I don't know what in the world brought it to my mind, but it was the goodness of God in it. If you will allow the Lord some time to bring some of those painful things to your mind and show you where his goodness prevailed. I saw my mother running with me as a boy. She had grabbed me by the hand and she was really dragging me. I was probably too heavy to carry. I wasn't a wasn't a a toddler, so to speak. She was dragging me down the steps because her second husband was in a drunken rage again. And he had already broken bones in her body that she was still recovering from. And I saw her dragging me and I saw our hiding place. And I can show you the bush. It's still there in Columbus. And she shoved me in behind a bush. But she was breathing so hard from the pain of the beating that she had just endured that I just knew he was going to find us. And I remember thinking, "Oh, oh, I just wish she wasn't breathing so hard." He found us, but something had already shifted in him. And he was falling back into that religious upbringing that he had. And he knew that what he had done was wrong. Do you know that was the goodness of God spared my mama's life and perhaps even mine? I don't know why that I don't know why I saw it. I don't know why I'm mentioning it. I have mentioned it before, but perhaps there's someone here and it's a little hard for you to sing I've lived in the goodness of the Lord because you're remembering the times when things weren't good. The song doesn't say everything that happens to me is good. The Bible doesn't say that everything happens to me is good. The Bible said it happens for my good. For my good, for my good. Maybe the Lord just wants me to say to you that even the darkest place, even the scariest place, even the most rotten place in your life, it was the goodness of God, the mercies of God, the grace of God that somehow preserved you and brought you through it. Because of that and because of the goodness of God, we raised four children that never had to know what that feels like to flee in the night. So that's the goodness of God. If you can get whole and healed and well and raise your children to go forward and be better Christian, better parents, then everything that happened to you was for a reason. And it was the goodness of God that brought you through it. Do you understand? He knows. Listen, somebody said, "Well, what about that thing?" Well, listen. We we were talking last week about uh uh Abraham paying his tithes to Melzdc. And the scripture says that the benefit of that was also uh allocated or allotted to Levi who was still in the loins of his grandfather. Did you know doing the right thing in your generation can affect generations to come? Did you know doing the wrong thing in your generation and not repenting of it and making it right can cause that thing to pass down generationally? It matters how we live in front of our children. Matters. It matters. Father, we are I guess everyone maybe maybe someone looks in here on the stream and and they think, "My, look at those goody goodies. They've never known any heartache. They've never known any trials." Lord, if they only knew that the lives in this room are no different than the lives of any any place where folks, broken people who have been saved, delivered, and restored in Christ, gather together. As I said a moment ago, there there abused and the abuser worships in your presence. Those who were once the abused, those who were once the abuser can come to you and be healed and be whole and go forward. Those who are broken and those who did the breaking both deserve the same redemption. They both deserve the same grace because grace is something not deserved. It's a gift from God. We don't earn it by our good behavior or lose it by our bad behavior. Lord, I don't know who you're talking to today the most. Is it someone here? Is it someone tuning in? I don't know. But what I do know is Lord, if they would somehow be able to surrender their life to you, you'll show them. You'll show them your goodness in the darkest moment, in the most hideous moment of their life, in the things that they did not deserve and yet they experienced your redeeming grace. Lord, would you help every person under the sound of my voice to see your goodness? in the land of the living. I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but if you're standing near someone and it would be appropriate to do so, would you just lay your hand over on a shoulder, an elbow, an arm, just the ground is level at the foot of the cross. There's nobody in this room that was born into perfection. We were all born in sin, shapen in iniquity. We all came here with a fallen Adamic nature and we needed to be redeemed. We've all been on the mountain and in the valley. We've all been through something. Now we stand together united in the presence of the Lord and we realize that it's grace that has brought us this far and it'll be grace that takes us the rest of the way. So we take this opportunity, Lord, to pray for one another. Would you do that right now? Lord, I pray for this one nearest to me. I don't know what the struggle could be or might be. I don't know what the enemy is trying to magnify in their mind to cause them to miss what you would do for them, Jesus. I I don't know what uh has wounded them the most or brought them the most pain. Maybe they have known healing. Maybe they're still healing. But I stand with them. My hand on their shoulder, my hand on their elbow. It's it's just a symbol of how the fallen race of Adam has come into the presence of the redeemer and the creator. And we have found mercy and grace in his sight. And he has cleansed us and made an everlasting covenant with us. We are not who we were. We are not sinners. saved by grace. We were sinners and now we have known the redeeming power of Jesus Christ who forgives us of all of our sins, the ones behind us. And even if we were, it will not be our intention or aim or our goal. But if we were to fall today, if we were to make a terrible choice today, we know your grace is sufficient to woo us back to call us back, to keep us from going too far. We surrender to your love and mercy today. What Satan planned, what he desired to do, he has been defeated because you have interrupted his plot, his plan, and you have redeemed us. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Strengthen this brother. Strengthen this sister. Lord, I pray for streamers right now stirred in their inner being and need a touch from you. Come Lord, heal, restore, pour oil. May we not only be healed physically, but may we be healed emotionally. May every cell and fiber of our body respond to the healing virtue of Jehovah Rafa, Yahweh Rafa, the Lord our God, our healer. Would you heal? Would you move? and soothe and help. Would you strengthen? Would you give us overcoming power? Would you remind us of your love right now? Would you help us to get our eyes above our stuff and get our eyes on you today and glorify your name? We break off the works of the enemy, the works of darkness. We break off the oppressing spirits that the enemy would try to torment minds with today. And we ask for new thoughts. We ask for the mind of Christ to overwrite and override every work of the enemy. We surrender to this process. We trust you and we know that you're working all things for our good. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. I'm falling in love with Jesus [Music] was the best thing I've ever done. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] I'm falling in love with Jesus. Oh, I'm falling in love with Jesus. And it's the best thing I've ever done. Oh, I'm falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, I'm falling in love with my Jesus. It was the best thing I've ever done. Oh. [Music] Oh. Cuz in his arms I feel protected. And in his arms I'm never disconnected. [Music] Oh, and in his arms that's where I feel protected. And there's no place I'd ra be. Why don't you just grab somebody shake somebody's hand? I feel protected. I'm praying for you, brother. And in his arms, never connected. And in his arm, that's where I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra be in his arms. [Music] In his arms, I feel protected. Thank you, Jesus. In his arms, I'm never disconnected. [Music] In his arms, that's where I feel protected. And there's no place I'd ra be. We're going to dismiss you. If you want to stay and worship a moment or pray a moment, you certainly are free to do that. The rest of us will slip home and bring our lunch down to the fellowship hall so that we can get it here fast as we possibly can. If you didn't bring anything, you're still more than welcome to have a a fellowship lunch with us and then in the afternoon when we're it's sort of all a part of the celebration. But we're going to give God thanks for this beautiful little girl that Josiah has and cherishes. It's a gift. She is a gift from God. Charlotte Ruth is a gift from God. And we have all benefited and been blessed by her little life already. One year, just one year. People have prayed for her around the world. So, we'll have a nice time. Thank you for being here today. There's a deep, deep, deep something. Take it with you. Would you take it with you? Let God do something for you. Let him raise you out of the grief. Let him raise you out of the place where you are. Father, go with us now. Give us safety on these dangerous highways of life and bring us back just a few moments for food and fellowship together. Let your presence be just as real with us as we sit at the table as we have felt you and known you and experienced you today. And we'll give you all the praise and glory and honor. It's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. You're dismissed to go in the name of the Lord, but reverence the sanctuary. Would you please, if you were going to fellowship and do a lot of chatting, do that out in the vestibule. Give us a moment or two to get our food back together and we will soon have lunch. Go in this piece. If you want to stay in worship, please do. Pray, please do. You look so pretty. That looks so pretty. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with my Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Oh, cuz in his arms I feel protected. And in his arms I'm never disconnected. In his arms, that's where I feel protected. And there's no place I'd ra be. Oh, falling in love with my Jesus. Falling in love. Falling in love with Jesus. I'm falling in love. Falling in love. Oh, with Jesus. was the best thing I've ever done. Oh, I'm falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. was the best thing I've ever done.
