################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-31 - Above All Else, Guard Your Heart - Part 22 Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-31
Title:    Above All Else, Guard Your Heart — Part 22 | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47psHJcXDMk
========================================

Description:
Pastor Shelley explores the destructive connection between pride, offense, and manipulation, revealing how pride blinds us and leads to deception. The sermon exposes manipulation as a form of spiritual witchcraft that controls through emotional, relational, and spiritual means. Drawing from Proverbs 16:18, Romans 1, and 1 Samuel 15:23, this message calls believers to reject pride, choose forgiveness over offense, and resist manipulative behaviors in all relationships.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] You know, you Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy to see you. I am lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. Oh, holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see. So, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, and I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you. Oh, to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power in love as we sing holy, holy, holy to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart and I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. So open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, and I want to see you. And I want to see you. Oh, to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy to see you high and lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, worthy, worthy, worthy. You are worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy. I want to see [Music] you. Oh, hallelujah. Men of faith, rise up and sing to our great and glorious King. You are strong when you feel weak in your brokenness complete. Oh, shout to the north and the south. Oh, sing to the east and the west. Oh Jesus is savior to all. He's Lord of heaven and earth. Oh shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Oh Jesus is savior to all. He's lord of heaven and earth. Rise up women of the truth. Stand and sing to broken hearts who can know the healing power of our awesome king of love. Oh, shout to the north and the south. Oh, sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. He's Lord of heaven and earth. Oh, shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Oh Jesus is savior to all. He's Lord of heaven and earth. Rise up church with broken wings. Fill this place with psalmies again. Of our God who reigns on high. By his grace again we'll fly. Oh, shout to the north and the south. Won't you sing to the east and the west? For Jesus is savior to all. He's Lord of heaven and earth. Men of faith rise up and sing of our great and glorious king. You are strong when you feel weak. In your brokenness complete. Oh, shout to the north and the south. Won't you sing to the east and the west? Jesus is savior to all. He's Lord of heaven and earth. Rise up women of the truth. Stand and sing to broken hearts. You can know the healing power of our awesome king of love. Oh, shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Oh Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. Rise up church with broken wings. Fill this place with songs again. of our God who reigns on high. By his grace again we'll fly. Oh shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Oh Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. Oh shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. He's Lord of heaven and earth. Yes, you are Lord. [Music] [Music] [Music] The giver of every breath I breathe, author of all eternity, giver of every perfect thing. To be the glory. You're the maker of heaven and of earth. No one can comprehend your worth. King over all the universe. Oh, to you be the glory. And I am alive because I'm alive in you. And it's all because of Jesus. I'm alive. It's all because the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, that covers me and it raises dead man's life. Oh, it's all because of Jesus. I'm alive. You're the giver of every breath I breathe. Author of all eternity, giver of every perfect thing to be the Lord. You're the maker of heaven and of earth. No one can comprehend your word. King over all the universe. Oh, to you be the glory. And I am alive because I'm alive in you. And it's all because of Jesus. I'm [Music] alive. Oh, it's all because the blood of Jesus Christ that covers me and it raises dead man's life. Oh, it's all because of Jesus I'm alive. And it's all because of Jesus I'm alive. It's all because the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, that covers me and it raises dead men's life. Oh, it's all because of Jesus. And every sunrise sings your praise. The universe cries out your praise. I'm singing freedom all my days. Now that I'm alive and every sunrise sings your praise. The universe cries out your praise. I'm singing freedom all my days. Oh, now that I'm alive and every sunrise sings your praise. The universe cries out your praise. I'm singing freedom all my days now that I'm alive. And it's all because Jesus sh my life. It's all because the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, that covers me and it raises dead man's life. Oh, it's all because of Jesus. I'm alive. And it's all because of Jesus I'm alive. It's all because the blood of Jesus [Music] Christ. Oh that covers me and raises dead man's life. Oh it's all because of Jesus I'm alive. Oh, it's all because of you, Lord. It's all because of you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. There's nothing worth more that will ever come close. Nothing can compare. You're our living home. Your presence, Lord. [Music] And I've tasted and seen of the sweetest of love. When my heart becomes free and my shame is undone. Oh by your presence [Music] Lord. Oh Holy Spirit you are welcome here. Come fill like this place and fill the atmosphere. Your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. To be overcome by your presence, Lord, Holy Spirit, you are welcome. Come light this place and fill the atmosphere. Your gloryy God is what my heart longs for. To be overcome by your presence, Lord. [Music] It's by your presence, Lord. [Music] There's nothing worth more that will ever come close. Nothing can compare. God, you're our living hope. [Music] Oh, your presence, [Music] Lord. Cuz I've tasted and seen of the sweetest of love. Where my heart becomes free and my shame it's undone by your presence [Music] Lord Holy Spirit you are welcome of the night. his place and fill the atmosphere. [Music] [Music] [Music] my soul. Let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware of your presence. And let us experience the glory of your goodness. And let us become more aware of your presence. Let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware of your presence. And let us experience the glory of your goodness. Let us become more aware of your presence. us and let us experience the glory of your goodness. Holy Spirit, you are welcome. [Applause] Come the light is placing through the endless cuz your glory God is what our hearts long just to be overcome by your presence Lord. Holy Spirit, you are well. Lord, you're welcome in this place. Come to mind this place and feel the Lord your glory. God is what our hearts long just to be overcome by your presence, Lord. Lord, holy spirit, you are welcome here. Come flood this place and fill the atmosphere. Your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. to be overcome by your presence, Lord. By your presence. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You were the word at the [Music] beginning, one with God the Lord most [Music] high. Your hidden glory in creation revealed now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. Oh my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. the name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. So what could separate us now? And what a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. You're my king. And what a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to it. What a wonderful name it is. The name of [Music] Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. Oh my sin was great. And your love was so much greater. So what could searate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. Oh my king. What a wonderful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. The veil torn before you. You silence the most of sin. and grave. Now that heavens are roaring, the praise of your glory. For you have raised to life again. And you have no right. And you have no equal now and forever. God reign cuz yours is the kingom and yours is the glory and yours is the name that's above all name. Now death could not hold you. The veil tore before you. Oh, you silence the most of sin and grave. Now the heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory before you have raised to life again. And you have no rival. And you have no equal now and forever. God reign. Cuz now yours is the kingom and yours is the glory and yours is the name above all name. And what a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, you're my king. What a powerful name it is. And nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. You're my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. And you are here moving in our midst. And I worship you. I worship you, God. I worship you. You are here, Lord. You're working in this place. And I worship you, God. I worship you. You are here, Lord. You are moving in our midst. And I worship you, my God. I worship you and you are here Lord. I feel you working in this place and I worship you God. I worship you cuz you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, your light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are here touching every heart. And I worship you. I worship you. And you are here. You are healing every heart. My God. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. And you are here. You are mending every heart. Oh, and I worship you, my God. I worship you. You are here. You are turning lives around. And I worship you. Oh God, I worship you. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. And you are here destroying every old and I worship you, God. I worship you and you are here. You're setting all the captives free. God, I worship you. Oh my God, I worship you. Oh, you are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle work, promise keep your light in my darkness, my God, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keep your light in my darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in my darkness of my God, that is who you are. I want to sing the bridge again. Bring the music down. Even when I don't see it through. Sing it out. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never Sing it like you believe it. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You like that again. Even when I don't see it, you're working. And even when I can't feel it, you're working. You never stop. Never stop working. You never stop. Never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. Oh, that is who you are. Let's sing it again. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. Falling in love with Jesus. of falling in love with [Music] Jesus. of falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever [Music] done. In his arms, I feel protected. In his arms and never [Music] disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra be. Sing that again. In his arms I feel protected. In his arms, never [Music] disconnected. In his arms, I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra be falling in love. of falling in love with Jesus. of falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Of falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. as they play that softly. Who has an unspoken prayer request just by the uplifting of the hand? Let's stay in this atmosphere. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. In his arms I feel [Music] protected. In his arms never [Music] disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra [Music] be falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. the best thing I've ever done. We want to remember the Gies today as they are having a holiday in Honduras and I think he may be preaching Wednesday night. Let's ask the Lord to be with them. Brother Robert and Aaron and Stephen and Sister Teresa are all not feeling well with some stomach issues this morning. We want to remember them to the Lord in prayer and all who have been in contact with them. We want to pray that that will stop. We can't afford to be sick for our fellowship weekend coming up. Let's ask the Lord to hear us and to move on our behalf. Sister Cindy Chadwick is traveling today with her sister-in-law who was planning to be here today. She's headed for surgery in in a short amount of time. Serious kind of serious surgery. and the plans changed and she's having to travel today. She wanted to be remembered I know to the Lord in prayer. Pray for the meetings this weekend that God will move have his sovereign will and way. Amen. Let's just sing that again. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. In his arms I feel protected in his arms and never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd ra be. Brother Hawk, would you come and pray today? Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing of [Music] love. Lord, we love you. We adore you. Oh Jesus. Sweet Jesus. Your place. Yes. [Music] When we feel that connection with your heart, we know why we exist. Yes. Being in love with you makes everything make sense. That's it. And I was reminded just when you told the disciples that everything that the father had given you, you would not lose. They're in your hand. Everyone and your right hand is all powerful. Amen. Amen. And also when we were singing about your manifest presence, I could just sense you come among us. And my spirit was responding to you, Lord. Hallelujah. And I just want to thank you for the honor of meeting with you. Yes, sir. Thank you for being among us right now. And father, I'm inviting you to come and do wonders and miracles among us. In you, we have full deliverance. Amen. Amen. We thank you, Lord, that you have made a way for us to come before you right now. That's right. And it was you laying everything down. That's true. because you wanted us so bad. Amen. And so we're responding right now to you and we're coming before you, Lord, at your invitation. And we just thank you for your love for us, the life you've given us, the hope that we have in Jesus Christ. It's not just for now. It's actually for eternity. and the bride. She's going to be with you forever and ever and ever. We belong to you, oh God. And Lord, I just pray for all of us right now where that reality might be obscure or has numbed. Father, I pray in the name of Jesus that the anointing of the Holy Ghost would destroy every lie that is holding us back and we would just come before you with boldness, full confidence at the throne of grace. I just pray you would have your way tonight or today um among us. Oh God, like we heard the other day, we are now seated in heavenly places. It's a present reality. You are moving among us. Heaven is here right now. So we just commit everything into your hands right now. Be with brother Gley. Use him mightily for the glory of God. And those prayer requests that were mentioned, make a way. in every one of them in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Carter and Austin, would you mind coming and help me with the offering this morning? Praise the Lord. Lord Jesus, bless his ties and offering. Use it for your kingdom. Multiply and give it back to the giver. worship with brother Kate as he sings this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And there are two roads you may take. One by side and one by faith. Take the word of God or what you see, what you believe is what will be. Spread your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle is by grace. Spread your [Music] wings to the winds of faith. So what's your need? And what's your cry? What's your mountain? Is it much too high? Speak the word of God and by and by it will move. for you will fly. Spread your wings to the winds of faith and you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle for it's by grace that your wings To the winds of faith. Oh, watch the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not strive. [Music] All the [Music] power that makes him rise is already in the sky. Set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not [Music] struggle that it's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. There are two roads you can take. One by side and one by faith. You can take the word of God or what you see, what you believe, always what will be. So set your wings to the winds of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle is by grace. Sexual wings to the winds of faith. Oh, watch the eagle in the sky. Do you feel like an eagle this morning? He does not struggle. He does not strive for the power that makes him rise and the skies. Set your wings to the winds of faith where you can fly in a higher place. And do not struggle for is by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. So set your wings to the winds of it and you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle for it's by grace set your wings to the winds of faith. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Set your [Music] wings to the winds of faith. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand and go to the word today. [Music] Lord, how he me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up, turned me around, how he set my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout a hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout a hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory and all the honor and all the praise. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout a hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy for the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout a hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory, all the honor, and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Sing again. Makes me want Makes me want to shout. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory, all the honor. Yeah. All the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. All the glory, all the honor, all the praise. Oh yes. Oh yes. Somebody say, "Oh yes." Let's give the Lord a great praise. better than that. Let's give him a real one. Lift up your voice. Hallelujah. Oh, he's so good. He's so good. He's so good. He's so good all the time. All the time. God is good. Amen. You may be seated. Stay alert, please. We want to We've got several things that we want to share with you. And we want you to to to uh be awake. We want you to hear it. We don't want you to miss it. God is good. Amen. Thank you so much. Uh you're looking this way now. Thank you so much for all of your prayers. for us while we were gone. We needed them multiple times. And God was faithful because you prayed, because you cared, because you made a sacrifice. The Lord was faithful and he moved. I haven't gotten all my energy back just yet. Uh I don't know why, but you know, sometimes your body's fighting something off and you don't have a lot of symptoms, but something's going on. But uh also I'm not used to preaching four services that close together either. Hadn't been it's been a long time. But God was good. You would have been so blessed. I know you were needed here at your post of duty. But you would have been so blessed to have been in those meetings and those who were blessed and privileged to be able to be there were blessed. And not only did they receive a blessing, but uh they were a blessing. And we didn't know that at the last minute there would be a need for a musician. There was a brother who has been I guess raised in that church and we knew his parents for many many years who had been working a a particular schedule for a long time. And the weekend of the meetings the the schedule changed and he was required to be there and he only got to be there in one service. And uh I had felt in my heart that Cade was supposed to be there and we made arrangements for him to have a place and uh he came made the sacrifice to drive up and come and he was very needed. He ended up being the musician for the meetings and God blessed him and used him and anointed him. And then on Saturday night and Sunday, Brother Josh came up and he was needed on the guitar. And it just was uh a real privilege to be there. The atmosphere was so powerful. And I'm not exaggerating when I tell you, brother Adam Knight and Sister Ida, his wife, would want me to greet you and to tell you that they appreciate your prayers for the meetings. And the church on Friday night was packed. It was full with chairs put out. And there were pastors who had made quite a sacrifice to be there. And it meant a lot to us. Brother Scott Smith, who is a pastor of a of a nicesized church uh over an hour away. He was there on Friday night with his wife, Brother Adam, uh excuse me, brother Brother Danny Adams, who pastors a church there where we were three years ago. He and his wife were there Friday night and Saturday night. Brother Lindseay McGrady, who pastors a church quite a distance away, was there with his wife and his mother-in-law and father-in-law. What a real blessing to get to see brother and sister Ror in the service on Friday night. On Saturday night, there was some sort of hindrance at the beginning of the meeting. I'm down in the basement. Could have had something to do with the heat because the day of the meetings, the air conditioner went out. Well, it's a good thing it was a little cooler there than here. But they opened the door. They had to open the door outside to let some cool air in. And uh it was warm. I'm not going to tell you it wasn't warm. It was warm. But we made it anyhow. And uh God was good. I took off my tie, but I kept my coat on the whole time. So I kept half the protocol. But uh but there was such a you could feel it. I'm in the basement and I could hear and I could just sense that there was some sort of hindrance in the service at the beginning, but I don't know what shifted. But from the time I came out and I walked, the minute I put my foot on the platform, the presence of the Lord became so real. I just said, "It's the angel of the Lord here." That's all I knew to call it because his presence became so real that I went ended up on my on my knees and the pastor also overcome and the presence of the Lord so real across the entire service. They were calling me to take the service and I couldn't get up. I couldn't I couldn't stop weeping under that anointing to be able to even take the service. When I got there, I couldn't talk except to weep. and uh worship. And then the presence of the Lord sent me down to the pastor's son who needed a mighty touch from God. And as I began to pray for him, he began to weep in the presence of the Lord. And some little sisters turned loose and were out in the aisle. And the pastor gave him Can you wait a minute now? Wait till you hear this. The pastor gave a message in tongues and interpretation from the platform. This is unheard of. This is unheard of. Hallelujah. And uh so God was moving and Sunday he moved again among us and sister Evelyn was so glad to have all of us up in her neck of the woods and s and Mimi Sister Mimi was there with her and thank you for coming those of you who did those of you who didn't. Thank you for praying for us. God moved sovereignly. We didn't know we were getting such a swanky place for the cost of less than two hotel rooms. We had a house uh on the lake on Lake James. Is that right? Lake James. And uh when I say lakehouse, I mean a lakehouse, not a cabin. And the and the sun room sat out over the water. So when you're in the sun room looking down, you're you're over the water. And we were so thankful. We had no idea what we were getting. We thought it looked pretty in the pictures. And I told the pastor, I'm going to take care of our accommodation because my family's coming and it's my responsibility to take care of them, not yours. But the church was very generous. They took care of all of our expenses in in the offering that they gave. And we left there mightily blessed of the Lord. And we we got to stay an extra day for half price. And uh, Brother Bill Yance drove all the way down on Friday night with Jason, his son, and they were in the service and invited me to come up and preach Wednesday night. We almost didn't go. We needed to be home, but the Lord dealt with us. He just the pool was there. And they only have a small handful of people. And on Wednesday night, it's less than a handful. But I didn't care. It didn't matter to me. I was just going to be a encouragement to him. When you are 81 years old and you've lost your wife of 60 plus years and your your church has come down to a handful of people, I'd say you need a little encouragement. And so we just decided that we were going to do it. And we went up and took him out to eat on Tuesday night and then had service on Wednesday night. And to our surprise, to our surprise, there were close to 80 people there on Wednesday night, which was a shock. a shock to them and a shock to us. And you know how they got there? By Facebook invite. Jason just put out on Facebook, Brother Shelley's going to be preaching and singing. And we had a great time in the Lord. And if I told you the needs that were ministered to and the people that hadn't been in church in years that came to that meeting Wednesday night, there was a man sitting on the front row. And after the service, Brother Bill said, "Did you see that man sitting on the front row?" "Yes, I saw him." He said he hadn't been to church here in three years. He said, "But he told me he'd see me Sunday." He said, "If brother Shel's going to be preaching, I'm coming regardless." And God really moved and blessed and I'm thankful and the family was ministered to. Would you keep praying for them? Pray for Brother Adam and Sister Ida and his family. Uh it it's a beautiful thing that God's doing. It's a country church. It sits up on a hill. It would make an amazing painting. It sits up on a hill and a load of steps going up to it and it's it's just a beautiful little country place. Uh most of all, the presence of the Lord makes a difference. God makes a difference. I felt the floor shaking when the spirit of God began to move. And we're looking for something to come out of that even more than what we've already heard. They're going to be coming for a visit soon. Uh, I don't know how much of this to say, but we could always remove it later if I got too personal. But I looked down and I saw that there was a German sister on the front row with her husband. I assumed her husband and he didn't look quite as German to me as she did. She had on the stockings that the German ladies wear and when they're cold and how in the world she could have stood that, I don't know. But it was just that, her warm stockings and her mannerisms that let me know she was German the way she held her head. I hope that's not offensive, but it's the truth. But I thought I ought to know you. I I I think I've seen you. I think I've met you. But what are Germans doing up here in Morgan, North Carolina? I mean, that's just not a metropolis. I'll tell you that right now. There's a Walmart now and a few stores that they didn't have, but it's not a big big place. And uh the last night of the meeting uh I was told who they were. And uh it is it was the grandson one of the grandsons of brother Ewald Frank and the the son uh of uh of I'll get it in a minute uh Bernard in English Bernard. And we spent an evening with brother Bernard uh who who pastors a group in Germany. We spent an evening with him on the night of brother Green's funeral. And I can't tell you details, but he said something to me on Sunday that really really touched my heart. And it was that just the without giving the detail uh it was a little something that was said in the service that set his mind and heart to ease and he opened up. You've got to open up. You've got to open up. I'll be glad to tell some of you uh privately if you if you're interested, want to ask, but he was able to open up his heart and God came in and he he cried out in the in the presence of the Lord. And anyway, uh I know I'm taking time, but but what about asking you to pray and then not even telling you that that it was worth your prayers? Worth your prayers. And I've got plenty to say today, but I want to remind you that the fellowship meetings, Would you bring me a microphone? Uh, fellowship meetings are this weekend, April the 5th and the 6th. And I meant to tell you before I left, but Brother Dwayne Jackson is going to be preaching Saturday night, and I'll be preaching Sunday morning. The way that worked out is he was scheduled to preach at Brother David Templeton's right up the road. Brother David forgot that it was our fellowship meeting, which was fine. They're a sovereign church. We're a sovereign church. They can do them and we'll do us. And the times that we get to do it together are extra blessed. But then he invited us to come and and and uh to have a little meal too with them. And I I didn't want to answer because I didn't want to throw a wrench into what they were doing. So, I didn't even answer right away. And then last Sunday night, it was a week ago, he sent a text and he said, "I'm so stupid." And I said, "No, brother, you're not. You're a pastor and we get passes for forgetfulness. We have a lot on our mind." And uh he said, "Well, you know, is there something we can do to work it out?" And I said, "Well, yes, you can loan us your preacher for Saturday night and then he can preach for you Sunday morning and you can go right on with your plans." And you know, without any hesitation, I've never had cooperation from pastors ever. Without any hesitation, uh, Jonathan, he said, "A done deal, and we'll come with him Saturday night." So, we're looking forward to what the Lord will do Saturday night. Of course, they won't be with us Sunday morning, but I hear that others are coming in. It's going to be a good time. Uh K, can you play that song that you did so very well on uh Saturday night? Uh preserving all relationships because I placed a lot of pressure on him. And I said, "If you mess me up on this song, you're done. Don't ever look at my daughter [Music] again." And he did amazing. This was the only thing Brother Adam asked me. He said, 'I want you to obey the Lord when you come, but I've got one request. I want to hear you sing God Walks the Dark Hills. I've probably not sung it in 20 plus years. God walks the dark hills, the highways and byways. He walks through the [Music] billows of life's troubled [Music] sea. He walks through the cold dark night, the shadows of midnight. God walks the dark hills just to guide you and me. God walks the dark hills to guide my footsteps. He walks [Music] everywhere by night and by day he walks in silence. Oh, down the [Music] highway. God walks the dark hills to show me the way. Listen, God walks in the storm, in the rain and the sunshine. He walks on the billows or through glimmering light. Helps us walk up the mountain so high. Cross our rivers through valleyies. God walks the dark hills cuz he loves you and me. Sing it with me. God walks the dark hills to guide my footsteps. He walks [Music] everywhere by night and by day he walks in silence. Oh, down the highway. God walks the dark hills just to show me the way. Listen to this last verse again. God walks through the storm, through the rain and the sunshine. He walks on the billows or through glimmering light. Helps us walk up the mountain so high. Cross rivers through valleyies. And God walks the dark hills cuz he loves you. and me. Sing it with me, would you? God walks the dark hills to guide my footsteps. Yes, you do, Lord. And he walks everywhere. By night and by day he walks in silence. Oh, down the highway. God walks the dark hills just to show me the way. Aren't you glad he does? Aren't you glad he does? Aren't you glad he does? You folks are sleepy. Don't you sleep at night? Come here, brother Luke Yovic. and come down here, Sister Megan Yovic, please. Unannounced, unprepared. Few weeks ago, y'all stand beside each other and face the glorious congregation. A few weeks ago, my wife and family, girls at least, were gone to Indiana to a meeting. And uh I was in my pajamas on a Saturday afternoon, not expecting any company because most people know I appreciate a little heads up. But that's not a surprise with a heads up, is it? I go to the door in my pajamas thinking that it is the FedEx. I had just received a notification for delivery and I went to get my delivery and there stood Brother Luke and Sister Megan Yovic with sheepish looks on their faces. And I said, "Oh Lord, I'm not dressed. Let me go get my clothes on. Let me get something besides my pajamas on." I go running down the hall. Joshua comes out of his room. He's not uh properly attired either, really. He goes to the door and leaves them standing on the porch. And I said, "Well, at least let them come in. They're here to see us." And I go back in and I said, "Well, I already know." Because I had seen the way she was moving. Megan moves differently. She's a creature of of habit. And when she's expecting, she moves a little different than other people. And I noticed it for about two weeks. But I had no clue about the rest. So I want her and him, whoever. But but she's the one who told me part of it and then he can tell part. But I want you to tell about the little details, too. I think the church would appreciate knowing the dates and the different things. You all can hand them out back and forth or whatever. Oh boy. Um, well, it's [Music] [Applause] twins. We'll just start with that. Um, we went to our ultrasound and like we had talked about, you know, the possibility after with Rayma. We thought, you know, he said he had thought about it even before her that like our necks will probably be twins. I didn't think that. Well, we go to our ultrasound and we're just sitting there and I'm just praying everything looks good and she runs the scanner across my belly and he grabs my arm and I grab her arm and I was like, "Is it twins?" And she goes, "Yes." And like the whole room erupted. Our kids were jumping and screaming and mom was like, "I knew it." Because she'd been telling me for a week she thought it was. Um but okay, you tell the rest. Uh the the due date is projected at October 18th, the day we lost Rayma. And so we're just same date. Same date. She was born and lost. They lost her. Same day. What was the brother said that day? I mean, it's pretty incredible. Um the day that we had her little funeral, um pastor was praying for us in our room and um he was praying and he said, "God will redeem and restore." And like when she ran that I was just like, "He's doing it right now." And then to top it all off, the due date, it was just so much so overwhelming. I was like, "We're going to tell them right now." Like right now. So it's twins. Ain't that wonderful? Oh, that's so good. Congratulations to both of you. That's [Applause] wonderful. God is good. Let's thank the Lord for these musicians. My the Lord is good. Isn't that beautiful? It is. That is beautiful. He doesn't make a mistake. And they might let you see a ultrasound if you'd like to see one. The last one I saw, I've seen two two times now. The last one I saw was it looked exactly like upstairs and downstairs apartments. It looked like they were sitting in apartments right on top of each other. One baby up here and one baby down there. God is good. They went through a dark time and the Lord is giving them back, we believe, some some double blessing. And uh some folks wouldn't be excited about it, but they are and I am too cuz I don't have to take care of them every day. God bless you. Let's stand for the reading of the word. Uh I don't know that uh some of these dates were mentioned while I was gone. I have not yet had a chance to see the services. I heard I've heard nothing but wonderful reports about the preaching and I know it was good and I will listen. I just haven't had an opportunity to do it. We didn't get home till Thursday night and I just haven't had a chance but I want to. But last Monday was Sister Phoe's birthday. Not this past but while I was away. And then Wednesday of that week was Carter's birthday. And um we didn't I wasn't here to remember or to to announce it, but uh Wednesday the 26th, how old did you turn, Carter? 13. That's pretty special birthday, isn't it? Let's Let's thank the Lord for Carter. Wish him a belated happy birthday. And then the Gies celebrated on last Friday their 43rd wedding anniversary. That's pretty profound. And that was also Sister Greta Christensen's birthday. And uh uh hoping that they might see this. They're longtime friends and streamers of this ministry in Norway. We send them lots of love. And if they should happen to to hear this service, I sure would love to hear from Brother Frank and know how they're doing um across the water there. And this coming Wednesday, April the 2nd, is Sister Alfreda's birthday. So, you're going to want to make sure to wish her a very happy birthday on Wednesday of this week. And then on Friday of this week, uh, would be the anniversary of Brother Peter McFarland and Sister April Reigns. And they were married in 2009. How much time did you all How many years did you all get to spend together then? Just under two years they got to spend together. But, uh, it was a great expression of their love one for another. And we sure do miss brother I miss Peter many many many times. Then this coming Saturday, April the 5th is Isaiah Ellsworth's birthday and uh he's had a rough day today. Uh so let's pray for him. He is about to turn three. We're believing that's going to help him in every way. Isn't God good? Let's turn in our Bible this morning. It's just 12:23. We have plenty of time. Let's turn in our Bible to Proverbs chapter 16 verse 18. We're finishing up uh the sin of pride and how pride and hottiness like to partner with the spirit of offense to bring both bondage and eventual deception. I've got a few little uh short piece of of review and then we're going to move on. Uh it's not easy to keep up with this because I have uh three or four series going at once. We are on above all else part 22. We are on the characteristics and strongholds of offense part 11. We are on the deadly trio of pride hottiness partnered with offense part seven. And before we leave here today, we will have started uh another uh subset that I'd like to call the subtle spell. How manipulation and control enter in through offense. And that would be part one. So we're dropping off pride and moving into something else. Proverbs 16:18, pride goeth before destruction and anaughty spirit before a fall. Father, we come to you Lord today as humble as we know how. Humility is not something we can put on and fake it or uh pretend. Humility is something that comes from real relationship with you. When we realize how far you condescended, how far you stepped down to become like us, you are the ultimate example of humility. And we thank you that you have modeled it for us. And there's a fight uh it seems in the end time, that great battle of the mind. And the enemy wants to lead us into various virtues of pride. But we ask that you would help us today that we would be free from all pretense of pride. We also pray that you would expose to us the ways that manipulation and control desire to operate among us. We want to be led by the spirit and not controlled by spirits. So we ask for your help today in this study. Uh, I sense that the people are also a bit weary and scattered in thought and I need you, Lord, to help me lay a foundation for what is ahead. And I'm depending on you today to come and give us grace to do that. We will praise you abundantly because you're always lovely and altogether worthy of the praise. We ask for your help. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. And the saints said, "Amen." Amen. You may be seated. Just remember, you ain't the only one going through a battle. You're not the only one that's in a struggle. Amen. The bride of Christ around the world is in a battle for their mind. But we're going to win it. We're going to win it. We're going to win it. And the very fact sometime that we want to call so much attention to our own struggle is rooted in pride. And so sometimes we need to overcome not only because God has made us overcomers. He said I want you to know I've overcome the world. So I'm writing to you to overcome. That's how we overcome by the way is in his overcoming power. Uh we have to remember sometime that if we pull too much of the focus on our own struggle, our own problem, then we cause others to lose their footing. And we got to have somebody we trust. We've got to have somebody we can talk to. We've got to have somebody that we can find strength with. Uh that is that is a fact. But it's like fasting. When we fast, we don't come dragging into church with a with a pale face and and sleepy cracklings in our eyes and messy hair and wanting everybody to know we're fasting. The scriptures said when you fast, you wash your face. You anoint your head with oil and you go on work your job if that's what is required. And we've had some brothers here who went into some uh long periods of fasting, working every day in the hot sun because they wanted a meeting with God. God is faithful. Amen. And they didn't run around telling everybody. Of course, when their clothes started falling off, people will start asking uh why you're looking so so slim all of a sudden. But we don't want to draw attention to ourselves in our giving. We don't want to draw attention to ourselves in our struggle. We always want the focus to be on the only one who can help us get out and that is the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise him. Give him praise. Give him praise. Let him be the light. Let him be the focus. Let your vocabulary and your language be that of an overcomer. Uh whether you feel like overcoming or not, whether you feel like you are overcoming or not. Uh because there's power in the right confession. Let the weak say I am strong. Didn't say let the weak say I can barely make it. Didn't say let the weak say I'm on my last leg. It said let the weak say I'm strong. Let the poor not the poor. Didn't say to the poor we go around and say I can, you know, hardly get enough for a can of soup. said, "Let the poor say I'm rich because I tap into resources that are not of this world." How many of you are glad that your strength is not of this world? Your riches are not of this world. Your provision is not dependent on this world. You're tapping in to what God has on the other side. Pride goeth before destruction. Proverbs 16:18 says, and that word pride, if you'll put that up, uh it is it is 1347 strongs, H for Hebrew, and the word is gaon. And gaon is also translated arrogancy because sometimes pride and arrogancy are are synonymous. To be arrogant is rooted in pride. It also means exaltation. It means excellency, majesty, pomp, proud, swelling up. Here gaon reflects an excessive self- reggard that opposes humility. And according to the scripture here, it invites downfall. The main message of this verse is saying that pride and arrogance lead to ruin. They never lead us closer to Christ. never leads us to victory, never leads us to overcoming power. It only leads to ruin. The phrase goeth before pride goeth before means that pride comes first. It's the cause of the warning s. It's the cause or the warning sign of what's coming next. Destruction. Walk in pride, destruction's going to follow. Sha same with a hotty spirit. It sets you up for a fall. When we look at the word hottie, it it it speaks to us of being uncorrectable. Uninstructable. Someone who it let me just say it like mama used to say it, a knowit-all. Can I tell you, nobody likes a know-it-all. That's why preachers are so despised is because in their very in their very delivery, it almost looks like they know. They think they know everything. Well, I want you to know I don't know everything. I know more than those who don't bother to look. I know more than those who don't ever approach the word, but I don't know everything. And he has to teach me every day of my life. I make sure to pull myself up to his table every day of my life to be taught of the spirit. And brother, if that's the best teacher, the Holy Ghost is the best teacher that there could ever be. He will lead us and guide us, instruct us into the ways of all truth. That's what the Bible said. Amen. So, a hotty spirit is a spirit that knows it already. You know, I find that when you try to advise people today with unsolicited advice and sometimes with solicited adi advice, when they ask you, but but they don't always ask you, but you feel the opportunity to give a little instruction, a little advice, a little I've been there, done that, and I might can help you along the way. I find that people's first reaction verbally is often I know. Have you ever noticed that? Watch your kids. Watch your kids. You'll learn from the three-year-old to the 30year-old. Watch them. You can't tell them anything that they don't already know. But the reality is you wouldn't be in the mess you're in. You wouldn't be in the squeeze you're in if you knew what you said you knew. All right. I find sometime that when you're trying to help people, especially those who come asking for help, that they're often not listening to what you're saying, they're they're often formulating what their reply is going to be. You know, a conversation would take twice as long if everybody would listen. Oh, I'm gonna help you. I'm going to help you in your relationships if you let me. It would be twice as long if everybody would listen first and then come up with your reply. Make sure you understand what's being said before you formulate your reply to what is being said. That's very important. And don't start a sentence with I know. If you just have to say I know, say I know you're right. Now pray for me that I can remember it when I'm in trouble. Because if you know, that means you always know. But the problem is sometimes in the heat of the battle, in the minute of the test, we forget what we know. That's why we have the Holy Ghost. I was reading this week where brother Brandham said, you know, uh the Pentecostal church, he said they've they've redefined uh uh so many things and and changed the way things are said. He said they always say Holy Spirit. Now, there's nothing wrong with saying Holy Spirit. That's what he is. He is the ruach hakodesesh which means the holy breath or the holy spirit of god or even holy wind of god. That's what he is. But he said they want to take that holy ghost and make it uh denominationally sound a little more appealing to those who haven't yet committed to the Pentecostal faith. And he said, "We ought not to be changing our vocabulary to make it more uh uh uh easy to make it easier for people to to endure it." He said, "We ought to stay with the word." Amen. So, I thought I would just throw that in. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and he's keeping me alive. Can you say amen to that? So, let's not be hotty. Let's not be arrogant. Let's not let our pride lead us. Destruction follow us. Here's here's three things. I think it's three why uh we should be uh uh watching constantly this subtle uh approach of pride. Number one, pride blinds you. When you're too proud, you might overestimate yourself, ignore good advice, or think you don't need help. That can lead to big mistakes. Remember I told you about the brother who was offended when I spoke to him about getting somewhere where he could get help. He said, "Oh yeah, you what makes you think we need help?" Because everybody needs help. And if you're not in a place where you can get help, you need to find a place where you can get help. Nobody's saying you're lost. It's just saying we all need God's help. I need him every day. Don't you? And number two, pride pushes people away. When someone is overconfident, which often times overconfidence can be a front for inferiority complex. Did you know some people come bashing into a conversation not because they're confident, but because they're they feel inferior and they overcompensate for their inferiority. So don't judge someone as prideful just because they come in like a bull in a china closet. There are also brain reasons and chemical reasons why some people don't know how to interact socially. And so sometimes they get misjudged as being prideful when the reality is they have a condition that's somewhere on the spectrum and they don't really know how to socially interact. Did you know there is a condition that is becoming more prevalent in the world that we live in today where people are are struggling chemically through the brain to feel remorse? There are certain levels of autism on the scale where the person dealing with that kind of condition cannot they they are seemingly unccapable of even registering remorse or sorrow for their behavior. Sometimes we might be guilty of misunderstanding someone who needs more than repentance and remorse. They need a rewiring. I want you to know we serve a creative God who's not only able to balance our hormones and our chemicals, but he's also able to rewire the circuits of our brain. Yes, sir. So, let's know if it's pride and let's recognize if it's just overcompensation for inferiority. You say you're focusing on complexes. Well, brother Brandham experienced complexes and confessed to us that they were a part of his life. And with with the help of the Lord and by the truth of God's word, he overcame those complexes. And you and I can too. Don't make more of something than there is really lying there. As much as possible, live peaceable with all men. Just do your best to get along and don't dare judge someone else's motives. You may see what they've done. You may know that according to the word, what they've done is wrong, but that does not give us permission to judge someone's motives for what they've done. Arrogance annoys others. Pride is so intricately connected to rejection. And then pride and arrogancy is one of the reasons why people continue to be rejected. It's an overcompensation again. It's working too hard to be accepted. How many of you want the Lord to just welcome you as his child? If the Lord loves you, if the Lord accepts you, if the Lord is okay with you, you may never convince some people how wonderful you are. But if the Lord loves you, you may never be able to convince some people you're normal. But if the Lord loves you and if he accepts you, don't quit working on yourself. Don't quit trying to improve things. scripturally in your life. But be careful that in your arrogancy, you're not pushing others away because then you lose support and you start making enemies who might work against you. And then the final pride invites trouble. Both people and God according to the Bible resist the proud. God resists the proud and people resist the proud. When we see somebody operating in untethered pride, we want them we want to teach them something. Not you, just me. We want to teach them something. We We want to see them come down a notch or two. The problem is they don't belong to us. They're his and let him take care of his own. In short, if you're full of pride or you act superior, you're walking straight toward a downfall, whether it's losing something important like a job or a relationship or your reputation. So, check up regularly that your offense is not just something rooted in pride and can easily be healed and let go of by the grace of the Lord. Paul warned us in 2 Corinthians 12 and verse 6 about selfexaltation. Sometimes we need recognition. Sometimes we need a title. It's so popular in the Pentecostal and charismatic world today to put your five-fold ministry office on the card. You know, prophet so and so, apostle so and so, evangelist so and so, pastor even so and so. It's not necessary to announce your calling. It's not necessary. When I traveled among the charismatics, everybody who approached me would approach me the same way. They wanted to tell me a dream or a vision or a feeling or an experience or sensation or a zipper that buzzed or something. They all wanted to tell us something, but they all turned me off because they approached me this way. Now, brother Shelly, I'm a very spiritual person. Burp. Anybody ever seen The Family Feud years ago? Burp. Wrong answer. When somebody has to come up and tell you how spiritual they are, there's something in me that says, "Uh-uh." Cuz spiritual people don't have to announce they're spiritual. Spiritual people are just who they are and they just live who they are. Come on now. They don't have to go around telling everybody how spiritual they are. There's a reason for that. That's some more of that inferiority. That's some more of that needing some self. You You need to be exalted a little bit. So, you're helping the Lord out. Look at 2 Corinthians 12 and 6. For though I would desire to glory, I shall not be a fool. This is the greatest apostle of all times here. And and here's what he said. I shall not be as a fool, for I will say the truth, but now I forebear, lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be, or that he heareth of me, and lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations. There was given to me, help me, a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be. God gave Paul a thorn in the flesh, a messenger of Satan to remind him of his humanity when he started getting fluffed up because of believing the message. God allowed a thorn, a messenger to come. Some people believe it was a a a problem with his eyesight. I'm not sure that's what he's talking about since he specifically calls whatever this is the messenger of Satan to buffet me. It makes me wonder if it wasn't a companion gone sour, a friend, an associate in ministry. I don't know exactly what it was. For anyone to say they know would be speculation because the scripture doesn't tell us. But whatever it was, it kept Paul firmly footed on the ground when he wanted to get a little high up and a little high and mighty over the revelation that God was giving him. That word exalted there in the Greek, it means, and it's a long word. Look how long that word is in in Greek. And it means to lift or raise up over something to lift oneself up to beaughty to carry oneselfily to behave in solit. The reason why I'm wondering if it is more than just a physical infirmity. The word that is used there is the angelos. It's the same word that means a messenger. an envoy, one who is sent, especially an angel by implication in the positive, a pastor, a messenger from God. But the reality is this was one sent by Satan to keep Paul on the ground. I want you to know that I can assure you God's still doing it. That's right. I'm here to testify to you that he still sent God is still sending messengers of Satan to buffet the servants of God to keep them from getting a little too big for their britches. Is that all right to use that kind of language? Well, how would you know, brother Shel? Cuz I have my own and I have had some through the years. In the message, the queen of the south, brother Brandham said, "You see what pride and selfishness does? It shuts you out from the kingdom of God." Does anybody find that to be a little heavy? My pride, my selfishness keeps me on the outside of the kingdom looking in. How many of you want to live on the outside looking in? No, we want to live on the inside of the kingdom of God looking out. Live the life of an overcomer. And in the message Jehovah Gyra, Brother Benham said, "What ought all our conduct to be? Not like the world, but we should act like sons and daughters of God. conduct ourselves like king's children, not like slaves of fashions and slaves of passion and slaves of pride. We should be what? Sons and daughters of God and act like it and conduct ourselves that way. Let our conversations and everything be seasoned with God's spirit. Isn't that a wonderful quotation? Turn to Romans chapter 1 with me this morning because I want to show you quickly the link between pride, offense, and deception. Romans chapter 1 verse 21 through32 said, "Because that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful." They knew God, but they glorified him not as God. Neither were they thankful, but became vain, proud, hotty, arrogant in their what? Imaginations. And their foolish heart was darkened. This shows us the connection between pride, offense, and deception. their foolish heart was darkened. Then he goes on, professing themselves to be wise. They didn't say they started off as fools. It said they were bragging on how wise they were. And the more they bragged on how wise they were, how much wisdom they had, the the the dumber they became. They became like fools. Paul said, "You should see the the context." If you don't know the context of Romans 1, some of you know it automatically. If you don't know the context of Romans 1, you're going to get a touch of it right now. They became like fools. They bragged about their wisdom. They became like fools. And look at what happened. This is a really a description of Sodom and Gomorrah. You see, they they they knew God, but they didn't care to keep him around to worship him or acknowledge him as God. And they were not thankful for the benefit and the blessing and the provision of God. They bragged about their wisdom until they became fools. And this was the natural progression. This is a serious indictment. Hear it. This is a serious subject here. We won't stay here long. And they changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man and to birds and for-footed beasts and creeping things. They they recreated God. They formed a God that was more like them than the God of the Bible. Did you know that's the very motive of religion in this hour? To recreate a God in the image of man. That's true. That's not what happened in the beginning. In the beginning, God made a man in the image of God and a man fell. And so God came down and walked as a man that he might restore man back to the place of authority that he was given in the beginning made in the image and the likeness of almighty God. A God with a little G. The prophet tells us a God with a portion of deity in him. A man with a portion of deity in him making him a little G God. Somebody said, "That just gives me a lot of creepies." Well, I want you to know it's scriptural. I'm not sure where your creepies come from, but it's scriptural. It's so scriptural that the New Testament tells us that those who receive that transformation will have the power to forgive sin or to retain sin. These are the ambassadors of God in the end time. These are the God men of the last age. And we can say and women because this is not a genderless message. This is the manifestation of the sons of God that the world gets so bent out of shape on because perhaps okay it has been taken out of context and misused. But the reality is the same. The scripture tells us that all of creation is groaning for the full manifestation of the God men, the sons of God to come forth. Oh, they're the children of the manchild. They are the offspring of the of the original, the one who who became the perfect one. Right, brother? He wasn't the perfect one. As soon as he condescended into flesh, he was then no longer 100% perfect. His spirit was his flesh not. That's why the Bible said, "Though he were a son, yet he had to learn." Yes. He learned perfection by the things he suffered. Oh, what an example, folks. God loved us so much. He loved us so much. He loved us so much in the beginning that he he devised a plan that that's the greatest plan. It's the best deal. I'm telling you, if you don't want no part of it, you are losing out. You are missing out, brother. This relationship with God to become what he created us to be in the beginning. It's a process. It's a battle. It's not all easy. It's full of hard knocks and high places and low places and curves in the road and valleys and mountain tops and hills and es and flow in the river flow. all that all that stuff. And yet it's worth it all to be made like him. So they just started making God in the images that they were familiar with. Let's make him more like a man, corruptible. Let's let's let's make him like a bird. Let's let's let's put foroot on him. Let's make him a beast. Let's make him like a creeping thing. This is what Greek mythology and Roman mythology did. Let's make God more like a creature. Pull him down so we can understand him. You don't have to pull God down to understand him. He came down. He condescended so that you could be filled with who he is. Are you here? All right. So then after they began to do that, making these creeping images and so forth, it said, "Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts to dishonor their own bodies between themselves." When you pull God down to a fallen, corruptible man, when you pull God down and make him like a beast and you want to be like that, God said, "Go ahead. just do whatever you'll do and they did and they began to uh absolutely defile their own bodies in the way they behaved. If God is now in the image of a creature, then filthy false religions begin to have filthy false associations with animals. That's right. Goes all the way back to Leviticus. It's it's rotten. It's sickening. But it's reality. And why did it exist? Because man kept wanting to put God in something that he could relate to. The next thing he becomes attracted to where he has placed his God and he starts behaving like an absolute animal. Some animals have more sense than a man who falls into this kind of a category. He said, "Who changed the truth of God into a lie and worshiped and served the creature the creature more than the creator who is blessed forever." Amen. For this cause, again, this is an indictment of Sodom and Gomorrah. It's an indictment of the United States of America. It's an indictment of the hour that we're living in right now. For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections. For even their women did change the natural use into that which is what if I told you that the cutting of the hair is speaking of the same thing. It's against nature. It's here is a woman so fallen that she's changing the natural use of her body and the relationship that God has created for intimacy and reproduction. It has now taken her out of her own nature and it is working that which is not natural. That's right. Come on. And in the same way that it's blending the gender, then the the the the difference in the hair, it it goes on. It it just keeps progressing on and on and on. I I don't I don't apologize for making it that plain because that's exactly right. Uh he goes on, "And likewise also the men leaving the natural use of the woman burned in their lust one toward another men with men working that which is unseemly and receiving in themselves that recompense of their error which was meat. There's a judgment. I'm I'm sorry to say it's scriptural though to say there's a judgment. It's both physical and spiritual. the judgment. And even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, how did they get in this condition? How did the world even open this kind of a thing up? It's because forefathers, those ahead of us, found themselves in this kind of position. This is not a new thing. This isn't this isn't 20th century or 21st century. This goes all the way back to the beginning. And even as they did not like to retain God knowledge, God in in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind to continue, we could say, to do those things which are not convenient. And they are not godly and they are celebrated in our society and it's a battle being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness, full of envy and murder and debate and deceit and malignity and whisperers. It goes on. Whisperers, even backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents. I always find it to be strange that God tucked that in there through the apostle. We're talking about all kinds of filthy, horrible, damnable things. We're talking about illicit sexuality, perversion, etc. And right in there, disobedient parents. Did somebody make a mistake? No. It's part of the same barrel. God's saying rebellion is rebellion, and I'm going to deal with it. God is saying that rebellion is rebellion, sir. God is saying disrespect is disrespect. Amen. And there is an outworking of it. There is an end to it. It just keeps going and going and going until it ends up in a place where you would never desire to be without understanding, covenant breakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful, who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them. Paul is taking this a step further and he's saying you by default can fall under a same judgment by taking pleasure by taking fellowship with those who do these things. I didn't write the book. I'm not even interpreting it. I'm just actually sort of reading it to you. Are you with me? And we're moving on. 2 Thessalonians chapter 2 10 and 12. And with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish because they receive not the love of the truth that they might be saved. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie that all might be damned who believe not the truth but had pleasure here it is again in unrighteousness. What we find out when we just when we really study what happened and the progression of the behavior in Sodom and Gomorrah, we find out that homosexuality was not the original problem. The original problem was pride. When you fall into pride, there is a natural progression of development. And that's when you begin to see the creature as having more importance than the creator. Now, there's nothing wrong with working out. There's nothing wrong with having a a healthy and strong body. But you need to understand that Paul, who wrote these words, was aware that they're spiritual exercises that are way more important. I'm just going to wait a minute. There are spiritual exercises with far greater results than in the natural. That's why Paul said to Timothy, "Bodily exercise profitth little." It didn't mean that it's not a good idea to move your body to stay healthy and and and to keep your joints lubricated. That's a great idea if you want to move around while you're on Earth. It's a good thing to do unless you want to be in the bed the last few years of your life. It's a good thing to do. But there are things that are if you're looking at eternal value and you're looking at that which is really valuable in life, there are spiritual exercises, praying, reading your Bible, worshiping God, staying connected to him in a relationship that are far more important than that. You see, the whole word gymnasium goes back to false religion. It goes all the way back to Roman culture. Homosexuality was the rage. The richer you are, the more the more involved you were. And the problem with all of that is they they obsessed. They so obsessed and drove themselves to the gymnasiums of their day. That's how the whole Olympic thing started. It started as a part of false religion. It wasn't just uh uh you know innocent competition. It started as a part of false religion. Man began to see himself as so good-looking. I I read an article one time about when mirrors were first added to men's gymnasiums so that men could look at themselves. And when I say themselves, I don't just mean their beard. I mean themselves and they worked to to look better in the mirror in pagan culture. They did it with such a spirit that did not like to retain God and godliness until they fell in love with the image of their own body and that's what led them to homosexuality. The sin of homosexuality is a it's rooted in pride. And it goes all the way back to the worship of the creation instead of the creator. Somebody said, "What's that got to do with it? Why are you even bringing this out on when you're talking about pride?" Because that's what happens. Pride goeth before it leads the way for destruction. Not just a fall, but destruction. And this is how it all comes together. The connection between arrogance, pride, hottiness, and offense. Arrogance is an exaggerated sense of one's own importance or abilities, often leading to disregard for others. I I'm sickened by the fact that people constantly talk about they're better than someone else. I'm better than you are. I'm better than you are. I'm better at that than you are. I do better at that than you do. Why don't you just toot your own horn? Oh, that's what you're already doing. Why don't you just stop tooting your own horn? The Bible tells us, "Let somebody else praise you." Let somebody else tell how wonderful you are. Watch preachers, we're the worst. Let somebody else tell you how wonderful you are. Don't let that I'm just kidding. I'm just joking. It's just a joke. It's all in fun. We don't mean anything by you. Don't let Let let me see how hard it would be for you to stop bragging on yourself. I shot a so and so. I hit a so and so. I did such and such and so many yards. What? My mind doesn't even work that way. You could tell me 50 yards. I don't even know how far that is. I'd have to walk it off. I can't just look out through the yard and see it like some of you can. I did this and I did that and I'm the best at disc golf and I'm the best at volleyball and I'm the best at and I'm in the gym seven days a week and I can lift, you know, I can bench lift 390 lbs and you better do it in proper form or you're going to have problems that are going to embarrass you one of these days. And they have to start cutting them out of you. You know those You know what I'm talking about, don't you? Straining like that. And it's like having a baby. Hello. We get so caught up. We get so caught up. We've got to catch ourselves here. He said arrogance isn't exaggerated. Listen. Listen. everybody else in a in a picture smiling and you look like you could spit a ten penny nail. You think that's cute? I don't. I find it to be a an attribute of pride. It's like when you knock somebody down trying to get in the door. We got to watch these things. They may be very innocent now, but according to the scripture, they lead to deception and eventually a perversion that causes great judgment. I know that seems a little rough, but it's it's just right. It's right. It's right. I can go back to North Carolina. I was offered a church Wednesday. I don't have to be here. I'm here because I want to be here. Because God called me here. But you're going to have to take I'm not an evangelist when I'm here. I've been told this week more than once I I never heard that. Brother Shelley preaching while we were away. That's because I was doing the work of an evangelist. An evangelist chills and thrills and then leaves and the pastor has the real work. That's right. That's right. That's right. I've seen it right here in our own church and evangelists come and say less than what I say and get 10 times the reaction. I just it don't even you can't even let it hurt your feelings. It's a difference in the offices. I don't believe pastors should be gone all the time, but I think it's absolutely healthy and in order for a pastor to go and preach to somebody else on occasion. It causes so many different little reconnections. It causes you, a pastor, to appreciate the people that he has, unless he comes home and they're all asleep. It brings out more giftings in him that he hasn't used in a while. And it's good to encourage another group of people and you pull out all your wonderful phrases and you do all the things that you know the wows, but it takes more than that to steward a body week after week after week. Amen. Okay. It says now it's closely tied to pride. Arrogance is an exaggerated sense of one's own importance or abilities often leading to disregard for others. It is closely tied to pride and hottiness which when unchecked lead to offense and spiritual bondage. The Bible warns against arrogance and its consequences. Look at Proverbs chapter uh 8 and verse uh 13, excuse me. The fear of the Lord, the fear of the Lord is to hate evil. The fear of the Lord is to hate evil. The fear of the Lord is to hate evil. Pride and arrogancy. And the evil way and the forward mouth. God said do I hate. That word arrogancy is ga. It's the same word we used just a moment ago for pride. The exact same word. Now, Proverbs chapter 8 verse 13 in the amplified. Look at it here. The reverent fear and worshipful awe of the Lord includes the hatred of evil, pride, arrogance, the evil way, and perverted and twisted speech. I hate this is not a mistransation. It's actually absolutely proper and in line with the original Greek to tie the two together. The fear of the Lord is to worship him and to have reverential respect and awe of the greatness of our mighty God. But connected to that is we must also hate evil. We must also hate what pride does. We must also hate the arrogancy that tries to creep up in our life. It's an evil way. It's a perverted way. I just showed you in Romans and Thessalonians. It's a perverted way. Satan is not a creator. He's just a perverter. Are you with me? Good. Romans 12:3. We've covered five whole pages. We're doing amazing. For I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think. And I want you to know that means even your problems, even your troubles, even your struggles when you have to have a prayer chain because you've got roaches. You want everybody's attention called to your pest problem. You've got you've got some options here. Pray for yourself. Call your closest prayer partner and either come off a hundred bucks and have an exterminator come or buy you a big can of raid. It's not a spiritual crisis. We should be careful how we think of ourselves. See, this is not how we look at this. We look at it as like, oh my, nobody's No, no, no. That's not the only thing. I've I've been I've dug so deep down into pride. I have found so many ways that pride creeps in my own life until I'm flabbergasted because you wouldn't necessarily perhaps see yourself as a prideful person until you realize that it means way more than just walking around like you're the the the top dog, right? Kill your roaches and come on back to church. Make up your mind. I don't have to have all the focus on me. I don't have to have everybody looking at me and thinking about me all the time. Make you a prayer list, folks. Pray over that prayer list. Love one another. Pray for one another. Don't be embarrassed to call somebody for prayer. That's not what I'm saying. But I'm saying don't ever think that your way is so hard that you're the only one that could make it. We're all in a battle. I want I said this whole time I was gone. We're all in a battle. And the way we really win is by really focusing on somebody else's battle. Getting our mind off of our own battle and helping somebody else get up a little bit. That's good preaching anyway. But we get mad. We get a little offended. Yeah. Not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith. You heard that? That word soberly is the Greek word 493 in Strongs. And it says, "Be in the right mind." Think in your right mind. And it says, "What's next?" Somebody read it next. To exercise what? self-control. To put a moderate estimate upon oneself, to think of oneself soberly with a right mind, to curb one's passions, to realize that we're all tempted as our Lord was tempted. And how did he overcome? Without sin, by the word. The anointed ones at the end time. Paragraph 285. Not that we disagree with you, brother, to be different. Many of you here might be trinitarian preachers. Why, Lord of mercy, I was shocked after my service Wednesday night. The two women who amen me the most looked as looked the most godly. They told me later they were trinitarian women and maybe even preachers. I said, "Well, praise God for them cuz I needed their amens." They did look a little funny. I didn't know who they were. They did look a little funny when I said come to the water and be baptized in the only Christian baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. They did look a little funny then. But I needed their help. He said, "Not that we disagree with you, brother, to be different." Many of you here might be trinitarian preachers. We don't want to be angry with you. We love you. If we didn't, if I didn't believe that, I'd never leave the church till I got down there on my knees and said, "God, make me right." How many of you think that'd be good for all of us to do before we go home today? Just a few seconds on our knees. God, I don't want that arrogant. This is Brother Brandham. I don't want that arrogant, selfish spirit mixed up with mine. I want my spirit to be pure and clean, brotherly love, holy with the Holy Spirit. Now, if someone does anything wrong to me, hello You all looking this way? Anybody resembling this remark? Now, if anyone does anything wrong to me, huh? That's all right. That's all right. They did worse to my Lord. I ain't never going to speak to that. I ain't never going to do give a I ain't never going to try to help that. I ain't That's all right. He said, "If someone does anything to me, that's all right. That's all right. And though I might have the right to get back at them. And though I might have the right to get back at them, let me see you. And though I might have the right to get back at them, I don't want that in my life. It's exhausting, Sister Flo. It's exhausting to think you got to work to get somebody back for what they did. I got to teach him a lesson. Like I've always said, I've got to give her a piece of my mind. You be careful, honey. You're running short. You better hold on to every piece of your mind you got. No, you don't have to get nobody back. No, you don't have to give anybody a piece of your mind. No, you don't have to speak your peace. No, he said, I want to have love. I want to be ready to correct with love. With love that absolutely answers out yonder for it. There's coming an answer. We're going to have to answer for what we do wrong. Are you with me? Now, let's move to the next section of this study. I'll take a few more minutes. I want to call this section the subtle spell. Spell like a potion spell. I want to call it the subtle spell. How manipulation and control enter through offense. Manipulation is a key strategy of the enemy to bring division, control, and deception into the body of Christ. You better buckle your seat belt. It's often rooted in pride and offense. I think I I think you may have these notes. But it does not work alone. It partners with other spirits to form a stronghold that might that must be discerned, controlled, and broken. Manipulation. Someone say the word with me, would you? Manipulation. The subtle spell. There's a spell that sweeps through the body of Christ. One so subtle that it often goes undetected. It does not come with witches hats or pentagrams. It comes with wounded hearts, bruised egos cloaked in offense, manipulation, control. Galatians chapter 3 verse one. Let's look at it. Oh foolish Galatians, men and women, brothers and sisters of Galatia, who hath bewitched you, a spell. If we were to look at this, it means who has cast a spell over you that you should not obey the truth before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you. When we look at the root meaning of this verse of scripture, it talks about the the uh terrible tragedy of trying to continue something in the flesh that is birthed and has its origination in the spirit. I want to tell you the message of the hour, the revelation of Jesus Christ was birthed in the spirit. And those men and women who are dedicating their lives to try to keep it going in the flesh are missing the point. It's witchcraft. It's witchcraft to try to build in the flesh. what starts in the spirit. Everybody feeling like they've got to wear the cloud on their clothes or they've got to have the cloud everywhere or they've got to have a prophet's picture everywhere or they've got to do this and that or if anything negative is said uh that might bring any negative reflection. Uh we they've got there's a police out there that'll text you and call you and get a hold of you because they want to make sure that we don't do anything that would cause anybody to doubt. Let me tell you something. If I have to spend the rest of my life building in the flesh, what God started in the spirit, somebody's under a spell. That's right. Someone becomes a part of the problem instead of part of the solution. Yes, sir. Manipulation is a key strategy of the enemy to bring division, control, and deception into the body of Christ. That word bewitched in Greek is basino and it means to bring evil on one by feigning praise or an evil eye to charm to bewitch. There's more than one way to cast a spell. You can cast a spell through the powers of evil, through darkness, through demons. But there's another way to cast a spell. You can brag on somebody. You can brag on somebody until they become your your your pawn. It's the way the spirit of Jezebel worked. Yes. It's the way it works in churches. It's the way it works on jobs. When somebody's always telling you what a goat you are, don't believe them. They may not even understand what they're coming under, but there is a spirit that operates in the body of Christ that will not operate through demonic spells or curses, but it will seek to control by bragging, by becoming so friendly, by showing oneself supportive. Now, surely please don't misunderstand, we need a compliment every now and again. We certainly need support, but don't use these kinds of things to get on someone's good side. So then you can manipulate them. I don't know what I would do without a brother like you. I don't know what I would do without a son like you. I don't know what I would do without a daughter-in-law like you. I don't know what I would do. And and it becomes insincere. I don't know what I'd do without a brother-in-law like you. I don't know what I'd do without a sister-in-law on you, like you. It becomes insincere and it becomes a way to manipulate. It is so true and it's it's rooted in offense and pride. God help us. The word translated bewitched signifies affecting the eyes or spoiling the sight so as the men cannot discern an obvious object in a due position. The very word bewitched here translated is saying to affect the way someone sees so that they don't even know they're being controlled. Now, some of you are going to think about bad marriages because that's where it shows up a lot in bad marriages. It can show up on a job. It can it it shows up all the time in a family. You You want me to give you some help here? I guess our family is not as important as her family. I guess our family doesn't mean as much to you as as his family does. See, what they're doing is they're trying to affect the way you see the situation. And God says that's that's manipulation. It's control. And it's really to be judged the same way as someone casting an evil spell over someone. Did you know the judgment for witchcraft is going to be the same? Did you know the Bible is so much against the operation of witchcraft like that, controlling someone else by spell or by affecting the eyesight by the things that you say that the Bible said let every witch die. The Old Testament said burn her. Now that doesn't mean that's how we handle it in the New Testament. But if we should find out that we are operating in control and manipulation or if we find out that we are under the operation of control and manipulation, we need to repent and we need to say, I've got somebody with me who leads me. I don't have to be led by subtle twisting of words. Come on, sisters. We're talking to you, too. You know, it's like that old thing where they say, "Well, yeah, the husband is the head, the wife is the neck." I want you to know, in too many homes, that is the case. And remember, it's because they're living with such a stiffnecked man who has never loved his wife like Christ loved the church. And so, the only way to even bring him down to communication is to manipulate him a little bit. So then what are we going to call that? Christian witchcraft. It becomes a serious subject. It's probably too heavy for your mood this morning, but it's a serious subject. One that I'm examining in my own life as I go through this study. The meaning is, who hath seduced you? Who hath so corrupted your understanding that your actions are as unaccountable as the effects of witchcraft? You're no longer making decisions that are based on righteousness, the word of God, and the leadership of the Holy Spirit. You're now making decisions for your life based on influence, manipulation, control, and fear. And God says, "I'm not going to lead my church that way. I'm not going to lead my church through manipulation, fear, etc. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to hit on all sides of this. I hope you all camping out in other places can hear what I'm saying in the building. The word rendered hath been evidently set forth because there it comes to the end. It says before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth crucified among you. The word rendered there properly to write before and then to announce beforehand in writing or to announce by posting it up on a tablet. Paul did not say they were visited by witches. He said they were bewitched. Something spiritual had clouded something spiritual just not of the light of the darkness. Did you know it's possible to come under such a bewitchment that even when confronted with the truth, you can't see it. There are people who uh are so under that kind of an influence that they continue to pour every penny into a business that's already unfavored. God has already said you've lost your way. and they will continue to put everything they've got into propping something up that God said you weren't faithful to me in all of that. You want me to bless you and you haven't even paid your tithe or you want me to do all these things for you and you won't be faithful in other areas. And so I'm saying to you, uh, there's another way. Like, get a job. Brother Shelley, I thought you were for entrepreneurship. I am 100%. I believe that all God's men should come to a place of maturity. It'd be wonderful if they were all in a place of maturity that they could serve as entrepreneurs in the kingdom of God, uh, set their own hours and and make money. The reality is you can't start it in the flesh. Here's the opposite of what I said a moment ago because it's how we have to apply it. You can't start it in the flesh and expect it to be spiritual as it goes forward if it originates in the flesh. It's going to be a product of your loins. Yes, sir. Abraham had a good idea. He said, "I'll just take Hagar. I'll just lay with Hagar." Sarah, you know, suggested. But don't you think Abraham hadn't already thought of it? I'll just take Hagar. I'll I'll lay with her. She'll produce a baby. I'll go with that baby before God and ask God to bless it. God's already told you, I'm going to give you a son and I'm going to bless him and I'm going to give him to you through Sarai. That's right. So, you may have a good idea, Abraham. Sarah may have come up with a good idea, but it wasn't a God idea. It was a product of Sarah's mind and Abraham's loins. It produced a baby. His name was Ishmael. And God eventually said to Abraham, "He's never going to be anything to your family but trouble." So, take the take the the I started to say the hooker. take take the concubine take the concubine uh out and and her child and leave him there in the wilderness. Somebody said, "Where's the mercy?" God had mercy. He sent an angel down to give him water and food. God showed mercy because he knew that it wasn't wasn't uh Hagar's fault. He knew it wasn't Ishmael's fault particularly. They were sustained and now they have become what we know as the Arab and Muslim nations of the world. Sounded like a good idea to give Abraham a promised son. But God said through Sarah, what happens when you get an idea from a woman's head and a seed from a man's loins? Then you've got something originating in the flesh. And you can expect it to be anything but a problem in the flesh. If God says to you, "I'm going to lead you into a job. I'm going to lead you into a business. I'm going to show you the way, and you're not going to league yourself with darkness and sinners." Let me tell you something. We We misuse the scripture. I got to hush in a minute here, but I'm think I'm on something now, so I don't want to quit just yet. But you know that scripture that says, "Be you not unequally yolked together with unbelievers." That's not just marriage. That's business partners. That's making leagues and agreements and contracts with men and women who don't share the same the same scripture, the same revelation, the same truth as you do. You've got to be careful. Now, that doesn't mean that it will never be something that God does. But you've got to be very careful to know that it's the Lord. Because if that person behind the scene, unbeknownst to you, is cheating or lying or deceiving someone to build their part of the business, you think God's going to come down, draw the line, bless your part, not theirs, you're going to suffer like Achen suffered. If there's someone in the camp desiring the wedge of the Babylonians, hiding it, doing wrong, God's not going to bless even your part. Because you should have known better not to come into league in agreement with somebody who doesn't serve Christ. I need a nap. This word is life to me. It don't always feel lily. Sometimes it feels a little deathly. That's right. But there are things that have to die so that proper things can live. Paul didn't say we were visited by witches one Sunday. He said they were bewitched. Something spiritual had clouded their perception, disrupted their obedience, and obscured the cross from their vision. This is not fantasy. It's witchcraft through offense, pride, and sooulish manipulation. Soulish means mind, will, and emotions. I'm not against women. I have a reputation for being for women. And don't take that and make it something it's not. I believe that women have a proper place in the body of Christ and in the kingdom of the Lord. And I have confidence in women who pray because I know men are slack by nature. They pray less by nature. They see their need less by nature. They have to break through their own nature to be anything more than that. We do it. Some do it. But some never do it. Some stay in the vicious cycle of their manhood. Ain't nobody going to tell me. Ain't nobody going to teach me. Ain't nobody going to instruct me. I know I'm a man. I got a wife. I got children. I know how to do it. Ain't nobody going to tell me how to do it. So, let me get another credit card. Solve everything. Let me tell you something. Credit doesn't solve all the problem. Yes sir. No sir. He doesn't. So a man has to fight through a lot of his own nature to come to where he's yielded and obedient to Christ. So does a woman. So I'm not against women at all. Not at all. I believe women have a a a beautiful place in the kingdom of God. I embrace what the New Testament said. In the kingdom there's neither male nor female. There are offices that are better suited and called for men. There are better places in the kingdom for women to serve. That is the truth. There are better places for women to serve in public, better places for men to serve in public. Climbing a telephone pole is not the best place for a woman to serve the public. Is that chauvinist? If it is, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Unless she's wearing britches under her clothes like women do today, she don't need to be up on that. Does Does that mean Are you taking that to mean she can't? Oh, no. She can't. I'm one of those people who believes she has the brightness, the intelligence, by nature, by design to do most anything mentally that a man can do, including serving as president of the United States of America. I don't know why she would want to is my question. But it's never been about whether she had the ability to do it. I know there are women who are far superior in making things happen in business than many men. But the question is, do they need to be there? Is that where God wants them? Are they serving at their highest level when they serve there? But what I'm trying to say is this spirit of manipulation is present in so many marriages. It's present in so many homes. And don't think that men cannot manipulate. They do and they will. And they do that by reminding you who makes the money and how dependent you are on their paycheck. But most often a woman uses manipulation in the home. And she does it in in a in a bragging way at times. She does it in a controlling way, reminding us that she's the neck when indeed she really is the neck that turns the head because she's had to learn the grind. And she wouldn't have had to learn the grind. Let's balance it out one more time. She wouldn't have had to learn how to dodge and walk on the eggshells if we would have loved her like God told us to love her. She wouldn't have had to do it. But that does not excuse her from casting a spell and usurping her place, taking the man's place in the home. I don't think that a man has to remind a woman. I don't think that a godly man conducting a godly family has to remind a woman that she's a woman. If you keep finding your need to tell her she's a woman some things a little bit out of order. You're the woman. I'm the one that makes the decision. I'm the one that cost the shots around here. I'm the one that I don't think we ought to have to remind them of that over and over and over again. In fact, I don't think that the average woman has a problem finding and fulfilling her role in a home when she feels safe, when she feels loved, when she feels cherished. Come on, I'm getting some amens now. There is a balance. But don't ever think, my brother, that manipulation is a way to get your wife to do what you want her to do. And dear sister, don't ever think that we get by God if we try to use these subtle forms of manipulation and witchcraft to get our husband to do what we want them to do. And here's the problem, and this is why Paul had to address it. They were making it spiritual. They were making it spiritual. And there are natural roles in a family. There are also spiritual roles in a family. And sometimes women will justify taking the spiritual leadership of the home by reminding us that their husbands are not doing their responsibility. But that does not give a sister the the grace to step out of her place either. You see, we have to be careful with our excuses because thanks be to God, we have a Bible way. We have a scriptural example in the New Testament. We just go right back to the word. So now notice Paul did not say they were visited by witches. He said they were bewitched. Something spiritual had clouded their perception, disrupted their obedience, and obscured the cross. This is not fantasy. He said it is witchcraft through offense, pride, and soulish manipulation. Every time we refuse to forgive, you know, forgiveness is the answer for offense. You can nip all this in the bud by just learning and to choose to forgive. If you're waiting on the apology, you're not choosing to forgive. You're forgiving with stipulation. That's not how Christ forgave me. He didn't hold my sin over my head. Hallelujah. He cast it as far as the east is from the west to never remember it against me anymore. Can you say amen? Amen. Every time we cling to our right to be right. Every time we weaponize emotion and here's here's where that sister thing comes in to weaponize emotions to control someone else. There are people in this world who think they can change the tone of their voice and win the moment by putting a little trimmer in their voice like they're sorry. They're not sorry. They're just using emotion, theirs and yours to try to manipulate the situation. That's not real forgiveness. That's not real repentance. Come on, brother, sister. That's not dealing with things the Bible way. Every time we take emotions and weaponize them to control someone else, we open the door to the subtle spell where manipulation replaces love and control replaces. There could be no overemphasis of needing the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We need him to serve the Lord properly in this hour. We need him to serve one another properly. Is that right? 1st Samuel 15:23 as we come to a close for rebellion. This is a huge story. I have I know I have 15 pages for several weeks that I've wanted that I've wanted to use on the story of of Samuel and Saul. This this is an incredible story. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness, let's just stop a moment. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft. Here we are again looking at manipulation and control, comparing it to witchcraft, New Testament, Galatians. Now we're looking at Old Testament, and we're comparing rebellion to the same kind of of of manipulation of through witchcraft. Stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Stubbornness, not steadfastness. Stubbornness is the same as worshiping a false god. Idolatry. Uh-oh, it got quiet. Did I just say something out of the word? I'm just reading. Stubbornness is as iniquity, which is generational sin, and idolatry, which is worshiping another god. What is it that we're making another god when we become stubborn? Our will. We're worshiping our will. We're exalting our will above God's will. So therefore, we're making an idol out of our will and we're being stubborn about it. You're not going to move me. I can hear God. I can hear God for myself. You're not going to change my mind. You're not going to help me. Come on. And there we get the scripture. For rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft. Stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. It's like worshiping a false god. Because thou hast rejected Saul, Samuel to Saul, thou hast rejected the word of the Lord. He hath also rejected thee from being king. I want you to listen to me as we close. Really, this is the close. I want you to answer a few questions for me. Was it God's perfect will? Did it become God's perfect will for Saul to be king over Israel? It did. God was the rejected king. Did it hurt him? It did. Is it how he wanted things to originally be? No. Did it catch him by surprise? No. He knew that Israel was not going to remain a theocracy because in the end time there wouldn't be any theocracies except in the kingdom. Israel is not a theocracy. There's no theocracy on the planet except the kingdom of God. And it's quickly perverted into man's creation. Too often we create what we're looking for. Amen. And so it it was it was certainly God's desire to always be king of Israel, but he allowed and chose he chose his own successor. It was the word of the Lord that came to Samuel that Saul was to be anointed the king of Israel. And even though the brokenness of God in the message the rejected king gets a hold of our heart and the and don't you listen now. And and and the sorrow that God experienced knowing that they'd rather have a man than him. It it hurt him. I know it did. And yet it was his plan. It was his will. It was his plan that Saul be king of Israel. The same God who called Saul to be the king of Israel. It was God's will. Let Let me make sure you understand because I'm going to say something just now in a moment. Was it God's will? Did God send Samuel to anoint Saul to call Saul to be? Did Did that happen? Am I right? That happened. Did you know the same God who said he's the one? The same God that said he's the one said he's no longer the one. Make sure you hear that. The same God that said I've chosen Saul now says I've rejected Saul. Does that mean God was wrong in the beginning? Never. It means that Saul's heart changed. That's right. And when Saul's heart changed, God sent Samuel to him and said to him, "Remember what was the rebellion? Remember what the sin was?" God said, "Kill them all. You take all the Amalachites out. Every one of them, including King Aag, go get them all. Get them all and get their cattle, too. Make sure there's nothing left of that evil, rebellious uh uh kingdom." I mean, that's just Bible history, right? The word of the Lord begins to stir on Samuel. He comes up the road. He hears the bleeding of the sheep. He said, "Hey, what's going on?" He finds out. He meets Saul on the way. Saul is so religious. What a hypocrite at this point in his life. The chosen of the Lord. The chosen of the Lord. He's become such a hypocrite at this point that he grabs him, you know, his coat and he says, "Oh, praise the Lord. Bless the Lord, brother Samuel. Prophet Samuel, it's so good to see you. I have just come from the slaughter of the kings, obeying every word that has come out of the mouth of the Lord by the great esteemed prophet Samuel. And Samuel says, "Then what meanth the crying of the sheep?" Oh, oh, oh. That why he said we decided that we would keep the best and offer it unto the Lord. In fact, we will keep the king. the king who was rooted in in heathen pagan ritual and witchcraft. And remember what it cost Israel to keep him alive. There would have never been a Hmon. If A hadn't lived, there would have never been a Hmon. There would have never been a porum. There wouldn't be a gossa conflict. So what Samuel, what Saul did, he had no right to do. And yet he blessed himself. Oh, I've obeyed the word of the Lord. Oh, you've rightfully said you've obeyed the word of the Lord. But I'm here to tell you, the same way that God chose you, he has now rejected you as king. And look what God did. There's a lot of controversy right now because of a of a television series about the house of David. And there's a lot of conflict about it. And I find I find the conflict very interesting because it's actually bringing out something in in scripture that we might not have fully looked at in the beginning, but it appears that God reached way below the bottom when he picked David. We can talk about that another time, but he chose David. He reject He chose Saul. Now, I know people like to say the people chose Saul, but understand if God hadn't allowed it, it would have never been and it was God who sent the prophet down to anoint him. Remember, Samuel was a big bigwig prophet. Everything, every word that came out of his mouth came to pass. Not one word fell on the ground. He was totally submitted and committed to the call. Amen. And so here we rebellion is a flash it one more time. Rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. So God can choose and he can reject. And God was right both times. He's the man. He's not the man. He's the one. He's not the one. Was God ever wrong? Not any of that time. Not any of that time was he wrong. And in in the final uh close here, the last one, musicians come. I want to show you three things. Offended hearts are fertile ground for for this kind of witchcraft. We're talking about manipulation and control because offense breeds it breeds the dis the demonstration the display of three things. Manipulation, domination, intimidation. Manipulation is emotional control. making you think that you're making a decision on your own when you are really following subtle control that the Bible says is just like casting spells, just like witchcraft. The same thing as what the witch is doing down the road. When we try to manipulate one another by using emotion, when a woman uses an emotion to try to get her way in the home, that's wrong. When a man uses emotion to try to control his wife, that's wrong. Emotion should not be weaponized to control anyone. Particularly, it should never happen in the body of Christ. Preachers shouldn't do it. Peucidtors shouldn't do it. we're going to withhold our amen or we're going to withhold our tithe or we're going to withhold something to try to get the preacher off the subject that we that we're uncomfortable with. That's wrong for a preacher to use the same kind of thing. And have we have have most all of us preachers been guilty? Yes. Have I ever been guilty? Probably so. As I begin to look at the seriousness of it, I see myself in many of these things. I'm thankful that God gives us the opportunity to make them right. When we are carrying offense, it becomes fertile ground for witchcraft because offense breeds manipulation, which is emotional control, domination, which is relational control, and intimidation, which is spiritual control. These are the three pillars of how witchcraft operates in the church today. We got a long way to get through this, but this is our introduction to it this morning. Let's stand. We want to be free from all hurt, wounds, offense, jealousies, resentments. We want to shut the door down in our life to any form of manipulation and control in the home, in the family, in the church, on our jobs. We want to just do it like the scripture tells us to do it. We want to do it like brother Brandham said there when he tells us, "Okay, they've wronged you and you may have every right to retaliate. Just let it go." God is a just God. He's a just God and he knows how to write what is wrong. He knows how to set things back in order if we get out of the way and let him. It's a possibility that we are at one moment the chosen of the Lord to do a job and in another moment rejected to do the same job. What happens in that situation? God will raise somebody else up. Do you think the kingdom of God's going to suffer because somebody gets out of line and refuses to hear the word of the Lord? I don't I don't think it suffered. I think Israel got a better king. I think for many years David served the people of God in a greater measure. But didn't he have to pay a price for it? Was he a perfect leader? Did he end up committing adultery and then murder to cover his sin? Did he pay a price? Lost his son. Did he pay a price? Many. One of the prices that he paid is he wasn't even allowed to build the temple of the Lord. But God has an order. We want to find that order and stay in it, don't we? Let's just pray a minute or two here. Just play something softly. Father, we are moving forward in our journey and our quest to rid our lives of offense. We read in your word, great peace have they which love the law of God, and nothing shall by any means offend them. And yet we find ourselves so easily becoming offended with one another. It would be a daily basis if we were together every day. But we know there's victory for us. We know your word is outlining a plan for us to get above that stuff. We don't want unforgiveness to become a stronghold in our life. We want to forgive even as you forgave. Lord Jesus, what an example Joseph was. What a higher example you were when you prayed at the cross. Father, forgive them for they know not what they do. If only we could be that easy and quick to forgive. Search us. Search us today. Search our hearts today. If we recognize this morning that we with subtle ways have tried to control our marriage, our family, our children, our companion. Lord, help us. Forgive us. But not only forgive us, teach us how to do it right. May we never have to bash or break with words to lead. May we lead with love. May we lead our homes with love. May we lead the body of Christ with love. May we even lead on our jobs with love. We thank you that it's not too late for us to be more like you. We reach out, Lord, for more of you in our lives. We love you supremely above all things. Help us as we gather to worship you now in the name of Jesus. [Music] I love you, Lord. [Music] Oh, your mercy never fails me. And all my days, can you say that? I've been held in your hands. from start to finish. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Come on, let's worship him of God. Yes. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. Yes. Oh, your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been so. You've been so good. Lord, with every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Lord, you have led me through the [Music] fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. cuz I've known you as a father and I've known you as my friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. You've been so faithful, Lord. And all my life, you have been so. You've been so good, Lord. With every breath that I am able, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh, and all my life you have been so. Lord, you've been so good. So with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, cuz your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz your goodness, oh it keeps running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running out. It's running after me. Cuz your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz your goodness is running. Oh, it keeps running after me. And with my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your good, oh, it keeps running after me. Cuz your goodness is running after, it's running after me. Cuz your goodness is running. Oh, it keeps running after me. So when my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. Has God been faithful to you? All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. What a faithful God is. And all my life you have been so. You've been so good. With every breath that I am aable, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that sings a wretch like me. Oh, I once I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Sing the second verse. was grace that taught my heart to fear. Not striving and grace. Oh my fears really. Oh, how precious did that grace appear. The hour. Oh, the hour I first believe through many through men. Through many dangerous toils and snares I have already come tears grace. Grace woo that brought me safe thus far. and grace will lead me home. Sing the last verse when we've been there. The Lord The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. Oh he will he will my shield and and my poor be. Oh, as as long as life endures when we've been there 10,000 years. And we been there [Music] 10,000 years. Bright shining, shining as the sun. Oh, we know. [Music] than [Music] when let's lift our hands and sing praise God before we leave here today. Praise God. Praise God. Praise [Applause] God. So much to praise him for. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Woo. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown and win the battle. The New Testament said he would give a crown to the overcomer. We'll wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Well, when the battle's [Music] over. Oh, we shall wear a crown. The bride shall wear a crown. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a crown, wear a bright and shining crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new. [Music] And so you may cast yours at the feet of the master, but the the truth is those who overcome are given the crown of life. The fadeth not away. Aren't you thankful? There are treasures that are incorruptible. Amen. I want us to close the service today and I would like to ask you to remember a family of believers in uh Hickory, North Carolina today who are grieving the loss of a 20year-old son taken tragically in a accident a couple of three nights ago. He had just spoken with his pastor the Sunday before his death about his struggle to get back to God and to get help from an addiction that had taken control of his life. 20 years old, handsome, the last name of the family is Britain, originally from the north but had settled in that area. I think they were brother Adam Knights at one time, but uh at the time of of what what was his first name, honey? Eli at the time of Eli's death, I think they were going to brother Barry Coffey's church in Hickory. But the family needs to be remembered to the Lord. 20 years old. My wife and I, we take these things pretty hard when we hear them because we're parents. That's just it. her parents and we realize how how fleeting, how how how undetermined life is and it makes you want to hug everybody tighter and make sure you say I love you when they leave. Pray for this family today that God will strengthen them. The service will be this week and they're going to need the help of the Lord. The only hope and peace that they have now is the fact that the young man spoke to his pastor on Sunday and said, "I need prayer. I need prayer. I I want to get my life back in order." May God have heard his prayer, his cry, his heart, and uh we just hope and pray that we that that family is reunited with him just over the over the horizon. Amen. Amen. Tuesday night at 7:00, uh, every family and parent that has someone going to youth camp in Louisiana, I'd like to speak to you just a few minutes after the service on Tuesday night. So, I realize and recognize that some of you have young people going to the camp in Louisiana over the weekend of of what the world calls Easter. And uh I want to speak to you all, not necessarily the your youth. We can do that another time, but to parents and um chaperones and whoever else is involved in that, I'd like to speak to you just a few minute, 10 minutes, uh 15 max after the service on Tuesday night. Uh Saturday night, six o'clock. We will have our fellowship uh weekend. Brother Dwayne Jackson will be preaching Saturday night. the Lord willing, I'll minister on Sunday morning because he will be going to minister for brother David Templeton on on Sunday morning. Uh we're not sure about fellowship on Saturday because we know some of the folks have obligations during the day on Saturday. So, we're not sure that there'll be anything. If something comes up, we we don't really know yet who all will be here. something comes up, we'll let you know by way of the app. But there will be a meal after the service on Saturday night. And there will be extra visitors here. So, let's make sure that their needs are taken care of. And then there'll be a potluck picnic type thing on Sunday afterwards so that we can have lots of fellowship with the visitors. We have so much to celebrate. We do. We have so much to celebrate. Let's just pray together as we get ready to go. Father, your grace is sufficient for every trial, for every loss, for every heartbreak. We lift up the Britain family before you today, Lord, and a mom and a dad and sisters, maybe even a a a younger brother. I don't recall exactly the dynamic of the family, but they're hurting. Their hearts are broken. You are our comfort in times like this. We lift them up to you, Lord, and we pray that your presence will surround them in significant and profound ways during this time of of real pain, real heartache. Lord, as a body, we thank you for instructing us from your word today, giving us the strength, the grace, the desire, the wannabe to be here. We ask that you go with us and let perfect healing take place in our bodies and that you would continue to uh break down the word that we have heard. And may we become very very aware of uh every trick and scheme of the enemy and may we exercise the authority that you have given us, the overcoming power. Lord, what a blessing to be a believer, to know that we can overcome because you have overcome it all. We just ask that you would bless today our uh leaving and our time short time of fellowship after. We just give all things into your great big capable hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. The saint said, you're dismissed to go. And as you leave today, let's sing I love him. I love him. Once again, brother Luke and Sister Megan, congratulations on twins. Double blessing. Amen. I love him. I love him and I love you too because he first love me and purchase my Oh, look at these matchy matchies. [Music] Matchy matchy girls. Estie my bestie. Love you honey. Oh, I love him. I go and love one another. I love him because he first loved me. Oh, and purchase my salvation on Calary tree. Just one last time. Oh, I'm here to testify that I I love him. I love him because he first loved [Music] me and purchased my Thank you. [Music] Salvation on [Music] Calories. God bless you all. [Music]
