################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-07 - He Maketh the Storm a Calm Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-07
Title:    He Maketh the Storm a Calm | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker: Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4u8DQ0dZzA
========================================

Description:
Pastor Steven L. Shelley explores the powerful truth that believers have inherited Christ's authority to calm the storms of life. Drawing from Jesus calming the sea in the Gospels and exploring the Greek meaning of "Peace, be still" as "Be silent, be muzzled," this message reveals how intimacy with Christ enables believers to exercise spiritual authority over anxiety, fear, and turmoil. The sermon challenges Christians to move beyond religious performance to the place of bridal relationship where true authority is found and exercised.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] My father owns a cattle on a thousand hills. And I believe I own at least one. I stand amazed when I see his face, knowing that I'm his son. Well, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. Oh, and I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a ride for air. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. Well, and I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful lair. I've got a guardian angel watching me. He goes with me everywhere. When I need my Father from heaven above, I pray just a simple prayer. I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. And I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a ride for. Well, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. Well, and I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful heir. Oh, my father owns a cattle on a thousand hills and I believe I own at least one. I stand amazed when I see his face knowing that I'm his son. Well, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. I got more than my share. And I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rightful air. Well, I'm rich in faith and hope and love. Oh, I got more than my share. And I'll be moving to a mansion just over in glory where I'm a rifle. And where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I talk to? Oh, when no one wants to listen, who do I lead on? Oh, when there's no foundation stable, I'll go to the rock cuz I know he's able. I go to the rock. Well, and I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock and where do I go? When there's no one else to turn to, whom I going to talk to? Oh, when no one wants to listen, who do I lead on? Oh, when there's no foundation stable, I'll go to the rock cuz I know he's able, I go to the rock. Well, and I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. And when the earth all around me is sinking sand, on Christ the solid rock I'll stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. And where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over. And who to run to? Oh, when the winds of sorrow threaten, there is a reuge. Oh, in the time of tribulation. When my soul needs consolation, I'll go to the rock. And I'll go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the build is rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I'll stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. And where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over. And where do I run to? Oh, when the winds of sorrow threaten, there is a reuge. Oh, in the time of tribulation, when my soul needs consolation, I'll go to the rock. Well, then I'll go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the builders rejected. Run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. And when the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I'll stand. When I need a shelter when I need a friend I go to the rock. I give you glory for all you brought me through. And now I'm ready for whatever you want to do. I'm moving forward to follow after you. And Lord, I'm ready for whatever you want to do. Your presence is an open door and we want you Lord like never before. Oh your presence is an open door. So come now, Lord, like never before. In every season, Lord, your grace has been enough. So I'm believing that the best is yet to come. The cross before me, my hope on things above. and in you Jesus the best is yet to come. Oh your presence is an open door and we want you Lord like never before. We want you Lord. Your presence is an open door. Oh come now Lord like never before. I give you glory for all you brought me through. And now I'm ready for whatever you want to do. I'm moving forward to follow after you. And now I'm ready, Lord, for whatever you want to do. Oh, your presence is an open door. And we want you, Lord, like never before. Oh, your presence is an open door. So come now Lord like never before. In every season Lord your grace has been enough. So I'm believing that the best is yet to come. The cross before me and my hope on things above. and in you Jesus the best is yet to come. Oh your presence is an open door and we want you Lord like never before. Oh your presence is an open door. So come now, Lord, like never [Music] before. Cuz I know breakthrough is coming. And by faith, I see a miracle. My God made me a promise. And it won't stop. Now I know breakthrough is coming. And by faith, oh, I see my miracle. My God made me a promise and it won't stop now. Oh, I know that breakthrough is coming in by faith. I see a miracle. My God made me a promise and it won't stop. Oh, it won't stop now. I know breakthrough is coming and by faith I've seen my miracle. My God made me a promise and it won't stop now. Your presence is an open door. We want you Lord like never before. Your presence is an open door. So come now, Lord, like never before. Won't you come, oh Lord? We welcome you in this place, Lord. Come and have your way in this place. Move us out of the way so that you could come, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Before I spoke a word, you were singing over me. And you have been so so good to me [Music] before I took a breath. You breathe your life in [Music] me. Lord, you have been so so kind to me. And oh the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. And though it chases me down, fights till I'm found. Leaves the 99. And I couldn't burn it. And I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh the overwhelming, neverending, preious love. Sing it like that again. Enjoy the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. fight till I'm found leaves at 99 and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it but still you give yourself away. Oh the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. When I was your foe, still your love fought for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You have been so so good to me. Yes, you have. Oh, when I felt no worth, Lord, you paid it all for me. [Music] And you have been so so kind to me. Adore the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. And though it chases me down, fights till I'm found. leaves a 99 and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it but still you give yourself away. Oh the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. [Music] When I was your foe, still your love fought for me. Oh, you have been so so good to me. And when I felt no worth, Lord, you paid it all for me. Yes, you did. Lord, you have been so so kind to me. Adore the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. And though it chases me down, fights till I'm found. Leaves and I deny. And I couldn't turn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down, lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up, a mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down, a lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. Oh, there's no shadow you won't light up. A mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. Oh, I believe there's no shadow you won't light up. A mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down, lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. Oh, there's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. A lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. Oh Lord, I believe it. Oh, there's no shadow you won't light up or mountain you won't climb up. Just coming after me. Oh, there's no wall you won't kick down. High you won't tear down. Coming after me and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. Fights till I'm found. Leaves the 99. And I couldn't earn it. And I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming, neverending, precious love, God. Oh, the love you have for us, Lord. Oh, you leave the 99 for the one. Oh, and we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. You love us. You're so good to us, Lord. You're so good to us, Lord. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. To the sinner's ears. It may sound strange that freedom could be found through death and pain and wise s and lose perfection took blame. But [Music] hallelu and for our pardon it would take the cross. Salvation paid for at the highest cost. Oh our redemption gained at heaven's loss. Oh [Music] hallelu for what could wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what could make me whole again? Oh, it's nothing but the blood. And what could wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood, Lord. It's nothing but your blood. And what could make me whole again? Nothing but the love. There is nothing strong enough to stand against what love has done without stretched hands. Oh, now salvation flows for every man. Oh [Music] halleluah. And whosoever calls upon this name will find their guilt and burden rolled away. Oh, they will rise up to their feet forever changed and singing hallelu. And what could wash away my sin? Lord, it's nothing but the blood. Nothing by the blood. And what could make me whole? all again. Oh, nothing but love. And what can wash away my sin? Oh, nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? Oh, nothing but love. Oh, every chain and fter broken just one drop it can make us clean. Oh, there is nothing it can rescue and [Music] redeem. Yeah. For it has triumphed over darkness, crushing your every. [Music] Oh, bring it healing. Bring it freom. Bring it peace. Oh, every chain and better broken. Just one drop can make us clean. Oh, there is nothing you can rescue [Music] every for it has triumphed over darkness crushing your Every bringing healing, bringing freom, bringing peace. Sing that again. Every chain, oh, every chain is better broken. Just one drop can make us clean. Oh, there is [Music] nothing can rescue and redeem. Yeah. For it has triumphed over darkness. corruption every bringing healing, ringing freom, bringing peace. [Music] What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood. Nothing but the blood. And what can make me whole again? [Music] Nothing but the blood. It's nothing but your blood. It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. precious lamb of God. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come longing just to bring something that's of worth that would bless your heart. Lord, I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have [Music] required. Cuz you search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. And I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless worth. No one could express how much you deserve. You deserve it all, Lord. Though I'm weak and poor, Lord, all I have is yours. Every single breath. And I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. Oh, cuz you search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. So I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you. you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. Where it's all about you. It's all about you. Bring the music down and sing it out. I'm coming back. Heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you. you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it where it's all about you. It's all See it like that again. Oh, and I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm so sorry, Lord, for the things that I've made it. When it's all about you, when it's all about you, Jesus, I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you, [Music] Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship, where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Oh yes. It's all about you, Lord. It's your worthiness. It's your beauty, your goodness. It's your love. God, we bring our worship to you. Our love to you cuz you have loved us when we were unlovable. You God gave yourself for us. We worship you, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's so wonderful and beautiful. Certainly is. Do you have a need today? By the lifting of the hand. All over this building, I see needs. I need you, Lord, more than I've ever needed you before. I need you, Jesus. I need you. Out across the stream, the Lord sees the need that you have. You may not be able to tell us what that need is, but you can tell him. And that's what's important because he's the one that can actually do something about it. That's it. He can heal you. He can deliver you. He can set you free from your addictions. That's who he is. Talk to him. Amen. And we'll join our faith with yours and believe God to meet your need. Let's pray. Brother and sister Van Huden, brother George and Sister Verique and family from the Netherlands reached out today with a prayer request for a friend of theirs for some time who is sick, who's believing for healing. And it seems that his body continues to go in the other way, the other direction, but he's still confessing and believing his healing. Sister Cindy Chadwick, her sister-in-law Alana has had serious surgery this week and is in a lot of pain. And also, Sister Cindy is asking for another sister-in-law who needs a touch from the Lord this morning. Those are many that uh stand in great need of prayer and have sent their prayer requests in. God sees every one of them. All right. Every one of these needs, we are going to take them to our papa. Those that'll be traveling this afternoon as well as tomorrow. We want to ask the Lord to protect them and give them grace as they travel. Sing this course with us [Music] today. Father in heaven, how we love you. We lift her in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty works. Blessed be the Lord God [Music] Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever. Brother Luke Yovich, will you come and pray today? Blessed be the Lord God [Music] Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. [Music] forever more. Let's just pray this morning. Yes, sir. Dear heavenly father, we just thank you for another opportunity to come and worship together with these precious people. And Lord, just just thank you for what you're doing for us. Amen. All the needs that are represented here and out across the stream. And Lord, we just bring them before you. We don't know what they are, but we don't have to. We just thank you that you are able to meet and answer each one of them, Lord. Amen. In your perfect timing, we may not understand each thing you put us through, Lord. But it's all for your glory. Amen. Lord, we just thank you for what we heard last night. Lord, just help us to be a vessel for you. Yes. Open and ready to receive what you would have for us. Just fill us up, Lord, this morning. Do it Lord. Overflowing Lord. Just thank you for everything. Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God [Music] Almighty who reigns forever. One more time. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever [Music] more. Now give him a great big hand clap and a shout of praise for worthy is the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To God be praise forever. He is worthy of all praise. He's worthy of a shout of praise. He's worthy of a shout of victory. Oh, to you be glory and honor, Lord. [Applause] You deserve it, Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You may have your seat today. We're going to invite Brother Dylan Robson to come and sing. They tell me he's got a song. We invite him at this time. While he's coming and getting ready, we just want to welcome you once again to the house of the Lord. We're grateful that you have come uh to be with us this weekend. The Lord brought you here and he has a purpose in you being here and we're glad that you're here. All of you that were here last night, we're glad that you're here again today. This uh gentleman that come in here on this back row, we welcome you. The Lord bless you. May God give you what you need while you're here today. And also this young couple I saw come in a little while ago. God bless you. We're glad that you have come to be a part of this service today. We're here to lift up the name of Jesus. He's the worthy one. He's the one who paid our debt and we owe it to him. He is worthy of what praise we give him and a whole lot more. Let's uh let's worship with our brother as he sings today. We're glad to have him here from North Carolina. God bless you, Brother Dylan. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Yes. Amen. There's no other place I'd rather be. Amen. Amen. And I asked brother Steve uh in the back if I could share a testimony, you know, about the goodness of God. Amen. You know, has he been good to you? So good. He's been so good. We if we would just take time, it would take millions of lifetimes to be able to tell how good he's been. How good he really is. That's the truth. You know, he's a God that will never leave you. Amen. He'll never forsake you. It's a promise. Amen. A promise. You know, the Bible says in Psalms 34, I'd like to, this is my testimony scripture. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Yes. Yes. And let us exalt his name. Yes. Together. Together. The Bible says, I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise shall continually be in whose mouth? My mouth. His praise shall be in my mouth. My soul shall make her boast in who? The Lord. The Lord. The humble shall hear thereof and be glad. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Yes. Yes. And let's exalt his name together. I sought the Lord and he heard me. Heard me. Not only did he hear me, but he delivered me. Not only did he hear me, but he saved me. Cuz you sought him. Amen. And he delivered you from all your fears. They looked unto him and were lightened and their faces they weren't ashamed. Are you ashamed of Jesus? Not at all. Not at all. This poor man cried and the Lord heard him and saved him. Uhhuh. Out of all his troubles. The angel of the Lord encampeth around them. He does that fear. Yes. Fear him. Not only does he encamp around them, but he's delivering you. Yeah. He's protecting you. He's healing you. He's with you. He won't ever leave you, nor will he forsake you, but he'll be with you always, even till the end of the world. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trustth in him. Do you trust in him this morning? Do you trust in him? Amen. July 24th of 2024, I do tree work. I work for Aspen Tree Expert. I do line clearance. We had a uh active shooter situation. Some of you might know this. And we were on this hillside. this homeowner came out and he talked to me. He says, "I I lost my job and I need a new job." And I said, "Well, I can help you out with that. Just give me your name, your number, and I'll put you in the system and we'll get you squirted away. We'll get you a job." And he says, "I might do that." And then one of the boys asked, "Can you pass a drug test?" And he says, "No." And we said, "Well, that might be a problem." He says, "Well, I'll think about it and I'll just maybe come back later and tell you guys what I think." And an hour later, he comes out with a rifle. The whole time I shared it with Austin at the house yesterday, and but he was eyeballing us from head to toe, looking at us. Yeah. He was studying his opponent. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we were standing there and I told him, I said, 'Well, I could do what I can. And but he comes out with this rifle and I see the rifle point at me. I've been around guns my whole life. I'm a hunter. I I was raised in a, you know, law enforcement, military background, household, and family, and you know, so I've been around guns my whole life. And I wasn't really afraid until I seen the gun pointed at me. that'll make a difference. And I said, "Guys, he has a gun." And I shoved one of my guys to the ground. As I shoved him, I had a bullet fly by my head. And as I moved to the left for my gun that's in my bag, I have two more bullets flying by my head. Two of my guys get shot. One of them in the throat and the other one in the face. And now I'm having to deal with them, getting them to safety and getting myself to safety. And everyone survived. Praise his name. Because God was on our side of God. It's the goodness of God. Oh yeah. Dustin spent three and a half months, four months in the hospital. And I visited him every single day. Went down after work, brother Steve. I went down there and I I I would pray with him. Everyone at work knows me as preacher. And uh and so I was I was uh I was praying for Dustin and I don't see a hope in sight. I'm going to be honest. I didn't see any I didn't see a hope. I get it. I'm seeing a man who's laying on a bed with tubes and IVs and a ventilator and he's not even breathing on his own. He's having 90% of his own bre or 90% of help with breath. He's just on the verge and the doctors are saying he'll never walk. He'll never talk because the bullet is lodged in his voice box. [Music] I prayed for him and I laid hands on him as only I knew how to do. My Bible told me that if I lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. That's the word. When I laid hands on him, two or three weeks later, Dustin calls me on the phone and Dustin's talking to me. And now, not only that, I get a video. Dustin's walking. The doctor comes in the room and Dustin is now standing up and he's walking in his hospital room. He's walking around. And who did it? I couldn't do it. It wasn't that I laid hands on him. I'm not anyone special. But it's because I applied the word. When you apply the word on your situations, when you apply the word over any situation, no matter what lie, what what's being pulled against you, no matter what complexes, God will always come down and he'll be on your side. Dustin's walking. He's talking. Salvador was shot in the face. The doctor said the bullet should have killed him, right? But the bullet went through his cheek and went out his nose. Who can change a tra trajectory of a bullet? God can. Who can protect you in your situations? God can. Ben, when you and Joshua flipped your truck, God protected you. It's the goodness of God. If you look back and you see from when you were first born to where you are now. Yes, sir. How good has he been, brother? How good has he been? Oh, yes. Do you love him? Do you love me? Yeah. I do. Amen. I love y'all. Brother Steve, I love you. Love you, too. Brother Wes, I love you. I love you, Lord. Yes. Yes. For your mercy never fails me all my days. I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Guess what? I love his voice. Love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as my father. I've known you as my friend. Is he your friend? And I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Tell him how faithful he's been. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Guess what? Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness, Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. And all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing the first verse one more time. I love you, [Music] Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh my life you have been [Music] faithful. Yeah. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, can you testify to his goodness? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Oh, he's a good, good father. Thank you, Lord. You may have your seats today. I'm going to ask brother Josiah, brother Steven Yantis, if these brothers will come and help me with the tithe and the offering today. But let them come to you. Let you give your tithe and offering to the Lord for he is the one who provided for us to start with. Father, I thank you for your provision. I thank you that in all things you are good, good, good. And as we give of our tithe and offering today, we want to say thank you that you have met our needs. You have satisfied our our our hungry stomachs. You have you have satisfied our wants and our needs, Lord. You have been so good to us and we're so thankful. As we give our tithe and offering, we pray that you will bless the giver. And I pray, God, that it would be multiplied to your goodness and to your purposes for the kingdom. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Let's worship together as we give our tithe and offering today. We're going to ask brother Kate if he'll just lead us right into the preaching of the word. And so we want to worship and keep the atmosphere and such. You know, giving is is a part of our worship. And so we as as brother Kate is leading us in worship, we're giving. We're just worshiping the Lord, preparing ourselves for the preaching of the word as our pastor would come in just a few moments to preach the word. [Music] I was a rich. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. But sin separated. The breach was far too wide. From the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divide. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. hidden there at the cross. You paid the debt I owed, broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time, I had hope. So, thank you, Jesus, for the blood applied. Thank you, Jesus. It has washed me wine. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious [Music] light. You took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days. Then you walked right out again and now has no sting. Oh, for I have been transformed by the blood of you. [Music] Thank you Jesus as Thank you Jesus you have saved my life brought me from the darkness into glorious. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. There is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. the blood cause as sons and daughters we are answer by our father through the blood through the blood. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. Oh, through the blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are answered by the father through the blood. through the blood. Thank you. Thank you Jesus for the blood of I want to thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. You have me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious life and gloryy to his his name. Glory to his name. Oh, there to my heart was a blood of Oh, glory to his name. Sing glory to his name again. Oh, glory to his name. I'm singing glory to glory to his name and there to my heart was a blood applied. We sing glory to his name. Will you give the Lord another praise? My God, glory, [Applause] glory. Isn't he wonderful? Have you tried him and found him to be wonderful? Didn't Didn't you hear brother Dylan reading, "Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good." Is there anybody in here that has tasted of the Lord and found that he is good in all of his ways? Oh, there is no shadow of turning in him. And once you've tasted him and his goodness and his mercy and his love, there's nothing else that will satisfy. Amen. As we heard last night, didn't brother Dwayne do a wonderful job last night. God is good. He's so good. I I still feel like I could fly. There's just something moving around us and I know what it is. It's the presence of the Lord and he's wonderful and worthy. Thank you for being here. I realize that you're standing and we're going uh to go to the word in just a moment and um I I have not gathered all the birthdays and you'll have to forgive me for for not being able to do that just yet, but I did notice that it is sister Claudia's birthday today and I think that she is in Brazil and uh I I would like to send her love and a happy birthday. also, Brother John Hall, who'll be streaming today. And uh I'll do my best Tuesday night to get the rest of them in. It didn't look like there's any among us for Monday, but forgive me. Uh there's just a lot going on in the in the natural. And a lot going on in the spiritual. Do you believe that? Why don't you go ahead and get your Bible while you're standing? And uh I like to see people bring their Bible. I do. I know we've got phones, that make us [Music] dumb. Smartphones that make us dumb. What do you mean by that? I mean, aren't people always saying to you all the time, "Huh? Huh? You're talking to Huh?" And I said, "You put that down, you'd understand. and you'd hear what I said and you'd get it. True. Well, this start off with a bang. Amen. There's nothing wrong with having a phone. I'm glad to have one. I don't use it for calls usually, but I'm glad to have one. But I know that people have become way too dependent on those things and they miss. They really miss. I read an article. I know you're standing. That means you'll listen. I read an article this week that said if you would take 30 minutes a day and read a real book, not a screen, but a real book. Well, we know the best book to read. You heard it last night, the Bible. The printed word of God. They said if this was a a a highly complex article, but it it boiled down to this simple reality. If you would spend 30 minutes every day reading a book without distraction, that means not taking calls, not scrolling, not looking at notifications, not checking social media, not checking your stocks, not looking at the weather, not tweeting, twitting, xing, whatever else, none of that. you would begin to rewire your brain and you would help yourself neurologically get out of the epidemic of ADHD. We are under a global epidemic. Most everybody in my life has ADHD to a certain degree. Somebody said, "I'm not going to claim that." I wouldn't either. But the reality is we did it. We've done it. And I tell you, I told my wife, I said, "I do, but I'm going to make a conscious effort to do it without distraction. And I'm going to try my best to expand my attention span." Expand my attention span because I believe it would be helpful for me not to be so easily distracted by the things of this life. I'm waiting on your amen. Amen. So if you have an oldfashioned bound printed page Bible, use it. If you don't understand Psalm 107 and verse 23 is where we're going to start. And while you're turning there, we've had lots of good singing, but I want you to sing this chorus with me. I don't know why this has been the the emphasis, but I want you to sing this chorus with me. Just a little bit of precious blood. Do you know what key that would be? Just sing just a tad of this. We're getting ready to enter into the season of Passover and it causes us to remember that one day the lamb, the lamb came and paid the price. For his blood was not just blood of another spotless lamb, but his blood was precious blood. For it washed the sins of man, and his blood heals my body. Oh, and it sets my spirit free. I'm so glad this precious blood still flows from Calvary for his blood. Do you believe that of another spotless lamb? But his blood Oh, for it washed the sins of man and his blood. It has healed my body. It has set my spirit free. I'm so glad this precious blood still blows from Calary. Yes, I'm so glad this precious blood still flows from [Music] Calvary. Do you believe it still flows? I believe it's still available. Oh yeah. Still paying the price. Amen. Let's thank God for these musicians. What a wonderful job you've done. Most of the time they are musicians. Sometimes they are magicians. They have to be to pull it all together. God bless them and uh work in their lives in greater ways. They bring their gifts unto the Lord and he anoints them. How many of you believe the anointing destroys the yoke? I can't imagine going to church and not encountering the anointing every time I go. I told my wife this week, we were talking and I said, "Honey, can you imagine going to church service after service after service and never one time sensing the heavy presence of the Lord in the house?" How do people continue? I don't know how people continue. I know no matter what building I'm going into uh as the church, I know I'm going to encounter him because I take him with me and I'm determined when I get there to bring him into the presence of others. I want the Lord to go with us, don't you? And let's We ought to shift the presence of uh uh the atmosphere by his presence in us wherever we go. The workplace, if you're brave enough to go to Walmart, you ought to be the light. You ought to make a difference there. Amen. Brother Dylan, that was an outstanding testimony. I never heard the end of it. So thankful you shared it with us today. All we did is we got a we had a text that said, "Pray now. Dylan is in a serious place with an active shooter." And uh but I I knew you were alive cuz I just saw you in North Carolina. And I checked through somebody that and that you were all right, but I didn't know that story. Aren't you glad you got to hear that today? You know, you say, "Well, I I I never I know that happens, but I'll never know anybody. I probably never even know anybody involved in an active shooting." You do now. And those of you that don't know, uh Dylan's wife and uh little girl, they'll be with him maybe the next time he visits. Uh he is married to Brother Danny and Sister Lisa Adams daughter, Rachel, and their precious little baby girl, uh Jubil. Is that right? Jubilee was born a day after Elelliana. And they both she Elelliana had a struggle getting here and Jubilee had a struggle just at her birth and after. And God was so good. I heard this squeak in the nursery when I was preaching two weeks ago in Morgan. I heard a screech in the nursery as I was coming out of the study. I saw a young lady standing there. I thought it was Jenna. Her back was turned and the screech sounded exactly like Elelliana. So I said, "Oh, Pap knows that little sc." And sister and sister Rachel turned around. She was so gracious. She said, "I thought I figure you thought that was [Music] Elelliana. I felt about that tall. She so graciously covered my shame and made me feel all right about it." And uh I've known I've known Rachel's family uh for a long long time and they're real they're real Christian people. They love the Lord. And that just uh also Josiah Aaho and Katie who was here with us for a month or so uh what a couple Hanukkah ago or something like that. Um that Dylan is is uh her brother. So they are related. And we could go on and on and on, but I I wanted you to know who he is. And he he ministers and maybe sometime it'll work out that he could preach for us. I'm glad he's here. Psalm 107 verse 23 through30. You you act a little bit tired. Uh so I'm asking you to try to rise above that and hear from the Lord because I've heard from him on your behalf and I want to deliver that for you today to the best of my ability. Uh it was all my intention to go one step further into the series that we're working on right now. And the Lord this morning, well through the night, the Lord said, "No, I want I want you to do something a little different." So here we are. Psalm 107:23. They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters, these see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep. For he commandeth and raiseth the stormy wind. Is that what it says? Which lifteth up the waves thereof. They mount up to the heaven. They go down again to the depths. Their soul is melted because of trouble. The psalmist is personifying the ocean, the winds and the waves as part of God's creation. They're mounting up to the heaven, going down to the deep. Their soul is melted because of trouble. They reel to and fro. Those who go out to sea like a drunken man, stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wits end. Ha. Have you ever been at your wits end in the amplified that says all their wisdom has come to nothing? They've been doing this as sailors, as fishermen year after year after year after year. Now they're facing a storm unlike any they have ever faced before. Have you ever been there? And they have come to the end of their knowledge and to the end of their wisdom. Their wit is run out. Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble. And he what? Bringeth them out of their distresses. He maketh He maketh the storm a calm. Have you ever seen him do it? Come on. So that the waves thereof are still. Then are they glad because they be quiet. So he bringeth them unto their I've anchored my soul. The songwriter said in the haven of rest. How many of you have found anchor? You found refuge in his haven, the haven of rest. Lord Jesus, we are here today in your name and you ministered to us on such a deep level last night and you gave us sleep. Might not have been as long as we would have liked and we may have woke up a little tired, but we're here and we are ready, Lord, once again to hear from you. You knew before the foundations of the world who would be here and what their needs were. That's what I believe about you, that you're omnisient and that you are not bound or limited by time. You're dwelling in eternity and you know everything about us today. Nothing is hid from your sight. So come on Lord and talk to us, help us, strengthen us, correct us, direct us in whatever way we need it. And we'll give you the glory and the honor and all the praise for it belongth to you. In the name above every name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we ask this thing. And the saint said, you may be seated. I want to speak to you for a little while, maybe a long while on he maketh the storm a calm. I don't know anybody who can do it like God can. I don't know anybody that can turn a tumultuous, raging, wild storm in your life to a calm with just a word. But he can. He doesn't even have to talk. All he has to do is point in that direction. Amen. A a ma one man said to him, "Lord, I'm not worthy that you would even come to my house and pray for my servant. And I'm not even asking you to come, but if you would just speak the word, if you would just say the word, I know that my servant will be healed." How many of you believe that? You believe he still talks? How many of you know he's still talking? He's an ontime God. He's a talking God. a walking talking God. He's still real and he still points at the storm and he still speaks to the storm and he still has authority over the natural storm and even the emotional storm and the metaphorical storm and the spiritual storm that may be raging in your life. I've taken this title before and a portion of this text, but God gave me something else and I want to go into it this morning. So don't think I've heard it so I can nap. No, no, no. Stay with me. Psalm 9:es 9-11. The Lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed that's pressed down. To be oppressed is not to be possessed. To be possessed demonically is to be occupied from the inside. But to be oppressed is to be pushed down, squeezed, limited from the outside. This is the the plight of the children of God in the last days. We are pressed in. We are oppressed. There is a heaviness that wants to take over in our life, in our emotions, in our dealings with others. But I want you to know we don't have to accept that we have been called above the spirit of the age. As we said, we've been given the anointing of a flying eagle. Not a molting eagle, not a valley dwelling eagle, but one who has taken his position, his election. He knows who he is. And the fourth living creature is that flying eagle. I I noticed that uh when John was describing these four living creatures, he didn't say one was a walking man and one was a bellowing ox or a beast. But when it came to the eagle, he gave some vision, some visual, some action. And he said he's as of a flying eagle, meaning one that is actively soaring above. I am persuaded today more than ever before that God has made a provision. He has made a way to get you and I above above. Hello. Above all, above every hardship, above every hindrance, above every oppression, sir, above every lie, above every infirmity, every symptom, every political pressure, a every life-threatening situation, I'm persuaded God has made a way. Over and over and over and over again, he keeps making a way. He makes the storm a calm. He recreates what is tumultuous, what is raging, what is wild. And just with his touch, with his word, with his intervention, it becomes something entirely different. How can he do that? Because he's the creator. The Lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble. and they that know thy name will put their trust in thee. For thou, Lord hath not forsaken them that seek thee. I know his name. I want you to know today, I know his name. He has many redemptive names. We could call him many things. He's identified as such in the scripture. But when it was time for there to be a name that would cover all that God is in English, we have this phrase Lord Jesus Christ, which is not a phrase. It's a name and it is the name we we can say in Hebrew, we can say Yeshua and that's perfectly wonderful because it's a Hebrew word. It appears in its English transliteration in the Old Testament as salvation. And is he not salvation? That's not what he does only. It's who he is. He is salvation. But he's called Jesus in Spanish. And we could go on. I don't know. I Icelandic. What? What is Jesus? How do you say Jesus in Icelandic? Hawk, is he up there? Say it again. Yes. No. No. You got it. Who who can give us Jesus? What about Pennsylvania Dutch? Is it just what is it? Yzu. Anybody else know his name in another language? French. What's his name in French? Say it again. Yeah. Say it again. All right. Anybody know his name in another language here? in in Portuguese. And uh well, we could get brother we could get brother Isaac Short to give us his name in in mountain English, right? I love you, little brother. Jesus. Somebody said, I just say his name. Jesus. That's what you call him when you need him. But there is a name. That's right. Oh yes, there is a name that covers all that he is. Lord Jesus Christ. Somebody said when what are you going to call the father? Lord Jesus Christ. When you need Jesus, what are you going to Lord Jesus Christ? When you need the Holy Ghost to move on your behalf, what are you going to Lord Jesus Christ? There is a name. There is a name. I know his name. They used to sing a song, I'm so glad I know who Jesus is. I am, brother. I'm glad that I know who he is. I'm glad I understand what he meant when he said, "When you've seen the father, you've seen me." Have I been with you all this time and you didn't even know who I was? He said it. You're still looking. And I'm here. I'm here. Before Abraham was, I am. That's what Jesus said because he's given us a name. And it's by revelation that we know his name. And it's by revelation that we take his name in baptism. It's a marriage. It's not just titles or positions or offices. There is a name. And they that know thy name. Somebody said, "Well, if I'm in the Old Testament, shouldn't I call him uh uh Jehovah?" Well, you can if you like. You won't find that in the Hebrew scripture. There's great argument over how to pronounce it. Uh uh uh we won't get into that because we know how he answers. He answers to Lord Jesus Christ. I know they've called it a bastardation and all kinds of uh you know mis mis translation. I know he answers to that name. Lord Jesus Christ. I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Aren't you going against what G? Not at all. That's exactly what he said. He's speaking to those who would have a revelation. They that know thy name will put their trust in thee, for thou Lord hath not spoken, excuse me, hath not forsaken them that seek thee. Somebody said, "I didn't think you could seek God." You can only seek him if he's seeking you. Aren't you glad that he's seeking you? Sing praises. While you folks just think praise is the answer to everything, it nearly is. Sing praises to the Lord which dwelleth in Zion. Declare among the people his doings. Isn't that what brother Dylan was doing up here this morning? Telling us that he's an ontime God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You want to go somewhere with me this morning? Turn to Luke chapter 8 verse 23-2. But as they sailed, he fell asleep. And there came down a storm of wind on the lake. It's one of the most unusual bodies of water in the world. It's called in the King James version of the Bible the Sea of Galilee, but it's not really a sea. It's an inland lake. It is the Canerit in Hebrew. And uh it is an unusual lake in the sense that it's very very deep and very broad across. And even to this day, a storm can rise in the middle of the Sea of Galilee or in the middle of the Canerit and you can stand on the shore where it's 100% calm and look out to the middle and it looks nearly like a hurricane twirling out in the middle of that sea. So, I don't have any trouble imagining what this storm could have possibly looked like on the lake. And they were filled with water. The boat began to take on water and were in jeopardy. Their lives were at risk on a lake in a little boat. Their lives were in jeopardy. Somebody said, "Maybe the Bible just exaggerates this a little bit." No, their lives were in jeopardy. It was a raging storm. It was a serious situation. And so they came to him. Uh he had fallen asleep. Verse 23. But as they sailed, he fell asleep and there came down a storm of wind on the lake. They were filled with water and were in jeopardy. And they came to him and awoke him, saying, "Why don't you cry that out here with me? Master, master, we perish. They recognize the jeopardy. They recognize the danger. Why didn't he recognize it? He was sleeping. [Laughter] Every time I read that, I I I hear my granddaddy standing at the bedroom door uh uh uh hollering in the hall, "Get up. Get up. Get up." There's a storm. Get up. Get up. My grandmother's name was a pretty country name. Mildred. Mildred, get up, Tater Bug. That was me. Tater Bug, get up. Get up. There's My grandmother said, "Ralph, he's he had a country name, too. Ralph, go back to sleep, honey. It It's a tornado. It's a tornado coming and and we better get up and take cover. She said, "I've done figured this out. I'm going back to sleep tomorrow, Sunday. We've got church. We're going to worship the Lord all day. We're going to get tired. We need our rest. One of two things is going to happen." He said, "What's that? We're either going to get blown away in Jesus' name or we're going to get up in the morning and go to church in Jesus' name. And she said, "What if I told you the reality is I don't really care. It doesn't really matter to me which it is because I know that I know that I know that I know that I'm ready to go." Somebody said, "Wouldn't it be wonderful to live like that with the absence of fear?" I am here to tell you today that that is the inheritance of the bride. If you could recognize, if I could recognize who I am, there would be the absence of fear. We would recognize that he's on board. Doesn't matter whether he's sleeping or whether he's awake, he's on board. Sister West used to say, uh, "I'm scared to fly." Sister April and the kids were up just visiting Sister Wes last week and she used to say all the time, "I'm scared to fly. I'm terrified to fly. I don't like to fly." But, but she said, "I'll fly under one condition." What is that? If brother Shel's on the plane, Brother West, you know, he loved me, but he didn't like he didn't understand. He said, [Music] "Janette, that's your pastor. You know, like," she said, "No, no, no. I know that God's not through with him." She said, 'I, you know, I don't know about me, but I know God's not finished with him, and if he's on the plane, I know that it is not going down. That's what her faith was, and that's all right. And I love her, and I and it made me feel good. And and I'm going to be honest and tell you, it did. But the reality is he's on board. He's on board. He's in the midst of the storm. He's in the midst of the anxiety, the trouble. He's in the midst of the crisis. He's in the midst of the chaos. And I believe there's a people being prepared and positioned in this hour to live in the absence of fear, to live in the absence of anxiety, to live with the authority of the bridegroom. I believe it. Yes, sir. I I spent about 12 13 hours this week in one short verse of the Bible that I'm not even going to preach on this morning. In Ephesians chapter 1 verse three, I didn't know you could spend so much time in one little tiny verse, but it got bigger and better and richer to me as I kept reading it over and over again. this reality of sitting together with him in heavenly places. Oh, brother, sister, above it all. Above it all in heavenly places and and not even having to come down to go to work because it's a spiritual position with a cancer diagnosis. You don't have to come down to go and do your job. You don't have to come down because it's a spiritual positioning. It's a placement of the wheel sons, the mature sons of God. Those who used to suck the bottle, but they no longer have to suck the bottle because they have cut their teeth on the meat of the revelation of who Jesus Christ is. Not a historical figure, but the living word. Not only among us, but in us. That's our reality. I know we get disturbed daily. And you know why that happens? Because we allow it. There is a peace. Punch your neighbor. Punch them. Don't tap them. Punch them. There is a reality. There is a peace that passes. Can't explain it. It passes all understanding. Yes, sir. No way to tell you what it feels like when there's a tornado headed your way and all you do is turn your head over and lay it right back down on the pillow and know that he's God. [Applause] I'm not going to church cuz it's stormy. I'm not going to do this because the wind isn't blowing. Now, if you're elderly, you can't see to drive. I understand all that. Most of us aren't really in that position tonight. And so, I'm preaching to those of us that are looking for excuse. I said to somebody last night, "Come down and have a a little snack with us. We want you to have some fellowship and to know some of the people." And I said, "I heard you had hamburgers at home and and and so forth." And the little girl about 12 years old, I think she looked up and she said, "It's just excuses." Oh, I said, "I like you." I said, "You just tell it like it is." She Mhm. I said, "You got a little sass. I like a little sass." And her mama said, "What about too much sass sometime?" Well, I said, "There's a way to fix that. A little posterior protoplasm will take care of that. And most of the most of the time most of the situ it's it's this is the truth. It's an excuse. We make excuses to live below our means. What about somebody deciding I'm not going to make excuses for my lack of faith anymore. I'm going to find what it is that needs to be awakened in me. I'm going to find the missing piece that needs to come to life in me so that I can begin to use the authority that's mine. It's bridal inheritance. It's the inheritance of the wife. Yes, sir. I I'm I want to tell you something. Are you still here? Yes, sir. Good. They came to him and walk him, saying, "Master, master, we perish." Then he arose. Oh, you got to I want you to see him. I know that most of the time if you're watching some portrayal of Jesus, you know, the old old kind of Jesus movies with the halos over their head, you know, kind of they they look like a living uh Rembrandt painting or something and all spoke old English. But every now and again you'll find something a little more creative than that like the chosen who kind of remind it just sort of makes you see another perspective. It might not be 100% word for word but it it helps you to see. I want you to know what I see. I'm not a movie maker but can I tell you what I see? I see the Lord. I see the Lord and he master. I don't see him jumping up with the same anxiety and urgency that the disciples are operating in. I I I I see him yawning. He He's waking up. He knows there's no emergency. The only emergency that Jesus sees is the lack of faith in his disciples. And it's the same way today. Jesus sees the lack of faith in us. The gospel records or or one of the epistles perhaps never will there be faith? Will he find faith? Will there be faith in the earth? Come on. So he just, you know, he gets up and he's stretching maybe or you're adding to the word, whatever. You know, maybe maybe your God is more Billy Graham, but uh I have this feeling that he was sleepy and he was tired. And this was no fake nap. This was one of the real kind. He he probably already moved into dream cycle. This was EM sleep. This was deep sleep. He didn't even know the storm had come. He didn't even realize why. The more the boat rock, the deeper his sleep got. Why wasn't he afraid? Cuz he knew Jesus was on the boat. He knew God was in the midst. He knew that according to God's will, that is what would be done. So he just took his sleep. And so they woke him screaming, "Master, master, careest thou not that we perish?" It's so dramatic. Carest thou not that we perish? We're dying in here. Does anybody care? My head's killing me. I'm dying. Dramatic. Shakespearean almost. Dramatic. Master, master, we perish. Then he arose. We don't know how quickly. And he rebuked the wind and the raging of the water. And what happened? The storm became a calm just like the psalmist said in Psalm 107. He maketh the storm a calm. There was a calm. Verse 25. And he said unto them, red letter now, where is your faith? You are eyewitnesses of the almighty power of God. You've seen what he does and what he can do. That's right. And you've heard the stories of who he is and the track record. Where is your faith? Have you ever asked yourself the question when you caught yourself in a panic? Where is my faith? And they being afraid wondered, saying one to another, what manner of man is, the same kind of man that healed the blind, that cleans the leper, that raised the dead, same kind of man, the man that multiplied the fish, the man who, same one, same man, God man. What manner of man is this? For he commandeth even the winds and water, and they obey him. It is as though they're just discovering who he is. Now, you think about this a moment. I want you to look at uh one verse. Mark 4, same story. We're going somewhere. Verse 39. And he arose and rebuked the wind and said unto the sea, would you say that for me? Peace be still. Luke the physician does not even record what he says. There's no red letter in Luke's telling except where is your faith. Luke just simply said, "Master, we perish." He arose, rebuked the wind, and the raging of the water. They ceased. There was a calm. We have no idea what he said, but Mark, he recorded that the Lord said, "Peace be still. Peace be peace. Peace be peace. Peace be still." And the wind ceased. And what does it say? There was a great calm. How many of you believe he said, "Peace be still." Something like that. I do because it's very much his nature. It is I. It's be not afraid. Here come a ghost. They thought he had to tell him again who he was. You've already forgotten. gone a short time and you've already forgotten it is I be not afraid. So I think it's very likely that he said peace be still. Luke recorded a little different but Mark put the word peace be still and the wind ceased and there was great calm. Can you show these people what that looks like in the Greek? Uh it's all Greek to them and Greek to me and it's not going to mean anything to them but I wanted you to see. Do you see that in the Greek New Testament? Mark 4:39 reads, "It looks like scratches, doesn't it? It could be Russian and you wouldn't know the difference, and neither would I, but translated literally." Do you know there are literal translations of the Bible? Sometimes they make a tremendous amount of sense, and sometimes you learn in a verse how needed prepositions are and articles and things to to connect. This is how that verse would read directly, literally translated from those scribbles and scratches. You see, and being aroused, he rebuked the wind and said to the sea, "Be silent. Be muzzled." You You know what a muzzle is? Something you put on an animal to keep the animal from biting you. Have you ever had to muzzle a dog? I've seen some dogs that couldn't be trusted, that had to be muzzled. It's also a a a farming implement. It's something that can go on so that a that a beast, an ox, a mad cow, whatever you're dealing with. There are also contraptions that can go on beasts like that to muzzle them to keep them from being able to bite or to eat. Because if they stop in the job to eat, the job will never get done. That's why scripturally the Bible said we should not muzzle the ox that treadth out the corn. There's a time to tread the corn. There's a time to feed the ox who treads the corn. Do you get it? Jesus stood up and he simply said, "Be silent. Be muzzled." And the wind ceased. And there was a great calm. That is him. That's the master. That's our Lord. That's God in flesh. What have I told you? He lives in you. He lives in me. And what we need to do is let him be aroused. Let him get up and answer the challenge instead of your emotion. Your emotion is not your enemy. It's given to you by God so that you can contact your environment. But if your emotions control you, you'll have no faith. You'll operate in no faith. But if you learn to control your emotions, you'll have better relationships and your faith will grow. If anybody believes that, say, "Amen." Amen. I'm going to muzzle my fear. I'm going to tell my fear to hush. I'm going to tell my anxiety to be silent. And then the winds of my life are going to cease and the storm will become a calm. I really believe that. I I really believe that. Surely you don't. I really really believe that. I want you to look at this with me just a moment. That that phrase peace be still. It's a little little technical here, but you don't mind. I know you don't. It's made up of two Greek words. It's made up of a word sopa which means be silent. The root and the meaning. This is the present active imperative of the word sop which means to be silent to keep quiet to hold one's peace. It's a command to cease making sound or to hush. That's a good southern word. It means shut up. Yes, sir. Mama say hush. Don't you say shut up. You just said that, mama. It means the same thing. Hush sounds perhaps a little nicer. Wait till you wait till we move a little forward. It's a command to cease making sound or hush. There is a contextual nuance here, a nuance. And in this verse, Jesus directs the word seopa, the verbal command to the sea, personifying it as something capable of obeying a verbal command. It's water. He created it, but it's water. It's living water. It has all the right molecules, right? It's H2O. It's alive. But technically, it has no brain. Technically, it has no personality. Technically, it has no ability to discern, to interpret. Just think about it a moment. I know this is odd for me, and you're looking odder. He's talking to it as though it should know what he means. He took total possession and ownership of the surroundings. He said, "You're mine. And I'm going to master this. I'm going to take dominion over this." Somebody said, "I don't believe in them positive affirmations." You might ought to if they're biblical affirmations. You might ought to prophesy over your own life. You might ought to decree and declare over your own life instead of listening instead of listening to the panic. Instead of listening to your emotion, instead of listening to the storm and listening to the chaos, you ought to do some talking. I am that I am is with me. He's in me. Yes, sir. You might have to take some authority over things that uh seem like would not even have the o ability to hear you, to obey you, to discern what you're saying. You might feel a little foolish, but you don't feel foolish talking to your dog. You don't feel foolish talking to your plant. I don't feel foolish talking to Elelliana. And I don't just mean goooo gaga pap. No, I show her every picture on the wall and I explain what's in the picture. We recently stayed in a cabin where there was a picture of a llama with flowers on her head. And I said, "Look at there, Elelliana. That is a llama. We're going to call her, no offense, Lily. We're going to call her to Lily. Lily the llama. We're going to call her Lily the llama. And she has flowers on her head. and she's a silly llama and the next thing you know a song comes and a story comes and you'd think that wouldn't mean anything to her until she fusses and then you take her back to the picture and she sees Lily the llama and she starts grunting for me to sing her the song and tell her the story. I know she's a genius, but the reality is they're capable of that. And if we feel them, why? Why? She doesn't even know. You may feel a little foolish. Have you ever stood over somebody in a coma? You didn't know whether they heard you or not, but you were willing to take a chance. I want you to know I love you. I want to say something to you. Whether you but you feel a little you feel a little silly doing it. You're not sure. Let me tell you something. We're going to have to begin to understand that there is an authority that only the creator carries. But he said, "I'm giving that I am endowing. I am releasing that to a people who are becoming mature in this hour that they might also be able to speak to their circumstances." Brother Brandham said, "If you will make the right confession, that God is able to make your body obey your confession. liver. Come on now. I've got something I want to say to you today. I know. I know. I know that for the for Christianity 101, you're never going to swallow that. But for those of us that have been through the fire, we'll talk to anything. Toenail, I'm tired of you hurting me. Come on now. When you have been in this thing for a while, you will begin to understand that no problem is too big and no problem is too small to put Jesus on the case. He can make a storm a calm. He can bring healing to an ingrown toenail. He cares about it. Somebody said, "It's just a headache." Don't just a headache. A headache can be de debilitating. A headache can be nauseating. A headache can send you to bed in a dark room. But I know the master of the headache. I know the master of inflammation. I know the master of arthritis. I know the master. And if I'll just remember who I am and use the authority that is brother B said, we don't need more power. That's right. Jesus said, "I give you all the power." He said to his disciples, "I give you all power. Behold, I give you all power. It's in your hands." Come on. But they couldn't operate in the fullness of that power because they didn't have a complete revelation of their authority. If just one of those disciples, if just one of them would have said, "Let's don't bother him. Let's let him nap. They didn't love his flesh. Not yet. They hadn't got to that place yet. To them, a nap is nothing. We're perishing. We're taking on water. We're dying. And he don't care. If we go down, he ought not to be able to be sleeping while we're going down. Come on. If just one of them would have stood up and said, "I'm going to try this wind storm in the name of Jesus." Somebody said they didn't have a revelation. Well, they did get one at some point. I don't know when it came, but somebody got a revelation. Maybe it hadn't come to them yet. Maybe they hadn't really faced the reality of it yet. But if one of them would have stood up and taken authority in the name of Jesus, in the authority of Jesus Christ, they already had the power. He gave them power. They had authority. They just didn't understand yet how it was to operate. And if one of them would have taken authority over that storm, that whole verse, that whole story would have read different. Can you imagine? and uh you know whoever James or John or who and John rose up and said peace be still and the winds and waves obeyed his command. Somebody said I don't believe I don't even want to want to try to make conjecture. I don't even want to try to sort that in my mind because I don't believe that's the way it is. Well, folks, that's our problem. We don't understand the authority that has been given to us. Somebody said, "Well, I've tried it and it didn't work before." Line up your life. Let your life line up. Make a little effort. Make sure there's no dead cats on the line. Make sure there's no unrepented sin in your life. Make sure you've been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Make sure you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The one who walks and talks. The one who's ever more alive. The one that causes you to have strength to live above sin. The one that deals with temptation in your life. That Holy Ghost. That one. That one. That one that'll take you out of yourself and plunge you in the realm of spirit. The one that can rescue you from your own flesh and put you in a dimension of supernatural existence. Come on. That one that we need him. We need the Holy Ghost. Not a feeling, not an emotion, not a thrill. We need the person. The reality of Jesus Christ. Let that come. It's ours. It's promised. My whole family think I lost my mind. They don't think you've lost your mind when you're running from room to room pulling the drapes and closing the blinds because a tornado's coming. They they think that's normal. Do you all think that's normal to close the the curtains because a tornado's coming? Maybe maybe it slows the glass down, but anything I've seen about a tornado, right? It doesn't come all the way up to your Walmart panels and stop. And it doesn't come up and say, "That's TJ Maxx. I'm not going any further than that. I know where that come from." It just blows right curtains and all, windows and all. Come on. We get really silly sometimes. I've seen people do it. I've seen people do it. I've seen people find the most dangerous place in the house and think that that's the place they need to be. Let me tell you something. There's a bomb shelter. There's a storm shelter. There's a well. There is a source for everything that we have need of. I'm not telling you not to use wisdom. I'm not telling you not to do practical things to help protect yourself. I'm not telling you not to get a candle out of the drawer and get ready in case. But what I am telling you is you have a perfect We live in the south. We live in a place where storms brew all the time. When you came to church today, I didn't dare want you all to know unless you got the same notification. We were already under a tornado watch, right? We've had so many storms lately. We're all watching for them. And predicted them whether they're and and so I saw yesterday terrible storm weather threat for tomorrow. And I opened the article and it says we so far we are at a two out of five for tomorrow. How many of you know that means very little because the storm doesn't know its number? Right. Did you know the tornado doesn't know if you're under a watch or a warning? But there's somebody on board. I hope you're not making fun of me, Brother Shel. I'm not making fun of you. But I will tell you this. As my mother's dementia began to progress, her fears got littleer, not bigger. My mama was the one. She was the one. Her mother was worse. Her mother was the one they would put us in the bathtub with a mattress on our heads. Like school, we mentioned it the other day, school with a textbook on our head. Like the textbook was going to keep the roof off of us. Come on. We were just doing what we knew. My poor mother was turning the sofa over and getting under the sofa when a storm came by. But as she began to lose some of that ability to process all of that fear that had ruled her life, Benjamin would say to her mom, "There's supposed to be a sto." Oh, okay. May turn bad, maybe bad weather later. Oh, all right. And he'd think, "Is that my mom?" There has to be a reason that she not only forgot certain details of her life in the beginning, but she also began to forget her fears. Which proves that those fears were wired into her mind as memories. And as she began to forget memories, her memories begin to fade. Her fears begin to fade. Is there anybody in here that wants to wait until dementia to forget your fear? Or is there somebody in here that's going to begin to say, "Wait a minute. I've been really living under some pressure here." You know, you get a symptom and you Google it and you know that that you only have a short time to live. That's fearful. It'll run you out of your head. I went to the doctor and he told me what was wrong with me. Maybe, maybe he did, maybe he didn't. He's practicing medicine. It's getting quiet in here. I'm not against doctors. I have one. They've been begging me now for weeks. You aren't you going to come back? Didn't Didn't you need us? Do you need Don't you need refills? Won't you reschedule? They're after you all the time. They want you to come once a year for a wellness visit because your insurance will pay for it. You mean I have to come over there, stop my life, to come and tell you I'm okay because you get a $100 for it? Did you know that I was told that if I didn't make that appointment, I would no longer be a patient? That $100 means so much to them that if I don't show up because I'm well and don't want to go tell them how well I am. They're practicing. Sometimes they know. I've noticed the older we get, the more we give our doctors deity level. They're almost like God. Yeah. Whatever they say goes. I believe in doctors. I believe that we need medicine. I believe that's all right. But I want you to know what we don't need. We don't need fear. We don't need panic. We don't need anxiety. Great peace have they. Come on. Peace of God. Peace be still. Muzzle. Storm. I'm muzzling you right now. I'm closing my ears. I know the one who makes the storm a calm. Are you there? You still with me? I need to stay with my notes. it'll help us. So, here are the words. This this contextual nuance Jesus directs this Greek word here uh sciopa. He directs it with a verbal command. The word doesn't just imply, a gentle request for quiet. It is an authorative order reflecting Jesus dominion over nature. This aligns with other uses of the same word in the New Testament. One, for instance, talks about if the if the stones are the stones will cry out if the people are calm or quiet or silent. In Greek literature and in the Septuagent, which is the Greek translation of the Old Testament, silence often carries a sense of submission or reverence, such as in Habach 2:20, the Lord is in his holy temple. Let all the earth keep silence before him. It's the same word here. Jesus commands evokes his command evokes the same sense of authority silencing the chaotic sea as if it were a subordinate like a master would speak to a servant and the servant would obey what the master said. It never occurred to Jesus the possibility uh the potential that the wind wouldn't hear him. It was never a fear. It was never an inferiority. It was never a what if. He knew that he had been given the authority and the dominion. He knew that the water could not discern and the wind could not discern. It did not have the intelligence to do it. But he knew that because it was created, it would recognize supernaturally, not naturally, supernaturally, it would recognize the voice of the creator. Yes, sir. The prophet tells us that the final voice of God to the age will be the voice of the bridegroom in the bride. In the bride. The voice of the bridegroom in the bride. Whose voice is going to talk to the trouble? The bridegroom's voice. That's his authority. That's what it's talking about. I want to see some miracles. I want to see some miracles in this house. I want to see some chronic conditions go. I want to see some people that have suffered for years wait it out and move in this place of authority and come back. I I have I've lived under the burden of this infirmity my whole life, but I'm made whole. I am 100% made whole. Well, what did what happened? What? I guess brother so and so prayed for you. I guess this one prayed for you and saw a vision and everything turned out all right. know I just made up my mind that I had authority in his name by his blood with his word. I had authority to make my storm. Until we learn that, we actually become storm magnets. Until we learn who we are and who under whose authority we operate, we actually become a magnet for troubles, for trials and chaos. Have you ever seen anybody that seem to just attract chaos and confusion and so forth? That's a person that hasn't discovered who they are in Christ. And so they just draw it in. They just attract it wherever they go. That kind of stuff just follows them. You let that person know. The prophet tells us there's great value in knowing who you are in Christ. One of these days, he said, that bride, she's going to recognize who she is. Amen. She's going to silence this greatest battle. Amen. She's going to pull her emotions down. She's going to silence the lie. Come on. She's going to talk to the fear. And she's going to live for a period of time. We don't know how long. But living under this place of glory. [Music] Less of me, more of you. I need your glory. I need it in me. I need it on me. I need it around me. I need the storm to be a calm. Let's look at the other part of that, if you will. The other part of that phrase, peace be still, is peamoso. And it means be muzzled. So really, he's saying uh silence be silent, muzzle be muzzled, peace be peace. It's a perfect passive imperative of the word which means to muzzle, to silence, or to restrain. The perfect tense in Greek often implies a completed action with ongoing results. I thought that was worth mentioning. He said, "Peace be peace." And don't only be peace right now. Our journey, we we're going to still journey to the other side. So don't just shut up now. Hold your peace. Back out of this assignment. Let this be a continual piece. Let it start and then let it be ongoing. So this could be understood. Be muzzled storm and do what? Stay that way. Nerves anxiety. I'm just Are you making fun? No, I'm actually not making fun because I've lived under it. At one time in my young life before I married, I was on medication for it. So I know what panic attacks can do. And I know what anxiety can do. And I know what unhealthy fears can do, outlandish fears. Fears of things that that that have no ability to harm you, destroy you in any way. And the enemy would cause you to be afraid. It's it's a very it's a very few very rare very few spiders in this whole wide world. Granddaddy longlegs, they are not going to bite you and swallow you and eat you. They're not going to do it. You are not going to find yourself ever in your lifetime in the belly of a granddaddy longlegs. Say amen. Not a Japanese beetle either. Not a bee, brother Billy. Let's Let's speak up for the bees. No honeybee is going to eat you and swallow you. Our fears become so exaggerated at times. Brother Brandham learned that there is a remedy for fear. When perfect love projects, grace takes the case. Grace takes over. Here's a raging bull that's killed a man. Brother Brandon finds himself accidentally out in the field of this raging bull and here he comes. What would you and I have done? We would have run like a rodeo clown. We'd have been looking for the barrel. What did brother Brandway just talk to? Excuse me, Mr. Bull. I think that's silly. You may now, but it's not. Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to come trapesing through I'm paraphrasing. I didn't mean to come traping through your territory here, disturbing you on this fine day. Excuse me, hornets. I I didn't mean to to bump your nest when I was cutting the grass. I I'm not your enemy. I didn't come here to to harm you in any way. He just loved them. He personified them and he loved them and he spoke to them. And what do they do? They may not respond to anger and they may not respond to swatting. Not in a positive way, but they know what love is. Somebody said, "How is that possible?" Because they know the creator. We may not understand it, but they know the creator. If the cows get away from the stone walls in India when the earthquakes are coming. If the birds come out of the rock walls because the troubles are coming. Somebody something is communicating that. Oh my. Someone observed Sadu Sundar Singh on a rock in the night talking to the creator. And here come the two leopards that had terrorized the village, that had taken lives. They come and sit down with him on the rock and he strokes their fur like those demon cats. You all like those little kitty cats. He just treated that dead deathly leopard deadly leopard just like a little kitty cat. just stroked it like that. Somebody said, "That's a mighty, holy man." No, that is a man who had somehow found a place that he could trust the authority that God gives to the simple believer. You and I can have that authority. It's ours. It's ours. Our name is already on it. You have the ability to make your storm a calm by the way you react to it. What if I don't see an immediate result? Believe. Don't doubt. Keep the faith. Keep your praise on. Be consistent. Come right back and speak to it again. You know, the enemy thinks you'll change your mind tomorrow when things don't shift immediately. So, he'll do anything he can to to hold on as long as he possibly can because he knows our he knows how you and I don't stick with anything. You know, he knows that by January the 15th, we've forgotten all of our vows for January, for the new year. He knows that. He knows how human nature operates and he's just waiting to see if you'll believe tomorrow what you say you believe today. How many of you believe we can come to a place where our faith is even stronger tomorrow than it is today and we hadn't even seen the results of it yet. Then how can your faith grow? Because you start rehearsing what you have seen God do. I saw what he did such and such. I know what he did such and such. I remember when he did at a certain certain time your faith starts growing then and you start deciding I'm ready for my storm to become a calm I'm ready to redefine my state of mind I'm ready to put a muzzle I'm not going to stand here and let the enemy strike at me like brother Dwayne preached last night once it poison me a little bit at a time I'm going to get away I'm going to get away somehow Now, I'm going to take authority. I'm going to find a way out of this stuff. Are you here? Let's see. It's 111. Oh, I got some. You're rushing me and I have time. Be muzzled and stay that way. That root word there, fimos, refers to a muzzle or a gag. I'm putting a gag in your mouth, you lying devil of hell. I'm not listening to you anymore. You rage against the truth and the reality of Jesus Christ. I'm I'm talking to you now. the contextual nuance of the word and how the word is used in context here commands silence. It intensifies it with the imagery of binding or restraining as one might muzzle a wild animal. This is no soft plea for calm. Jesus isn't saying, you know, it would really be lovely if you would go back into your regular behavior so that we can get to the other side. That's how we think he talked. because that's what the Catholic Church represents him to be almost a But I know that I know the one who planted the whip. And said, "I'm just about tired of the way you religious people behave yourself in my father's house." You've let your religion steal your relationship and I'm here to do something about it. I'm here to turn over a table. Come on. That's the same God. That's the same God that said, "Father, forgive them." They don't know what they're doing. That's the same God. Are you here? This was a forceful subjugation of the storm's power. The sea isn't just quieted. It's rendered powerless. It's tamed by the words of Jesus. It has no choice, no option, no alternative. It must obey. Because when the creator speaks to the storm, it has to hush. There are broader implications here. We don't have time to go into all of it, but I love every piece of it. The broader implications of peace be still as a translation. The English rendering softens the original Greek somewhat. Peace often in Greek, but it's not used here. This is a different form of the word peace. It suggests harmony or tranquility. the other word, while be still, the word that's used here, uh uh the other word implies a gentle calming. However, these words are sharper. They're more commanding. What if I told you that in the Greek, and that's all we've got to work with? It would be more like shut up and stay down. You know, your words don't have to be ugly. And they don't have to be rough when you know the authority that you have. Right? True. So, I'm not trying to make it look like Jesus was just raging and mad. He wasn't at all. But he spoke with such a voice of command. Hold your peace. Shut up. Stay calm. Or my little disciples here are going to throw themselves overboard in a panic. Where's your faith? And he turns to them immediately. come everything. Where's your faith? Don't you know what God is capable of doing? Have you How many of you have ever seen him healed? How many of you have ever been healed? And don't we panic when a new symptom arises? He's a healer. I'm not getting all the help I need, but that's all right. He's a healer. He's a healer. He's a healer. He's a deliverer. Shut up and stay calm. This reflects the urgency and power of the moment. You put these words together. You put these two words together. Uh peace be peace. Tranquility be tranquility. It's like Jesus saying verily verily. It's a double emphasis. He was addressing directly the situation. His language reflected the authority. Peace be still. Jesus didn't pray. Our father, creator of all that is good and holy, we come to you today asking that you would give some help to my poor struggling disciples and that you would create a calmer environment for us to make our transition to the other side. No prayer, no addressing of the divine, no ending of the prayer. And the saint said, All right. He didn't turn around. And the saint said, and the disciples said, and the panicking fellows said none of that. He didn't pray. He declared. He commanded. Oh my. That's one of the most common ways that Jesus ministered. Using words to exercise authority over demons, over disease, over nature. Speaking words to bring healing, deliverance, and miracles. The word of God, little bride, is nigh thee. It is even in thy mouth. That's right. It's here. You see, the reality is Jesus doesn't sweat the small stuff. He doesn't get excited over waves. When the storm is at its worst, he's as calm as he can be. He was still on board. He's still on the throne. He rebuked the storm, spoke peace to them. The Did you really realize that the storm he was talking to wasn't just the natural expression? It was the storm within them. Master, master, we perish. Don't you care? We thought you loved us. That's the storm that needs to be spoken to today. Oh, I knew. Listen, I knew that it wouldn't be easy to get this out. I knew that it wouldn't quite fit in in the in the in the expectation, but I want you to know I was fully convinced when I left the house this morning that somebody would hear this who desperately absolutely needed it. And I and I, as I'm praying and I feel that impression, I thought, well, Lord, maybe Monday, maybe Tuesday, maybe there's somebody that needs it right now. There's somebody that needs it today. There's somebody that's going to realize before you go to bed tonight that a storm has risen on your lake. And your master seems to be asleep because he could be doing something about it, but he doesn't seem to be doing something about it. Somebody said, "I was praying." Were you praying or were you begging? Were you approaching him as an orphan or a son? I hear religious prayers sometime that sound more to me like an orphan desperately looking for a daddy Warbucks. Come on. A little Annie somewhere that needs a savior. Not a bride that has already found what she was looking for. A and the reality is you didn't find him. He found you. You were the one lost. And he came looking for you. He found you in your sin. He found you in your bondage. He found you in your addiction. You think he's going to leave you now? You think he's going to forsake you now? Hello. Never. Never. Sometimes we feel trapped on a boat in the middle of a storm tossed sea. The waves of life are knocking us to and fro. You peer into the darkness, hoping to see an end of the storm, but all you see is more gray skies and more gray skies and more angry waves and it seems like every day a new element of chaos is added to the storm. But if you recognize that Jesus is in your boat, the master of the universe is in your vessel. He can be asleep and you are still safe. That's good. I'm convinced that they could have pulled up a pillow. Yeah. Come on. And made it safely to the other side. You mean nobody praying, nobody rebuking, nobody taking a thought? Absolutely. I believe those disciples could have, but if they had have, you and I wouldn't have recognized ourselves in the story. But now we can. Little old Betty Jean Robinson, she's dead now. She wrote hundreds of songs. A lot of them sounded exactly the same, but she definitely was a psalmist. and she wrote this little song, this little chorus that that's been pretty helpful to me in time. It it just says, "God's got everything under control. I can sleep like a baby. I've got peace in my soul because God's got everything under control." Sometimes he doesn't let us sleep because he wants us to pray. There are other times we stay awake because we're worrying, because we're tossed and torn and our mind is raging and racing and we forget. Laying right there in the bed with us is the master of every circumstance. Hello. The voice of all voices, the author, the voice of ultimate authority. He's right there with us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, I don't know which storm is is more profound. If it was the one on the outside of the boat, if it was the one on the inside of the boat, but Jesus won them all. He spoke peace to all of them. Jesus's plan for our lives does not include just calming storms all the time. He He's got a lot more uh look at the rebuke. He turned around to him and said, "Where's your faith? Why aren't you doing this?" Jesus only rebuked people who are afraid in his presence. Did you notice here come the little woman guilty of the act of adultery? He didn't rebuke her. He loved her and forgave her. Why? Because she had come to the right place. Her fear was of man, not of him. She recognized immediately that he had come to help her. They'd come to kill her. He'd come to help her. She wasn't even afraid. She was reverent. So there was no rebuke for her. He turned and rebuked the accusers. Isn't that interesting? Are you still here? He just rebuked the But there are some places in the scripture that he did bring a rebuke. And every time it was to someone who was fearful in his presence. Fearful in his presence. There's no reason to be fearful when we're in his presence. So does that mean when we're in church or does it mean all the time, every day? Is he always with us? Is he only with us when we meet corporately? Is he always with us? You let me know what you believe. Isaiah 41:10, "Fear thou not, for I am with thee. Be not dismayed, for I am thy God. I will strengthen thee. Yay, I will help thee. Yay, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness." Is that for anybody here? Does anybody believe it'll work for you? We forget so often who's sailing with us through these terrible storms of life. Amen. in the message uh calling Jesus on the scene and I'm nearly done and I didn't even I haven't even got to the punchline. That's okay. Paragraph 105. Now notice God will make our bodies obey him that he said in St. John the 6th chapter, he that eats my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life and I will raise him up at the last day. Think of it. Our bodies obey when we have no more control of it. turns back to a spoonful of dust. God will speak to that body and it'll rise up again in the likeness of the resurrected Jesus Christ. Do you believe that? What are you worrying about this? If it's in the hands of God, let go. Amen. For he will raise it up in the last day. Death is no big deal. He promised to do it. That's thus sayaith the Lord. It's written in his word. What are you scared about this then? This little old ship. He's in it. If he isn't in it, don't leave tonight until he comes in. It's a dangerous thing to try to sail without him. Amen. He said you'll be sunk. Sure, but you can't sink. If you sink, he'll raise you up again. Somebody say, "Just ask Peter." He sunk. And what did the Lord do? Raise him right up again. That's right. You won't know until you try. That's right. You can't sink. If if you do sink, he'll raise you up again. So, what difference does it make? That's what that's what that's what Big Mama said. What difference does it make? I'm not going to panic and run around and the eternal life. God who can make all creation obey him. Oh, I love that old church song. The winds and the waves obey his will. Peace be still. Peace be still. And if you don't know that, that's Bea Jackson's song. Everything has to obey him. All nature has to obey him. He is the creator of nature. Amen. The disciples found their self at the end. It must have dawned on them. They seen they couldn't do nothing about it. It must have dawned on them. Say, "We're in an awful shape here. Oh, I'm going to die. I don't want to drown." One of them must have said, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Did it ever dawn on you that he's laying right there? We've been talking all about him, testifying about him, about the great works, and claiming him to be the Messiah. And there he is, right here with us. Oh. Oh, glory. Oh, what a feeling. Hello. Anybody reading that with me? We're in a tether, and there he lays. Now, that's not what the bride's going to say. You don't have to say, "Oh, Lord, here we are worried and he's with us." That's not what he said. The rock is only smitten once. The next time it was the speaking to the rock that brought the water. This little bride's going to operate in that full authority of the spoken word and you're not going to have to wake anybody up. You're going to wake up and you're going to recognize what you have, what he has given you. Oh Jesus have mercy. Jehovah Gyra, he was a man when he come down off the mountain that night hungry looking around for something to eat. was a man when he couldn't find nothing to eat on the fig tree. That was a man hungry. But when he take five biscuits and two little fishes and fed 5,000, that was more than a man. Sure was. He was a man that night out in the little boat out there on the wavy sea storm up. 10,000 devils of the sea swore they'd drown him. And that little old boat pitching like a bottle stopper out there. He was a man laying there so tired and weary till even the waves didn't wake him up. But when he got up, put his foot on the braille of the boat and looked up and said, "Peace be still." And the winds and the waves obeyed him. That was more than a man. That was God. All that was in the Father, he poured into the Son. All that was in the Son, he did what with it? He poured that into this little bride by the baptism of the Holy Ghost in fire. Let somebody say amen. Truly, he cried for mercy at the cross. He cried like a man. When he was dying, but when he rose on Easter morning, he said he proved he was God. He's a resurrected one. He's a God man. God was in Christ. What if you understood? What if you had a revelation of who you are and what you are and the dual nature that you've been given in the last days? One more calling Jesus on the scene Denim Springs. Do you believe that? That's the same thing. You believe Jesus Christ's presence is here now. Congregation said, "Amen." How many accepts that? Amen. Oh, what a security. What a security. What did you do? You awakened him. You brought him on the scene. Here he is on the scene. That don't make any difference what the boat's saying. Remember, he can say, "Peace be still." Doesn't matter what the doctor's saying. Doesn't matter what the weatherman is saying. Doesn't matter what the devil is saying. Peace be still is what he says. He can make the storm a calm. He can take your anxiety, your panic attack, your depression, your oppression, your mental battle, your emotions out of whack. Yes. Yes sir. I understand I understand the role that hormones plays in what goes on in both male bodies and female bodies. But I want you to know we have come to blame a lot of things on chemistry that should be directed toward the enemy because he wants to whip up a storm wherever he can. Even even if it's in the chemistry of your blood. He's a liar. He's the father of all lies. Amen. Five generations of my family have died with heart disease. You say, "Oh, really?" Are you Are you aiming to make it six? Or are you determined to recognize that you're living in the greatest hour? You're living in an hour greater greater than the generations before you. You're living in an hour where God said, "I'm going to manifest sons on the earth." Amen. I was the seed that went in the ground. Our Lord said, "You're the harvest." You'll never get that by visiting him casually from time to time. You'll only find that place when you hang with him, when you choose him over and over and over and over and over and over again. Uh, let's see. It's 129. Could I take another moment? I know you you're just being kind. Let me ask this little brother here. You came all the way from New Mexico. When are you going home? Oh, well, you've got we've got plenty of time to preach a little longer then, don't we? You don't have to be leave till Monday at 10:00. He came all the way from New Mexico to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. [Applause] Shouldn't I think about him? Shouldn't I consider him a little bit? Good. I I'm glad you see it my way. Isaiah chapter 4. Go there with me just a moment. And the Lord, verse 5, and the Lord will create upon every dwelling place on Mount Zion, and upon her assemblies, a cloud and a smoke by day, and the shining of a flaming fire by night, for upon all the glory. For upon all the glory shall be a defense. And there shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the daytime from the heat and for a place of refuge and for a covert from storm and from rain. Do you know what God is saying through the prophet Isaiah to his people? I've got you covered. Doesn't matter what it is. I've got you covered. He's giving them a millennial promise. He's giving them a promise of a restored kingdom on the other side. But I want you to know that the reality of this truth is not just something that you experience on the other side. It's something that you can take. Remember the New Testament tells us that there is a maturity. There is a there is a group of of mature people raised up established in the last days who are given the privilege of tasting tasting the powers of the age to come. Anybody in here like to take a bite out of millennial glory on this side of the millennium? The New Testament says you can taste the powers, the glories of the age to come. You mean over here in what we know is Satan's Eden, in the last of the last days, in the closing of the Leodysian church age, and yet there will be somebody who will reach over into millennial glory and take a bite out of it. God said there would be. No, I didn't fall and I'm going to live. Jesus name. Amen. Jesus, the word, the scripture, the spirit of God witnesses to us that this is the truth. All of creation groanth for the manifestation to the sons of God. And we're still running around like little mice in an experiment now, brother. When we've been through the fire and he brought us through and we've been through the flood and he brought us through. He fed us when we were hungry. Come on. He gave us rest when we were weary. Didn't he do it? Haven't you been on this third Exodus journey for a while now? Haven't you been coming out of something your whole life and heading into something else? Is that not your story? It's my story. My whole life I've been coming out of something and going into something. What about an hour that we would be able to take a bite, a taste, a sample over here, sir, of what's waiting for us over there, tasting the powers of the age to come. Yes, sir. Why don't they talk about that? We're talking about it this morning. That's millennial authority. Lion laying down with the lamb. A little child playing on the hole of an asp. The the the deadliest kind of snake in that part of the world. A little child leading the beast of the wild. Come on, Johnny Cash. Sing it to us. Peace in the valley. Peace in the valley. lion laying down with the lamb. That's part of the powers of the age to come. What does that represent? It represents the authority over curses. Yes, sir. The whole enmity of the of that kingdom, the animal kingdom, all of the enmity there is a result of the fall. The love projected from the prophet who who spoke to the bull that was reversing the curse in that moment. when you have exercised that kind of love, that kind of peace with a with a hornet or whatever it is you're encountering. And some have really thought, I'm going to I'm going to see if that I'm going to take some I'm going I'm going to try that and it works. What that is is just a little foretaste what God let brother Brandon we talked about Sadu Sundar sing and there's so many others through the ages that we have the recorded testimonies of how God gave them that place of peace and authority even over that animal kingdom uh uh you know I don't know how many alligators you're going to run into in your life and uh whatever but the reality is that's only a small part we're talking about a changing a whole having a whole body. We're we're talking about what God did for the children of Israel as they journeyed 40 years in the wilderness without a feeble one among them. No TJ Maxx to stop in for a bigger size of shoes. Hello. No Dollar General for a t-shirt when the one you had on you've outgrown it. The Bible said they didn't need it. I don't know what happened. Perhaps their clothes just grew with them as they went. Really, they were tasting. They were really tasting something. They were really running. Forerunners. They were showing us that God has a way of getting you over and taking care of you on the journey. And what did those people do instead of understanding the beauty of what God was doing for them? They belly achd and they grumbled and they complained and they lived lukewarm lives and blamed the prophets and blamed God and blamed everybody else. Blamed their wives and blamed their husbands. Come on. And God was right there taking care of them. The rock followed them. Paul said it followed them. The water went with them wherever they went. Just like the brother was preaching to us last night. The well is in you. Come on. You believe God did that for them? Do you believe he's the same today? Somebody say, "I can't even fathom this, Brother Shel. I I can't pay my power bill. I'm trying to believe God to pay my power bill." And here you are talking about the spoken word, speaking the thing. Try it. Try try it on that. Try it on that. Lord, I need provision in the name of Jesus. I have obeyed my covenant with you. I have given you what was yours and I have laid the top. I've laid the offering on the top of that and I have given it unto the Lord and I am thanking you right now for the abundance. And right now I don't need a running over bank account. I just need a bill paid. Can he do it? He does. He does. Not only can he, he does. No need to panic. No need to cower in fear. He said, "I'll be a defense. My glory shall be a defense." Anybody know what that word defense is there in the Hebrew? It's hoopa. It's the bridal canopy. God said, "I'll be the I'll be Listen, this is a symbol of marriage. When you when you take on the name of Jesus Christ in baptism, it's like a marriage. You're wearing his name. You're carrying the authority of his name. Amen. So, so God said, "Look, I'm just going to let my glory come down over you like a like a hoopa, like a like a canopy, like a bridal tent, and I'm going to take care of you." I believe him. I believe him. He said, "Then I'll be a tabernacle." Do you know what that word tabernacle is in the in the Hebrew? It's suka. It's the name for the booth that they lived in at tabernacles at Sukkot. God said, "I will be a bridal canopy over your head. My glory will be a bridal canopy over your head. And I will be a tabernacle for a shadow in the daytime from the heat, for a place of refuge, and for a covert from the storm and from the rain." Brother, sister, you cannot lose. You cannot lose when you know whose you are. There's something so beautiful in that tabernacle. There's something so beautiful in that bridal canopy. That bridal canopy speaks to us of intimacy. That's becoming one with the bridegroom. The promise for the last day bride, the last church age bride, that bride coming out of Leodysia, her promise is that she will walk in union. with Messiah. Paul was a forerunner. He began to talk about that that union being one with him. There's no panic in him. There's no fear in him. There's no death in him. There's no worry in him. There's no anxiety in him. There's no cancer in him. Becoming one with him. And that only takes place when we are spending quality time with him. And that's not two times a week in church. That's a daily daily daily daily daily relationship. I sat on this platform last night. And I scanned this auditorium as our brother was preaching and I wondered in my heart how many of us really understand what it is to be so thirsty that nothing satisfies. What quenched your thirst yesterday does not quench your thirst today. You are so desirous of him. I've got to have more of him. I wonder how many of us woke up this morning realizing I've got to have more of him. You know this for many many years I wake up every morning with a song. Most of the time it's a precious, beautiful gospel song. On rare occasion it has been a secular song that God was going to use to talk to me through. And he can use anything he wants to. So don't be religious. Now, I woke up this morning singing this old hymn, this old song. Longing, longing for Jesus. [Music] I have a longing in my heart for him, just to be near him and to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Longing longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him just to be near him to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. I don't hear you longing, longing for [Music] I have a longing in my heart for him just to be near. and to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart. Longing longing for Jesus. [Music] I have a longing in my heart for him. Just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a long [Music] longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him, just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for longing longing for Jesus. [Music] I have all in my heart for just to be to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him, just to be near him, to feel his [Music] presence. I have a longing in my heart. [Music] Can you imagine singing a song like that? I have a longing in my heart for Jesus while checking the basketball score. C can you imagine sitting in a service where the anointed and revealed word of God is going forth and you're more concerned about the weather report now. Can you imagine that? I can't imagine that. Can you I can't imagine that. I can't imagine someone sitting in an atmosphere like we often find ourselves in here uh watching for the for the latest Fox News notification now and then chasing the video rabbit trail that brother we don't make any sense sometime I'm not condemning you I'm telling you we we don't make any sense sometime we sit in a service last night hungry thirsty the message thirsting for Jesus hungry for Jesus And we all nod our heads and we all say amen. And we all wiggle our toes and we walk out of here thinking we're the hungriest people for Jesus that there has ever been. We don't even make it to the car before we have checked in with this old world. So afraid that something's happening out there and we've got this FOMO disease, fear of missing out. So afraid that something's going to happen and we're somebody's going to tweet and we're not going to know what they said. and somebody's going to do this and we're not going to know. Come on, folks. I'm not here to make you mad. We got to go. We I don't want to make wear you out, but I just got to tell you something. I I I found I'm finding it very very difficult to watch people raise one hand and and and trim their fingernails with the other hand. Do you understand? That's that's going through the motion without feeling the connection. That's why we're so anxious and that's why we're so fearful. Be because we're we're just half in this thing. Somebody said, "He's not talking to me." Good, but let me talk to the ones I am talking to. We're not in this thing. And we wonder why we're not talking to storms and why we're not speaking to growths and why tumors aren't disappearing and we can't even get along with each other. That's right. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Here she comes. This is the attitude we carry sometime. We we're we're talking about becoming one with him. Uh you know, brother Brandham, in that message, he he's talking when he's giving us the tent vision. I'm not ashamed to call his name. If you don't like it, lump it. He wasn't a perfect man, but he was a man that God chose to use in my life. He's telling the vision of the tent. And the carnal-minded people who followed him then and the carnal-minded people who follow him now would rather believe that they're going to put up a literal tent and he's going to come back and need an airplane to get from meeting to meeting. Come on now. This is what some of those folks have committed their life to. And I wonder what Jesus would say to us today. He'd say, "I'd like to tell you something spiritual, but you're so carnal that you wouldn't even get what I'm saying." Wouldn't he say that to some of them here? They talk about who we are and the authority of the bride and the spoken word, and they're waiting on a one-man resurrection. But when he told us that tent vision, he let us know that every part of it had a spiritual meaning. Not a literal fulfillment, but a spiritual fulfillment. And he gets right down to the end of it and he said, he said, "What's that word you were hunting for the other day?" What's that word you were hunting for the other day? He never told us what the word was. But what is he preaching about? He's preaching about tent, a tent. He's preaching about a little tent or a little room within this greater canopy where people are going in and they're coming out under the ministry of the spoken word and they go in one way and they come out another. And we would like to think that's because they met the preacher or the prophet or the or whoever in there. But the reality is that's not what you meet in the bridal canopy. If you do, that's sickening. You don't It's perverted. You don't go into bridal canopy to lay with your pastor. You don't go into bridal canopy to lay with a prophet. You go into bridal canopy to lay with your mate. Is that right? Oh, I don't have time. This is what God woke me up with this morning. Don't have time to go into it now. But that's the place of intimacy. That's the place that in ancient times the family and the community would gather around the hoopa. They would gather around the tent. Walls uh would be dropped down. The the heavy c uh heavy cloth walls of the of this canopy where the vows had been taken would become it would now become a chamber of intimacy. Is that right? And yet everybody would gather around on the outside. Can you imagine? No privacy. But that's the way it was done. And they were waiting on something. I'm going to get plain. I'll hurry. I'll hurry at it. They were waiting on the tokens of virginity to be passed out. What in the world are you talking about? The Bible talks about the bloody sheet. Yes, sir. It It had to be passed out to the father of the bride because he was going to fold that thing up and put it away so that if that ever man got religious like some of these folks have done. Come on now, brother. And would come back and say, "I don't want that wife anymore. She wasn't pure. She wasn't pure when I married her, and I don't want her anymore. Her daddy." Come on now. That's right. Let me tell you something, you buzzard. I have the proof. I have the tokens of her virginity right here. It was kept in in a in a pouch in a in in some kind of fancy thing and put away like a woman would put a treasure away in a china closet somewhere. That's how it was all through scripture. So that the enemy could never come back and say you wouldn't you wasn't pure. You you know it didn't happen what you come on. That's right. And what what what did that represent? It represented that someone had a longing for for the bridegroom. And they didn't just go in there and shake hands. Right. They they went in there and consummated the relationship. Yes, sir. Now, that is the comparison that we're given in this hour to what takes place in that room within a room or that little tent within a bigger uh canopy of a tent. You you go in one way, you come out the other side just like him. Not because you read a book or heard a tape. You come out the other side just like him because you've consummated your relationship with him. I'm not trying to be sexual. I'm not trying to be vulgar, but I am telling you that a casual rendevous with the master is not going to give us authority over our circumstances. You're going to have to know you've been with him. Yes, sir. In the same manner that the little maid said to Peter, "I know you're one of them. I know you've been with them. Your speech betrays you." And he raised up just had told the Lord a few hours before, "I'll never I'll never betray you. I'll ne I'll never deny you. Oh, Jesus basically said, "I wished it were true." But the reality is three times before the crows. But he wasn't condemning him. He had no condemnation for him. He loved him so much he'd already prayed that his faith wouldn't fail. There was no condemnation. Peter couldn't believe it about himself. But the reality was the little woman said, "I know you're one of them. I don't know what you're talking about. There was nobody to say, "Wait a minute. Here's the proof. He's been with him. He's become one with the word." He's laid down his own thoughts and feelings and I've got this impression and I don't see it that ways. You know, I don't see it that way and I got a little different thought about that scripture and I got a little different idea over here. He's laid all that down and he's gone into that little place of intimacy and the veil has fallen behind him. Shutting him in with master and shutting out the world and denominational pools and pressures and lies. Come on now. That's what I'm after. That's what I have to have in my own life. Longing. I've got a longing. I've got a longing in my heart. I've got a longing in my heart for him. And I'm finding it more and more and more difficult to deal with the mundane. to let trauma, to let anxiety, to let fear, to let depression rule my day and keep me out of that place, even if it's for but a moment. Jason, you got to work. Got to pay bills. But if you can catch a moment, just a moment with him without your stupid phone. If you can just catch a moment with him. I hate religion. And I I I hate church. I do. I'm going to offend you. I hate it. I hate what it becomes. I hate what we've made it. It's not about performance. It's not about being something and looking a certain way. It's not about that. It's about another opportunity to be with him. So what if your birthday doesn't get mentioned? What if we forget to take the offering? What if the preacher preaches all day? It's about him. It's about him. We are so distracted. Somebody said, "But brother Shel, you don't have little babies." I I feel I tell you my heart breaks when I think about these little mothers and how they have to wrestle babies and but it's just reality. But can I remind you it won't always be that way. It won't always be that way. God bless you and fill you and steal every moment you can to encounter his presence because I know you miss so much of the service. Now, if you go out and you sit back there in that nursery and talk and chitchat when you ought to be in here, I don't feel sorry for you at all. if you're just back there chewing the stuff and you can do that after church. But if you're in there really struggling with a baby trying to get it to sleep or feed your little baby and you're missing out on what I feel sorry for you. Amen. But we get so comfortable. We're going to have to have a change here pretty soon. And I can't make you and you can't make me. But I woke up this morning again with a longing for him. What if I pray? What if I pray and believe that you'll wake up with a longing for him like you've never had before? You know what they used to do? They used to sit in their living room after a long hard day work and just sing his praise. That's what families used to do. and read the Bible and pray a little and sing a little more and let the presence of the Lord saturate the family. We need a little more of that. We might have to schedule it now, but we need a little more of that. We need a little less of the world, like brother was preaching last night. And we need a lot more him. Musicians come. I I have uh ruined the end of this, but I I'm moved. I I'm moved. I'm I'm moved because I know what's going to make the difference. You can't make yourself desire it. You can't make yourself desperate. It don't happen that way. You can't grunt and want more of him. The only advice I have is is make up your mind to have less of the world and watch and see what happens. I truly believe if you choose less of the world, you open your life for a greater hunger for him. I do. That's right. I don't believe we long for him like we used to because we fill it up with so many other things. Romance novels and all this stuff. Trash. Grown men addicted to comic books. Come on, folks. Really, I I'm honest. I'm not trying to be ugly. All All you uh video game addicts, what's wrong with you? No, you're not longing for him because you fill every moment with something else. We are so wired that we can't even sit in a room and be quiet and be still. The enemy has really pulled a trick. He has allowed us to be conditioned by the world around us so that we just can't even be still. We just can't even be quiet. We can't even just sing to him. the message people the same you know if I say this it'll be misunderstood but but all I hear them said oh here tape here tape here tape here tape here tape here tape here tape here tape here tape tape I believe that I believe we ought to hear them but I want you to know that you're just if you're just listening that tape and you're not relating that truth to your life and applying it and hearing it in faith and doing something about it it's just like this That's right. You got one hand in to the Lord and you're focused on your fingernails. I don't know what I'm going to do if somebody pulls their shoe off and starts working on their toenails. I use that as an example. I see people looking at one another's clothes while we're worshiping, longing. longing for Jesus. That's what it's going to take, right? And it's so close. You preach like it's a million miles away. Yeah, maybe. But the reality is it's one heartbeat, one breath from us. All it takes is a handful, a remnant to make up their mind. I've got to have him. I've got to have him. I'm desperate for him. I'm more desperate for him than a cheeseburger. I've got to have him. I have got to have him. I've got to deal with my storm. I've got to deal with my anxiety. I've got to do something about my fear. They're running rapid. I can't seem to control my emotions. I've got to do something about it. A few people get desperate like that. Run to him, spread their praise before him, with him, their full focus and attention, and they encounter the living God. And when you encounter the living God, you're never the same. You're never the same. Not religion. Relationship. Do you see the difference, Benjamin? I'm going to get you back. for all the years that people have, not you, but that people have turned services over to me in dull moments like this, and I've had to get up and preach. I'm going to see if you can come up with something that'll make us want to worship. I actually want to with all my heart, and I believe you do, too. Without a real closure, I don't know how to close this. Let's take a moment and worship him before we go. If you've got a longing in your heart, do something about it. If if you're hungering for more of him, do something about it this morning. Don't be satisfied with some surface relation. Oh, look for that place of oneness and intimacy with him. Jesus, I want you in with God in a secret place. I'll be the glory over your head there in the spirit. That's what you said, Lord. Behold, I'll be your defense. My glory will power you to run, defend you in the race, tabernacle over you. Oh, I long to be shut in with God. This me and you, Jesus. Oh, shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding beholding his face gaining gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, I long to be shut in with God. Oh, shut in with God in a secret place. Somebody tell him, "I've got to have you there in the spirit beholding his face. I'm gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, I long to be shut in with God. Oh, shut in with God. Here I am, Lord, in a secret place. There in the spirit. Show me the way. Beholding his face. More of you, Lord. I'm gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, I long to be shut in with God. If there's anybody here this morning that would like to determine in your heart you don't want to leave here like you came, now is your opportunity to open up your heart in a bigger way to him than you ever have before. I wish we all could do that. I wish every one of us could open up our lives to him in a way maybe that we've never done before. or just wide open and say, "Lord, I am so ready for for a divine encounter with you. I'm so ready to be changed by your presence, by your glory, by your word. I'm so ready to commit all that I am to you. I've been holding back and I'm ready to give you my all." Then this is the chance to do that. I believe somebody here will make a difference. I do. I believe somebody here will find that place before you leave. I felt it when I woke up this morning that somebody was going to see a storm become a calm and it was going to be because they surrendered everything. They surrendered everything to him. Not my will. Can you say that and mean it from the bottom of who you are? Not my will, but your will be done. Not my expectation, Lord, but your divine destiny plan for my life. Let's open up our lives as we perhaps sing again. But if you don't sing, just take that moment to say, "Lord, here I am." Somebody do that right now. I hope you can recover. I hope you can take this moment to say, "Here I am." [Music] Spirit beholding his master master gaining new power. We perish to run in the race. Wake up Lord in us. I long to be shut in with God. Woo Jesus. Shut in with with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face gaining gaining new power to run in the race. Oh, I long to be shut in. Let's try something else. Let's try playing something with no words and let you and I try to uh to find a place to really talk to the Lord for a few moments. Let's do that. If you have to go, God bless you. Thank you for being with us. For those of you stay, we're going to have a great fellowship lunch together after a while. Why don't we just find a place? Let's talk to God like we know how to do. Father, here we are. Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Music] circumstances. You're [Music] Yes. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Excuse me. [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord. [Music] Hello. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] daily bread. [Music] Your very word [Music] spoken to me and [Music] I I'm lost without you. [Music] And I I'm desperate for [Music] you. And I I'm lost without you. [Music] Oh, and I I'm desperate for you. [Music] This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. [Music] Your very word spoken to me and [Music] I I'm lost without you and I I'm desperate for you. [Music] And I I'm desperate for [Music] you and [Music] I I'm lost without you. [Music] You are my daily bread and you are my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me. And I [Music] I'm desperate for you. Your grace and mercy. And I'm lost without you. [Music] And I I'm desperate for you. [Music] And I'm lost without you. [Music] Sweet Jesus, you are my daily bread. You are my daily bread. Your very word spoken to me and I I'm desperate for you. And I [Music] I'm lost without [Music] you and [Music] I I'm desperate for [Music] you and [Music] I'm lost without [Music] you. You are my daily [Music] bread. You are my daily bread. Your very [Music] word spoken to me and [Music] I I'm desperate for you. [Music] And [Music] I I'm lost without [Music] you. You are the air I breathe. You are the air I breathe. [Music] Your holy presence living in me and [Music] I I'm desperate for you. [Music] And I I'm lost without [Music] you. And I I'm desperate for you. [Music] And [Music] I I'm lost without you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I use [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. And I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm your storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. My boat of life sails on a troubled sea whenever there's a wind in my sail. Oh, but I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into a gale. Oh, cuz I know the master of the [Music] wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can call me
