################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - The Ministry of the Last Drop (Mother's Day Service) Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    The Ministry of the Last Drop (Mother's Day Service) | Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker: Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xonAtiCrGwI
========================================

Description:
In "The Ministry of the Last Drop," Pastor Shelley examines the miracle of the widow's oil in 2 Kings 4, revealing how mothers often pour from seemingly empty vessels. Through biblical analysis and personal testimony, he demonstrates how God supernaturally multiplies resources when mothers faithfully pour out what little they have. The sermon celebrates both biological and spiritual motherhood while offering hope that even those who received from "cracked vessels" can become channels of redemptive nurturing through Christ.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Love you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] And Where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I talk to? When no one wants to listen. Who do I lead on? Oh, when there's no foundation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. I go to the rock. When I go to the rock of my salvation, go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand, on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. And where do I go when there's no one else to turn to? Who do I talk to? When no one wants to listen, who do I lead on? Oh, when there's no foundation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. I go to the rock and I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. And when the earth all around me be a sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter when I need a friend I go to the rock. And where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over. And where do I run to? When those winds of sorrow threaten, there is a reuge. Oh, in your time of tribulation. When my soul needs consolation, I'll go to the rock. Well, and I'll go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. And where do I hide? Till the storms have all passed over. And where do I run [Music] to those winds of sorrow threatening? There is a reuge. Oh, in your time of tribulation. When my soul needs consolation, I'll go to the rock. hell and I'll go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the build is rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. And when the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Well, and I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the build is rejected. I run to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. And when the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter when I need a friend I go to the rock. Some glad morning we shall see Jesus in the air. He's coming after you and me. Joy is ours to share. And what rejoicing there will be when the saint shall rise. Oh, headed for that jubilee. Yonder in the sky. And oh what singing, oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. Well, it seems that now I almost see all the saint dead rising for that jubilee that is just a hand. And in the twinkling of an eye, change with him to be. Oh, all the living saints shall fly to that jubilee. And oh what singing, oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. And oh what glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessings here in the sky. Oh and oh what singing. Oh, what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise and go what glory hallelujah when we meet our blessed Savior in the sky and when with all the heavenly host we begin to sing. We're singing in the Holy Ghost. How the heavens will ring. Millions there will join the song. With him we shall be. We're praising Christ through ages long. Heaven jubilee and oh what seeing. What a day of shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise and oh what glory. Hallelujah. We meet our blessed savior in the sky. Well, and some that morning we shall see Jesus in the air. He's coming after you and me. He joy is ours to share. And what rejoicing there will be he when the saint shall rise. Oh, headed for that jubilee yonder in the sky. And oh what singing, oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory hallelujah when we meet our blessed savior in the sky. It seems that now I almost see all the saint. They're rising for that jubilee that is just ahead. And in the twinkling of the night changeth to be. Oh all the living saints shall fly to that jubilee. And oh what singing. Oh what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise and oh what glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky, and when with all the heavenly host, we begin to sing. We're singing in the Holy Ghost, how the heavens will ring. And millions there will join the song with him. We shall be. We're praising Christ through ages long. Heaven jubile. No one sing. Oh, what a day of shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh, what glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed Savior in the sky. Oh, and oh what sing. Oh, what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise and go glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. Oh hallelujah. What a morning. Hallelujah. [Music] And I have heard a sound coming on the winds. It's changing hearts and minds and healing brokenness. I feel a generation breaking through despair. And I hear a generation full of faith declare. Oh, and our song it will be. [Music] Oh, and not in the darkness. He will rise and sing that he is faithful and he is glorious and he is Jesus and all my my hope is in him. He is freom and he is a healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace in life. Yeah. You are faithful Lord and I have seen a light that's breaking through the dawn. It's giving blind men sight. And it's letting the lame men walk. And I see a generation with a resurrection life. And we are that generation. And we're filled with the power of Christ. Oh, and our soul. Yes, it will be. And out of the darkness we will rise and see that he is faithful and he is glorious and he is Jesus and all my my hope is in him. He is freom and he is he's healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace and life. Yeah. Oh, you are so faithful, Lord. Oh, and I have seen a light that's breaking through the dawn. It's giving blind sight and it's letting the lameman walk. And I see a generation with resurrection life. And we are that generation. We're filled with the power of Christ. Oh, and our song. Yes, it will be. And out of the darkness we will rise and sing that he is faithful and he is glorious and he is Jesus and all my my hope is in him. He is freom and he is healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace and life. [Music] Yeah. Cuz he has paid the highest price for us. Oh yes you have, Lord. And he has proven his great love, his love for us. So we will praise him with our lives and proclaim our love for him. Oh cuz he has made the highest for us. Oh yes you have Lord. And he has proven his great love, his love for us. So we will praise him with our [Music] lives and proclaim our love for him. Oh cuz he is faithful and he is glorious and he is Jesus and all my my hope is in him. He is freom and he is healing right now. He is hope and joy and love and peace and [Applause] life. Oh, you are faithful, Lord. In all of your ways, you are faithful, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] worship you. And all throughout my history, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms made way for spring. In every season from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness. All over my life. All over my life. [Music] And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. They're all over my [Music] life. It's all throughout my history. Lord, your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms made way for spring. Oh, in every season from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness. All over my life, Lord. It's all over my life. Oh, and I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. and help me remember when I'm [Music] weak. That fear may come, but fear will lead. You lead my heart to victory and you are my strength and you always will be cuz I see the evidence of your goodness. They're all over my life. Oh, they're all over my life. And I see And I see your promises in [Music] [Applause] fulfillment all over my life. All over my [Music] life. And I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. They are all over my life. And I see And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. I see the cross, the empty grave. Oh, the evidence is sinless. All my sin was blown away because of you. Oh Jesus, I see the cross, the empty grave. Oh, the heavens, it's sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence in sin is all my sin was rolled away. Because of you, oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over my life. Oh, all over my life. And I see And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. all over my life. Sing it out. I see and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life, all over my [Music] life. And I see your promises in [Music] fulfillment all over my life. They're all over my life. Oh, you are faithful, Lord. You're so good to us, Lord. We see the evidence of your goodness. Hallelujah. [Music] All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I [Music] express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. But every song must stand and you never [Music] do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, I know it's not much, but I've nothing else fit for a king except for my heart singing. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. And I've got one [Music] response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched [Music] wide. Lord, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and I'll praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Oh. Lord, I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else for a king. Except for my heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Oh [Music] hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide, Lord, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. You are worthy, Lord, cuz all that I have is a highle. It's a [Music] [Applause] high and I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for the king except for my heart singing hallelujah. [Music] [Music] So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the [Music] Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Won't you get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those mouths. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? Get up and praise the Lord. Come on, my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you got a lion inside of those eyes. it up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you got a li inside of those. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? Oh, I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] highle. It's a [Applause] highle. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else before a king. Stand for my heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those arms. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? Oh, get up and praise the Lord. Come on, my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy of me. Lift up your soul cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Won't you get up and praise the Lord? Oh, get up and praise the Lord. Come on my soul. Oh, and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you got a lion inside of those arms. Get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] highle. It's a highle. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else before the king except for my heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallel this morning. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is [Music] it's a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much that I'm nothing else fit for the king except for a heart singing [Music] [Applause] hallelujah hallelujah. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] [Applause] hallelu hallelu. [Applause] [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for my heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Oh Lord, we let a hallelujah come out of our mouth today. All praises unto you. All praise to you, Lord, for you are worthy. Yes, Lord. Oh God, I know that it's not much, but out of my mouth, out of my heart comes a Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus, for saving me. Yes. Thank you for your delivering power in my life, Lord. Oh, we worship you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Oh, Jesus. [Music] He is worth every Hallelujah. Amen. He is worth every praise the Lord. So much more. He is worth way more than these vocal cords can give him. Way more than these lifted hands can give him. But oh my heart my heart cries it out more than my mouth does. Oh, I'm grateful today. I'm grateful today. Glad that I can go to him. That he always listens. Oh, thank you, Lord. We want to take our needs to him. Do you have I don't have any spoken needs any written down. Sister Flo's granddaughter Jessica lost her husband this week unexpectedly and he collapsed and pretty quickly after that was gone. They were in Atlanta attending an event. They were going to take a few days off after that together in Atlanta before he went back on the road. And uh she's very devastated. I'm sure that she would appreciate our prayers today. You just don't know. No. Life is a vapor. It is. Uh he was a little bit good bit older than she was, but the reality is it doesn't matter. No, it absolutely. I watch the obituary still. Uhhuh. And I'm surprised sometime there's so many people unexpectedly leaving here. Yes. Pray for Jessica and her family. Pray for those who are out of town this weekend. pray for those who uh couldn't be here today that God will help them and strengthen them. And uh let's pray for uh the peace of Jerusalem. Yes. Amen. Amen. Do you have an unspoken need you'd like to make known by the lifting of the hand out across the stream? The needs that you have, we pray for you, remember you, asking the Lord to minister to your needs. Sing this little course with us as we prepare to pray. Always remember Sister Terry and Sister Ge to the Lord. God will strengthen them. Father in heaven, how we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty worth. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns. Brother Daniel Miller, will you come and pray over the needs today? Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. Jesus, Jesus, we declare you reign today, Lord. We declare we've surrendered our hearts to you today. May your abode be welcoming to you today. We don't pray to a God that we don't know who you are. Lord, surely you were the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. And surely you still are. Surely you were the God of Moses and David and Jeremiah and Isaiah. David testified prophetically that your bones would stare at you one day. And surely Jesus, you are our God. The God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Took on a mortal robe. You shed your blood for us that we might be cleansed and set apart. You took stripes for our healing. God, there's there's broken hearts today. You've heard the prayer request. Sister Flo's family, her granddaughter, and her loss. God, only you can bind up the brokenhearted. Only you can mend the wound. Only you can heal. Oh God. Surely the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob has been manifested in our day. Lord, you were a creative God with Amy Simple McFersonson. You were a creative God with William Brandom. And God, we want to get out of the way and let you created us. We want to be everything that you've called us to be today. As we set aside this time and we worship the God that was and the God that is, may you come today, speak to our hearts and may your word transform our life and make us into your image. God, you're not looking for a cross and you're not looking for a statue. You're looking for a people today that you might manifest yourself through. May we be that people. Yes, we surrender to you and we thank you for your promises. We thank you for your love. We thank you for your spirit, your atmosphere, your presence. God, we thank you that you're making your per oh, you're making your personality known to us. You're letting us know what you like and what you don't like. God, we just want to bring you an offering of praise today that's worthy of you. We want to lay our petition before you knowing that you won't miss one of them. So we commit it to you. We commit the service to you. We commit our loved ones that are on the road and apart from us today. We commit Sister Terry and Sister Ge to you today, Lord. We commit our fellowship to you today. May you be in everything. May you be lifted up. And may we be all drawn closer to you because of it. We continue to glorify you. have the preeminence in the remainder of the service. Lord, we ask it in the name above all names, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Yeshua Hamashiach, our Messiah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. Give him one more shot of praise. Oh hallelujah. We praise you Lord. Amen. God bless you. You may have your seats today. Hallelujah. We're glad to see you in the house of the Lord today. We want to wish all of the mothers a very happy Mother's Day. God bless you. Thank you for what you do. We're so grateful. I'm glad that I still have my mother. She's still alive and still at her post of duty beside of daddy being a pastor's wife. And uh I've not got to speak to her yet today because they leave the house very early and uh they don't text and cell phone sketchy in the mountains. But we're glad that you're here. all of the mothers and glad to be gathered here together with you. I am so very grateful for what the Lord is doing. Um this afternoon we're going to gather un under the uh tabernacle in the fellowship hall that the Lord has provided for us. We know that some already had other plans, but those that could, we're going to bring our lunch together. and and uh I'm I'm only saying that because there is a a new addition in the fellowship hall. Someone came to me who is already raised their children and they wanted to help to make it easier for the mothers and wanted to buy changing tables for the bathrooms. So those are installed uh not only in the ladies bathroom but also in the men's bathroom. So, uh, one in each and the Lord was gracious, uh, just a personal testimony, uh, because it takes it takes something strong to hold one of those things. And, uh, when when you don't have a lot of wood behind the sheetrock to work with, you pray that you have a a 2x4, a stud in the right place. And the Lord was gracious in both bathrooms that I had at least one stud to attach to uh within 3/4 of an inch in the one bathroom and one inch uh in the other one from being centered where I wanted to put them. And I was so grateful to the Lord for that small blessing so that they're good and strong and we don't have to worry about them being pulled off the wall. Amen. But don't change your teenager. I don't know whether it's written on them or not, but the the paperwork says 50B weight limit. Okay. 50 lbs. Yeah. All right. Well, we want to receive the tithe and offering today. Uh while uh Brother Joshua and Brother Jonathan are getting ready, they're going to sing and we're going to worship with them today. And we want to receive the tithe and offering. Uh, brother Ellias, will you come? And Ian, you're right there. We'll just let these brothers come to you for the tithe and offering. We're going to give as giving unto the Lord because he's the one that gave it to us in the first place. [Music] I approach the throne of [Music] glory. Nothing in my hands I bring. Oh yeah. But the promise of acceptance from a good and gracious [Music] king. I will give to you my burdens as you give to me your strength. Come and fill me with your spirit as I sing to you this praise. You deserve the greater glory. Overcome. I lift my [Music] voice to a king in need of [Music] nothing. Emptyhanded, I rejoice. You deserve the greater gloryy. Overcome with joy I see. By your love I am accepted. Your good and gracious. Oh, what grace that you would see as a child and as your friend. Safe, secure in you forever. I pour out my praise again. You deserve the greater glory. Overcome I lift my voice to a king in need of [Music] nothing. Empty handed I rejoice. You deserve the greater [Music] gloryy. Overcome with joy I see. By your love I am accepted. You're a good and gracious king. [Music] Holy, holy Lord all mighty, good and gracious, good and gracious, holy, holy, Lord Almighty, good and gracious [Music] [Applause] Holy, holy, Lord Almighty, good and gracious, good and gracious, holy, holy, Lord Almighty, good and gracious, good and gracious, holy, holy, Lord Almighty, good and gracious, holy, holy, Lord Almighty, good and gracious good and praise. Holy, holy, Lord Almighty, good and gracious king. You deserve the greater gloryy. Overcome, I lift my voice. To a king in need of [Music] nothing, I [Music] rejoice. You deserve the greater glory. Overcome with joy, I sing. By your love I am accepted. [Music] You're a good and gracious king. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Is he good and gracious to you? Oh, he is. He is so good to us. As we're turning our hearts toward the word today, would you sing what a lovely name, the name of Jesus. [Music] What a lovely name. The name of Jesus, reaching higher far than the brightest star, sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim what a lovely name. There's a name above all others wonderful to hear bringing hope and cheer. [Music] It's the lovely name Jesus. Let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. What a lovely name. The name Jesus. Reaching higher, far than the brightest star, sweeter than the songs sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. [Music] Soon he'll come in clouds gloryy. Saints of every race shall behold his face. With him enter heaven city ever to acclaim. What a lovely name. Oh, what what a lovely name. The name of Jesus is reaching higher far than the brightest star. He's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim what a lovely name. Sing it again. Soon he'll return. Soon he'll come in clouds of glory. I believe it. Saints of every race shall behold his face. with him. Enter heaven city ever to acclaim. What a lovely name. Sing it out. Oh, what what a lovely name. In the name of Jesus, reaching higher far than the brightest star, sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. Why don't you tell him, "Oh, you're beautiful. You're beautiful, Jesus. Your name is worthy to be praised." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are the one true living God among all the gods. The things the idols of stone and metal and uh jobs and family and houses and lands among all the things that are worshiped in 2025. You are the only one true living God. You are worthy to be praised. We give you glory and honor. Hallelujah. One more hand clap for the king. Would you bless his [Applause] name? Bless his [Applause] name. Glory. Would you mind to give God praise for the musicians and the camera folk and the sound and the projector and all the behind the scenes. Isn't the Lord good? Amen. Uh I had a bunch of children run to the car to greet me this morning when I got out got here. I sure did appreciate it. And I told them, I said, "Well, it's happy pap day." And they just giggled, but it's nothing to do with me today. Uh, except I had a mother or I wouldn't be here. And I know that some people get a little funny. They'll celebrate a pagan holiday and give it call it belonging to Jesus, but uh, they wouldn't think of celebrating Mother's Day. Well, brother Brandham must have thought that Mother's Day was appropriate because he said we should have it 365 days of the year. I didn't hear too many women amen. And I thought every sister would say amen. And he said not that old commercial stuff buying this and but he said loving her. And he said why don't you I might read it but he said why don't you go sit with her? Why don't you go sit with her and and and love her and listen to her? You know, that's that is right. Thank you for being here today. Thank you for coming to honor the Lord Jesus Christ above all. And thank thank you so much. I'm not going to call names because it's no there's no reason to. Everyone is at home. We're glad you're here and we've been waiting on you to get here and to be here, but I think it is outstanding that you have come to honor your mom, your your wife who is a mom to your children. I think it's just good that we're gathered here today in in the name of the Lord. And you can say amen now. Glad to have the travelers home with us for the weekend. Very thankful to see the Millers here. be seated just for two minutes. Um, Brother David Templeton, who is the pastor of the church up in the valley, I don't have the name of it in front of me, but uh, some of you have been there. And um, they they didn't mention it to us directly, but uh, we are we know and we're invited. And uh next Saturday night at 6:00, brother Oh, I'm sorry. I don't know what time. It just dawned on me. Jonathan said he would let us know, but uh I'd say 6 or 7 somewhere in there. And uh but we'll let you know for sure on Tuesday night. They're having Brother Tim Cross from North Carolina, Brother Gerald Hugh's son-in-law. And uh he's a wonderful musician. his wife is a lovely singer and he's a good preacher and I know you would be blessed if you were able to go and and support that meeting. Uh they're wonderful people. Brother David is a wonderful man of God and we appreciate their friendship. Amen. Amen. This Wednesday, May the 14th, in 1948, the declaration was signed that Israel would once again become a nation or in technical terms would become an independent state. And just a few hours later, five Arab nations uh pulled out the stops and said, "Oh, no, not so fast. We'll just try to annihilate you and then you won't have anybody to inhabit to live on the land." But God. Somebody say, "But God." God used a rag tag group of volunteer soldiers, including a few who left the United States to go home and fight in that war. And um they used uh simple uh technology as simple weaponry included dropping motto cocktails out of low-flying planes. And by the grace of God, they they stopped the the attack of these uh Arab armies and they stopped a fleet of of the top tanks made in the world at that time. God did it. And uh so we celebrate May 14th. There are other days that are mentioned and other days that commemorate various steps along the way, but Sister Martha Miller shares a birthday. She's not as old as the modern state of Israel by any means. I won't say anything about Brother Truman, but Sister Martha is not and her birthday is also on Wednesday. So, can we say happy birthday to Sister Martha Miller? Thursday of the same week is is uh Casey Hannah's birthday and we don't see her as much as we used to. She's very involved in her church and we're very thankful that she has a place uh to be a part of and that uh that sister Pam is going with her and and they worship together. But we love her. She's part of us and we uh send birthday greetings to her. And also Samantha May, who's not here this morning, has a birthday that day as well. If I've missed anyone, I'm very sorry. Uh sometimes I think I'll just get away from it all together. But uh it's nice that we could at least remember that person in extra prayer because if you're like me, you need it every day, not just on special days. And so we we do that uh to believe that God will undergard them and strengthen them. Uh I want to ask to identify the oldest mother real quick. What we're going to do this morning is uh we're going to honor a few of the mothers uh who fit a few special categories and then at the end of the service they can can take a hanging basket home with them. And then at the end of the service when we call all the mothers up to gather around them and pray for them that they will stick around and not forsake us in the coming year. But they'll continue to be our mothers and help us even when we don't appreciate them enough uh when they go to their seats. We want them to take one of these gift bags with them. It was done in love and it's always done in memory of my grandmother who very much believed that it was the least that could be done was to say thank you to your mother. Of course, she had a mother that raised 15 children and uh worked very hard until the doctor said her backbone was worn in two and one wrong move would paralyze her for the rest of her life. So she hobbled around, but it didn't deter her from shouting. When the spirit of the Lord would come, she would dance her her long braid down. She many, many times she would just give God glory anyhow and walk out straighter than what she did when she came in. That's the goodness of God. So, I do that in honor, not to be commercial, but uh thank you Amazon for helping us, you know, and um I wanted to do it always in honor of of her. Uh so, I want to get right to the word is what I'm getting to. But before we do that, uh Sister Williams, are you willing to tell us your current age? Is there a mother here uh older than 88? I didn't think so. We're very, very happy. Very happy. I hope we get to celebrate her for many, many more years. 88 years old. Can we all say happy Mother's Day to Sister William, Sister [Music] [Applause] Isabelle? Most of us in this room, she's been a mama to us for many, many years. I never made a trip. But what she packed my shirts and in every pocket of every shirt was a poem or a scripture or a word of encouragement. She sent me to the nations that way. I had quick turnarounds sometime in those early days. And she's even driven to Atlanta, picked up my dirty clothes, brought them home, washed them, laundered them all night long, met me at the airport the next morning so I could go again. So, we are not all her biological children, but we've all been her children. Uh Cindy sitting right there, that's one of her children right there. And we appreciate uh God's goodness to us today. The youngest mother that used to be Megan until she started getting old. Luke or Sister Pam, how old is Megan? 29. Jenna, I think you're younger than that, aren't you? Still, how old are you? 26. Are there any mothers here younger than 26? You're 26 or younger. All right. Well, Jenna, we want to say happy Mother's Day to you. You take a We are particularly happy to hear about the changing uh tables in the men's restrooms for for Benjamin. We we ought to I don't know who paid for him, but we ought to put his name on it and just dedicate it to him because that's his favorite thing favorite job in the whole wide world. I don't think it's anybody's favorite job, but it's part of the package. Amen. Uh Sister um Teresa, until someone beats you, there may be folks working on your record. I don't know for sure. It feels that way. You may. Well, if we go much lower, we're going to get into uh probably ties and tie breakers and things like that, which which might cause us to be embarrassed. Uh don't you have quite a few of your biological children here? Well, now that gets a little technical. So, you want to pass it to Sister Jada this year? Is that Let's Let's Let's do that this year. And if we have one left over at the end, we'll we'll make sure you get it. Sister Resa, let's uh say happy Mother's Day to both of them. six and seven here [Applause] present. We do usually say that because you can you you know you might have as many children as the old woman in the shoe but but but we want them here. We can preach to them. Amen. All right. And then uh to the one who's had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is I'm telling you this is the most important part of it. Not how old or how young or how many children you have but but uh to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost completes the new birth. So so this is how old you are. We'll just claim that that uh who has had the baptism of the Holy Ghost 50 plus years over 50 years. Sister Beverly, anybody else? Sister Beverly, happy Mother's Day. Make sure you have a someone help her with a hanging [Applause] basket. Do you know how many years? 55 years. She's 55 years old in the Lord. Amen. Let's believe that God will strengthen her. Uh that she would have some healthy and stronger days ahead. God is good. He's faithful in all of his ways. Let's stand. I'm anxious. I don't usually get anxious, but I'm anxious to preach a little. Proverbs chapter 31. I'm going to read uh a few verses in the Amplified this morning because it's it's not my my sermon uh so much, but I wanted to read the beauty of it. These are marvelous words. And um I I won. I I won. I uh I really truly believe that God gave me the best wife. And I believe that she has been the best mother to our children. And I'm honest when I read this, when I hear it used to describe other people, I think, well, that's very nice of them to say so. But I know the truth and uh I believe that God has given me this this woman. But may there be tens of thousands of women who will live up to this. This is a high standard, a capable, intelligent and virtuous woman. Who is he who can find her? How many of you say I can? I can. She is far more precious than jewels. And her value is far above rubies or pearls. Those things would almost demean her because her value is so much higher than a diamond ring or a pearl around her neck. The heart of her husband th this is so powerful. The heart of her husband trusts in her confidently and relies on and believes in her securely so that he has no lack of honest gain or need of dishonest spoil. I think trust is one of the most important parts of a relationship. And if a husband can fully trust a wife to have his best interest at heart and the best interest of his children at heart, he's a rich, rich, rich man. She comforts, encourages, and does him only good as long as there is life within her. Now, every woman doesn't meet that standard. Amen. So many in this society are out for themselves. But that's not the kind of woman Solomon is describing. Now, verse 28 through 30, her children rise up. I had it here in the amplified, but I forgot to tell you it was. and call her blessed, happy, fortunate, and to be envied. And her husband boasts of and praises her, saying, "Many daughters have done virtuously, nobly, and well, with the strength of character that is steadfast in goodness, but you excel them all. Charm and grace are deceptive and beauty is vain because it is not lasting. It's true. But a woman who reverently and worshipfully fears the Lord, huh? A woman who reverently and worshipfully fears the Lord, she shall be praised. Somebody said we're not supposed to praise people. Not in the same manner that we would praise the Lord. But yes, we absolutely are. Not flattery, but sincere, kind words to lift them up instead of putting them down. May the saints say, "Amen." Father, we need you. I need him today. Do you need him to help us? Come and do that, Lord. You may be seated. Uh, I'm going to just read this from the from the onset in the message. The invasion of the United States. There has been a lot of talk this week and I'm not adding to it because I have some questions before the Lord. And before I know this, God is faithful and true. He keeps his word. He never lies. What he says he's going to do, he does. But I know that when we try to figure it out, when we try to interpret it, when we try to say it's this or that or the other, uh sometimes we can make a big old mess. Brother Brandham told us that God would uh interpret his word by by bringing it to pass. And so considering the fact that we have an American pope for the first time in the history of the Catholic Church, I would definitely say that we are one step closer to the to the going away of this little bride. I would definitely say that uh we have both glorious days and terrifying days ahead because that's not all. You know why we are rejoicing over part of the prophecy? We are missing the rest of it because he tells us that in that federation of churches, there will be an image that will come forth of the beast and there will be a persecution that will come to all churches who who refuse to acknowledge their mother. And we're not seeing that. And when we see that when we see that squeeze that brings forth the understanding of the thunders, then we will know. We will know. We will know. We will know that we can just close our eyes and say, "Lord, we're ready. We're ready." Because we will be even that much closer to the coming of the Lord. The world council of churches today is not much of anything but overnight it could be a great threat. It is not even today what it was in the 50s and 60s. Uh our persecution is coming from other sources these days. So I want to acknowledge that something that I didn't see happening did not see happening yet has happened. I know how the Catholic Church feels about the United States and it's not highly and uh our the the the new pope has already done everything that he could to distance himself from the United States and will continue to do that. He spoke in other languages that he has learned refused to say one word of English and uh believe me he will move further away and distance himself even further from the United States. He is and will be the most liberal leader the church has ever seen. And he was placed and positioned and prepared and they knew who it would be before there was any smoke out the chimney. That I can tell you. So we will talk about that another time. But from a message that was quite prophetic, the invasion in paragraph 253, brother Brandham said, "This was on Mother's Day. I certainly sympathize with you poor mothers sitting here with your white roses on. There's a heaven that a mother has gone to today where a good oldfashioned mother that lived for God probably has passed beyond the veil. She is waiting for you, Jason. She is waiting for you to come. That's right. I thought of Jason when I read that because his mother did not serve the Lord throughout her life. But when she made up her mind to do it, she did it. She did it. And the Lord took her not too long after that. He's got somebody waiting for him. Many of us do. He said, "And I respect and honor you there with your red roses on." Remember that was the tradition and has been for years. A woman would wear a white rose or ribbon for a a mother that had passed and a red to signify that her mother was still alive. Your mother, if you want to do anything for her, do it 365 days a year. Go to her house, offer prayer, live for God. You know, I think there are mothers even in this house that would say, "Keep your flower. Come on. Serve the Lord with me. Come to church with me. Let's worship the Lord. Let's stand on the truth." This is the greatest honor that we can give the woman that God chose to bring us to this earth. Go to her house, offer prayer, live for God. That's the thing to do. He goes on, "And bring up your children. And when your children come up, they'll call you blessed after you've passed on beyond the veil. That's the real spirit of motherhood. The real spirit of Mother's Day. Mother's Day is 365 days a year. He said, "This is the day they sell flowers and pass presents. The world does. If it passes, if the world should stand another 20 years, watch. If you want to talk about a prophecy fulfilled, here's one. He said they'll have son's day and daughter's day and cousins day, uncle's day, and I could go puppy day, donut day, pizza day. Come on. He said all them things just enough to get the world in a commercial glamour. He said that's just where it's going. Right into hell. Because it is sort of a sham. You've got to make sure that you are truly remembering mother more than just one day. He said, "But you, God bless you, is my prayer." I want to read one more and we'll move on. Chicago, Illinois, in a message, Elisha the prophet, he said, "Just keep drilling that into their minds, drilling it constantly. That's what you do to your children, mother. Quit running around over the city and gathering about. give your children Bible lectures and things. That's the thing to do. He doesn't mean lecture them like, you know, wag your finger at them. He means set them on your knee and tell them of the exploits of the living God. Tell them there's only one way to have eternal life, and that's to be born again, bloodbought, sanctified by the washing of the water of the word, filled with the Holy Ghost. Get out of the world. Quit looking like a hoochie. quit living like the devil and serve God so that you can go out of here in a blaze of glory instead of a blaze of judgment. He said in these here societies and post although it's in the church a church is societed up till there's no time to raise the children. I believe you've heard my expression of women preachers. Now I might have to crawl back on that but let me tell you every mother Amen. Every mother is a smile, honey. Smile, Stacy Ryan. Every mother is a preacher. Just ask her kids. Sure. And God gives her a little congregation at home to preach to. So now just keep it going. That's good. You get it first. So then go right with your children. You get full of God first and then you set them down and drill it. He said, "Drill it and drill it and drill it into their minds." You say, "Well, I don't want to do that. I don't want to influence their decisions. I want to be woke and I want to let them make their own choices." Well, they're not making their own choices when they sit down in front of the world. They don't make their own choices if they get under the influence of the public school system. So, you might as well be the most important influence for the things that are right. And here's some, this is what I want to read. Some of you will remember this. Some time ago, I was reading an article where there was a home and five boys born into that home. And as soon as the oldest one got old enough to go to the Navy, off to the Navy he went. The second one followed the next one until all the whole five went away to the Navy. No Marines or Navy men in their family. The mother and father couldn't understand just why these boys, everyone wanted to go away to the Navy. There was a real fine combing investigation made of this. And come to find out in the bedroom where these boys all was brought up in this bedroom, there's a beautiful big picture hanging there of a big ship sailing on a quiet calm sea. And it so impressed the boys as they went to bed every night. Oh. Looking at this picture, I mean, this gets me. Yes, sir. It was on their mind to sail that quiet, soothing sea. And on the morning when they arose, the first thing they look at was that ship making her way through the quiet, calm sea. And it impressed the boys so that each one become a sailor. Now, if the picture of a ship will impress boys to become navy men, sailors of the sea, let me tell you something. Those navy men found out that the sea is rarely calm. The life that they chose wasn't a a life on a calm sea, right? But what ought the picture of the Lord Jesus Christ do? Always have the right thing. Always have the right thing. Always have the right thing. Always have the right thing before your children. Bring up a child in the way that it should go. See, bring it up and teach it right. It'll serve. Won't depart from it. Praise God. I like it. I like it. I don't want my boys to go off and sail the Navy. I want their influence to be in another direction. Someone said that's not our respon. It is our responsibility to point them in the right direction because how they see us treating Jesus. How they see us treating Jesus is how they're going to start out to treat him. If it's with disregard and disdain and uh uh just, you know, when I'm done with everything else, if there's any more time, I'll give that to the Lord. then that's the example they'll follow. We're blessed in this church to have both women and men, mamas and daddies who realize that it is our responsibility to set before our children something more than an influence to the Navy or to politics. Amen. You may have you may have gathered your children around and asked them if they wanted to be the president of the United States. I guarantee you I never ask any of mine that. I don't know why anybody would want that kind of a job. Amen. That wouldn't be the influence. That wouldn't be the direction I would want to point my children in. Come on. Come on. I want you to look with me to Second Kings chapter 4. And I'm going to preach now. I want to call this this morning the ministry of the last drop. When I was a boy, um, everybody in my family, my life had a television and television was different. I'm not that old, but television was different then. I was seeing reruns. I saw the reruns of Lucy, not not current ones, rerun. I saw reruns of many shows, Andy Griffith, Walton's, things like that. I didn't see, you know, they weren't still making some of those programs. I said again, I'm not that old. I was waiting on your amen. I'm not that old, but I remember commercials. Oddly enough, I remember commercials when I was a child and there was a there was a woman who uh was sometimes on the Waltons and she also played in the Wizard of Oz and she was a spokesperson for a coffee company. And she would take her coffee cup and she would turn it up and she would say this. You know it, don't you? What I'm going to say? Ah, it's good to the last drop. Well, my granddaddy adopted that, but he didn't say drop. He said drop. And he would go around the house every morning before he go to work. You could hear him. It's good to the last drop. It's good to the last drop. And I want to preach this morning on the ministry of the last drop. When mothers pour from empty, the ministry of the last drop. When mothers pour from empty. Second Kings chapter 4. We got to hurry now. There cried a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets unto Elisha, saying, Thy servant, my husband, is dead, and thou knowest that thy servant did fear the Lord, and the creditor is come to take unto him my two sons to be bond men." This was a type of indentured slavery. How many of you understand what I'm saying? It wasn't their debt. It was their father's debt. But because the debt could not be met, these young men would be taken into indentured slavery and they would serve not until the debt was paid. That would be our logical thought. But the law required more. They would serve until the year of Jubilee. That might be three years. It might be 49 years. They would not be released according to the instructions of the law until the year of Jubilee. We're not looking at a Greek book. We're looking at a book with a Hebrew mindset. And these young men would be away from their family and they wouldn't have families. they would be brought up somewhere else working out the debt. And so what did she do? She cried after Elisha, who was a servant unto Elijah, who was promised a double portion of his anointing. Amen. And Elisha said unto her, "What shall I do for thee? Tell me, what hast thou in thy house?" And she said, "Thine handmmaid hath not anything in the house, save a pot of oil." Then he said, "Go borrow thee vessels abroad of all thy neighbors, even empty vessels. Borrow not a few." What kind of instructions is this prophetic man giving this woman in such a pitiful place? And when thou art come in, thou shalt shut the door upon thee, and upon thy sons, and shall pour out into all those vessels, and thou shalt set aside that which is full. Are you following the story? So she went from him, shut the door upon her, and upon her sons who brought the vessels to her. And I want you to listen to this phrase and let it get deep down into the recesses of your heart. And she poured out. I want you to see her. She poured out. This was not a job that she could give to anyone else. Her sons could bring the empty vessels, but they couldn't pour the oil. The prophet could tell her what to do, but he wasn't to pour the oil. Her husband was dead, and he would be of no service to her. In fact, he's the one who left the debt. And before you call him a skunk, you'll need to know who he was because he wasn't a skunk at all. In fact, he was one of those 7,000 men, or is it 700 that would never bow a knee to Baal? He was a righteous man and an upfront man who loved the word and loved the truth. There was no hatred in her heart toward him. There was no bitterness in her heart toward him. She was just going to suffer the consequences that had been given to her. It's an interesting story. I want you to remember. And she poured out. I used this text some years ago and the Lord, I mean, he placed me here again, gave me some extra understanding and I want to move forward with it. And it came to pass when the vessels were full that she said unto her son, "Bring me yet a vessel." And he said unto her, "There is not a vessel more." Read the next line. And the oil stayed. And she poured out. And the oil stayed. When did the oil dry up? when the last empty vessel that had been borrowed had been filled. You've got to understand that she didn't have an endless supply. She had a limited supply. And all she could do with that limited supply was to do what the prophet instructed her to do, pour out. She must have marveled in her mind every time she filled a vessel 10 times, 20 times larger than the vessel she was pouring from. The last drop, the ministry of the last drop. When mothers pour from empty, when their tank is empty, when their supply is limited, the real heart of motherhood kicks in and they take from the little supply that they have and they pour out and they pour out and they pour out and they pour out because reality is nobody can pour out in a home like a mother hand. That's right. Now, get behind me and say, "Amen." Say it loud enough for your wife to hear. Say it loud enough for your mother to hear. Where would we be? Where would we be? Where would some of us, most of us be had there not been a mother pouring out? She might not have been a godly mother, but she was pouring out of her limited supply. What she had to give, she gave. It might have been life. That may have been the only thing that she was capable of giving you, but where would you be? Come on. Nowhere. You'd be nowhere had she not given you life. Amen. I know a man some of you related to, dear man, who sat in my office shaking like a leaf, telling me his life story, telling me the story of a mother who was so wrecked, whose nerves were so bad, who was under such mental oppression that she shook constantly like a leaf. And he would see her halfway across the floor with a skillet in one hand. So nervous, so broken down, so distraught in the midst of a constant nervous breakdown until she would have to stop in the middle of the floor and consciously bring her body into a into a place of of less shaking so that she could even walk across the floor and and fry a meal for for but she gave him life. That's right. She might not have been able to give him all the love he needed and all the direction he needed and and and all the teaching he needed, but she poured out from her limited supply. I want to say to every mother in this house and beyond, when you feel like you've given everything you have, when you feel like your tank is empty and you have absolutely nothing to give, don't you stop pouring because there's a God who's on board with you. There's a God in your life who'll meet you at the place of your dedication. Here I am, Lord. You know, my nerves are frazzled. You know, my husband has put too much of this load on me. Let me tell you something. They You might be limited on what you can say to him, but you're not limited what you can say to the Lord. Tell the Lord on him. Come on. Somebody said, "I don't go along with that." You ought to tell the Lord everything just how you feel. I learned a long time ago. He understand. He may not agree with me. But he understands how I feel. He understands how I feel. Keep pouring, mama. Keep pouring. You may look down and it may look like there's not even a drop sliding off the end of the vessel into one of your children, but God is there to fan the flame. God is there to multiply the oil. God is there to bless your effort. Do what you can until he comes with something else. Keep pouring. Are you hearing me sir? Keep pouring. She poured out. And it came to pass. The oil stayed. And then she came and told the man of God. And he said, "Go sell the oil and pay thy debt and live thou and thy children of the rest." I want you to notice he didn't say, "Keep you a little pot so that you'll be able to fry the bread in." We understand later why. He said, "Just sell it all and use the money, pay off the debt, and then live." You hear that? There was enough. There was enough oil supplied supernaturally. You don't really believe this, do you? Surely this was metaphoric. Surely this wasn't re, it was real. I want you to know I believe it was real. I know missionaries that saw God do it in India for a little woman. Uh like another story we read in Kings about a woman who used the last little handful of meal and a little bit of oil and God multiplied that. I know missionaries who stood in the house and ate the bread that was being baked by a woman who had that same miracle taking place in her life. Nobody adding any meal to the barrel. Nobody putting any more oil in the cruise. It never was full. The barrel was never full. The cruise of oil was never full. Mamas, you may never feel full. You may never feel like you've got enough to give. But you've got more than you understand. [Music] Because there's somebody else living in your shoe leather. There's somebody else living on the inside of you. He'll meet you at your commitment. He'll meet you at your dedication. You lay those little babies up on the Lord's lap and say, "I can only do so much. I need your help with the rest." I want you to know he'll come swooping in faster than a Superman. He'll give you what you need if you let him. If you'll make King Jesus your first resource instead of your last resort, you'll keep pouring and pouring and pouring. And one of these days, those children who seemingly don't appreciate you enough now will come around and praise you and bless you because you poured into them when you felt like you had nothing to give. Just because you you do what you what you think is right doesn't mean you feel valued at doing it. But I want you to know there's a God looking over your shoulder who loves you, who sees your sacrifice. I don't expect any of us men to really understand this. We are parenthetically from another planet. We don't have the same wiring in our brain that a woman has. Amen. We don't look at things the same way. We don't express things the same way. We don't look at life the same way. And though you may have some estrogen in you, brother, you have not yet come to understand, nor I, what a woman goes through, not just in motherhood, but every month of her life and sometimes way beyond the flower of her years, there are rushes of chemicals and hormones that rush through her body that leave her a wreck that leave her uh emotionally uh seemingly unstable. Even at times she's holding on to try to try to get through. Somebody said, "I don't understand that." No, you don't understand that because you weren't made like that. God knew exactly what it was going to take for a woman to be strong enough to stand against resistance from her children. and yet be tender enough to look in their eye when they're a teenager and they say everything's all right. And a mama so built, so wired, so chemically constructed that she looks with spiritual eyes right into the eyes of a boy or a girl saying, "Everything's all right. Nothing's wrong." And she has the ability to know when they're smiling, when they're laughing, when they're joking, that it's overkill, and that there's really something desperately wrong inside. Mama knows. Mama often knows when she's being lied to. Deceived, fooled. Why didn't she say anything? Sometimes she does, sometimes she doesn't. Sometimes she doesn't because she hopes that it's not true. She wishes that it were not so. She prays that she's wrong, but she's wired in such and such a way. Especially, we're talking about the redeemed motherhood. We're talking about a godly mother. We're talking about a Holy Ghost mother. But we're also acknowledging that even physically, she is created a bit different than the man. And you're going to be glad of that one of these days if you're not already. Do you understand? Her husband is dead. Creditors are knocking at the door threatening to take her sons off like a bunch of captured animals. Mothers today, even Christian mothers, even New Hope mothers have financial concerns. Those should not be the burden of a mother. Oh, let me just take a little water here. Mother shouldn't have to worry about where she's going to lay her head, where she's going to feed her children, and what she's going to feed them. But if you know women like I do, they take it on. They can't help themselves. They're emotionally attached. They're 100% vested into this thing. And they not only carry the burdens that a wife and a mother are created and chosen to carry, but they sometimes carry burdens that we as men, as husbands, as fathers don't shoulder enough of the load. There are times that we don't. Is there any brother going to get in here and say amen with me? There are times we're distracted, we're tired, we're we're this, we're that, we're the other. You, you know, you could have preached this message 25 years ago, you wouldn't have to mention phones. Now, it's not just a football game. It's it's it's holding it in your hand. It's I got to catch up and you you know, I'm not going very far. And so a woman has to sometimes get under some of that load that she was not created, not wired, and not chosen to carry. That's our responsibility. I'm not talking about situations where you have agreements and and and someone's waiting on a job. I Please don't let your mind go there. You've got to supply what you can supply when you can supply it. I'm not trying to generalize everything, but I'm trying to tell you that a mother today, she's got those uh stretched resources. Sometimes she doesn't even know how much she has. She's not allowed close enough to the balance to even know how much she has to spend at the grocery store. I've had men sit in my office and say, "I give my wife an allowance." Well, she's not your paper boy. She's not your yard man. Why don't you put her name on the account? Amen. Why don't you man up just a little bit? so that she can be renewed, recharged, so that she can get out from under, wiggle out from under some of that burden, some of that responsibility. She's already going to carry her own. She shouldn't have to carry any of ours. She's feeling in insufficient. She's feeling inadequate. She's feeling like she's failing those that she loves the most. It's not all the time. It's not every year. It's not every month, but there are these seasons and cycles of feeling like that everything you do is not enough. And you're not just blaming other people. You're blaming yourself. You realize that you just don't always have the answer. If you did, you wouldn't need a savior. If you did, you wouldn't need a counselor. You wouldn't need the Holy Ghost. You're not always going to have the answer. And even when mothers feel they're most of the time a failure, they feel unappreciated, undervalued, and taken for granted. Amen. When a mother's taking care of her children, she's doing what a mother ought to do. When a daddy's taking care of his children, he's babysitting. No, that's not the way it works. This mom felt like she had nothing left to give. She even felt like it was her fault that she owed this debt that she inherited from her husband. and she realized that she was about to lose the next most precious things that she had ever had in her life, her two sons. They were going to go serve somewhere. She didn't know where they would end up. She didn't know how long it would be before she would see them again. And she wondered if she would ever see them again. As a last resort, she cried out to the prophet, "Help me. Help me. I need some help. I've spoken in depth to this church through the years about the Targums. Targums are pieces of literature that are written in Aramaic. It's an important language because it is the common language of the first century or what we call the second temple period. In the times of Jesus, every person, every common man would have not been communicating perhaps anymore in in Hebrew or what is sometimes referred to as high Hebrew because the Greek culture had so invaded. The language was suffering. It was not being taught like it had once been taught. And there was a language that was acceptable. It was Aramaic. It was between the Hebrew, it was between the Greek, it had pieces of this language and this language. Uh, if you wanted to compare it to something, it's almost like a dialect of of Yiddish, which is a little Hebrew, a little German, a little this, a little of that. Or maybe Pennsylvania Dutch, which is a little German, a little of this, a little of that. A little salt, a little pepper, a little paprika, a little Tabasco sauce, whatever. God in his in his greatness has uh preserved some writings from the time of first century second temple period that help us to understand how the scriptures were being looked at in the time of Jesus. I'm not going much further into this, but I wanted you to understand that there is some powerful lessons that can be learned by occasionally looking at the Tarums. And I have done that now for many years since spending so much time in Israel. One of the Tarums is called the Targum of Jonathan or we would say Jonathan's Tarum. And it's so interesting how often it runs with such parallel to the historian Josephus who writes amazing details of life at the time of the second temple period. I said all of that to to say this. Targum Jonathan and the writings of Josephus, the antiquities of the Jews, some of you have read some of it. They both identify the woman, the widow woman as the widow of the prophet Obadiah who secretly hid and provided food for 100 prophets to protect them from Jezebel, which Josephus postulates was the source of these debts. I find that kind of interesting, don't you? In First Kings chapter 18, let's hurry. Verse one. And it came to pass after many days that the word of the Lord came to Elijah in the third year, saying, Go show thyself unto Ahab, and I will send rain upon the earth. Elijah went to show himself unto Ahab. And there was a sore famine in Samaria. And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the governor of his house. He was the manager of his estate. He was considered the prime minister over the business of King Ahab. He was the equivalent of Joseph to Pharaoh. He was the rightand man. Obadiah was prophetic. He studied with the prophets. He was prophetic. He had the burden of the Lord upon him. And God, hallelujah, had strategically placed him in the palace of Ahab. And if you know anything about Ahab, he had a lot to deal with. And he was rather a marshmallow. He needed a backbone. And God gave Oadiah the backbone. And so it said, Ahab called Oadiah, which was the governor of his house. Now Oadiah feared the Lord greatly. He wasn't a skunk. He wasn't a dead beatat. He wasn't somebody who wasted his money, went off and died, and left a debt with his wife. He was a noble man. For it was so when Jezebel cut off the prophets of the Lord. When she cut them off, she cut them off. He doesn't mean she cut off communication with them. He means she had their heads cut off and hid them. This is what Oadiah did. Obadiah took a hundred of these prophets and hid them by 50 in a cave and fed them of his own expense with bread and water. We don't know how long that went on, but it went on for a mount of time. And Ahab said unto Obadiah, "Go into the land unto all fountains of water and unto all brooks per adventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive that we lose not all the beasts." So they divided the land between them to pass through it. Ahab went one way by himself. Obadiah went another way by himself. And as Obadiah was in the way, behold, Elijah met him. And he knew him, fell on his face, and said, "Art thou that my Lord Elijah? Are you my Lord Elijah?" And he answered him, "I am. Go tell thy Lord. Behold, Elijah's here." Go tell Ahab. Right. How would you like to be the one who goes to tell the mambby pami weakened king that that prophet that you don't like very much is on his way to your house and he said what if I sin this is Oadiah what if I sin that thou wouldest deliver thy servant into the hand of Ahab he's liable to kill me if I go and tell him you're standing at his door I want you to understand the seriousness of this situation and he said what have I seen All right, let's go on. And the Lord thy God liveth. As the Lord thy God liveth, there's no nations or kingdoms whether my Lord hath not sent to seek thee. And when they said, he's not here, he took an oath of the kingdom and nation, and they found thee not conveniently. And now thou sayest, go tell thy Lord, behold Elijah's here. When he wanted you, you were not to be found. Now he's changed his mind, and here you show up. Paraphrase for you. And it shall come to pass as soon as I'm gone from thee that the spirit of the Lord shall carry thee whetherither I know not. And so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find thee, he shall slay me. But I, thy servant, fear the Lord from thy youth. Was it not told my lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of the Lord? How I hid a hundred men of the Lord's prophets by 50 in a cave and fed them with bread and water? So this is our understanding of who the widow woman was. She was most likely the widow of Oadiah. Here's what Joseph said in the antiquities of the Jews. I'm hurrying. For they say that the widow of Oadiah, Ahab's steward, came to him and said that he was not ignorant how her husband had preserved the prophets that were to be slain by Jezebel, the wife of Ahab. Therefore, she said that he hid a hundred of them and had borrowed money for their maintenance and that after her husband's death, she and her children were carried away to be made slaves by the creditors. And she desired of him to have mercy upon her on account of what her husband did and afford her some assistance. Somebody ought to say, "But God." But God. And when he asked her what she had in the house, she said nothing but a very small quantity of oil in a cruise. So the prophet bid her go away and borrow great many vessels of her neighbors. And when she had shut her chamber door to pour oil into them, for that God would fill them full. And when the woman had done what she was commanded to do and b her children, bring every one of the vessels, all were filled. And look at what it says. and not one the ministry of the last drop. I'm telling you that if you will stay full of him, if you will recommmit and reconsecrate, sister, your life, your motherhood, your service to your family, if you'll just keep saying, "Lord, I'm running low. I need some more oil. I need some more meal. I need some more strength to continue to do what you've called me to do. He'll meet you. He'll meet you at your point of need. Let the weak say, I hope I am able. I hope I can do it. I sure hope it works out that I can. Mm- No, no, no, no, no. That won't do it. Let the weak say, I am. I'm going to be able. I am strong. I'm going to do what I've purposed in my heart because he is strong in me. Our vocabulary dictates, yes, a lot of circumstances in our lives. Do you believe that? Snared by the words of our mouth, we are, the scripture said. I want to go on. not one left empty. She came to the prophet, told him they were all full, upon which he advised her to go away, sell the oil, pay the creditors, what was owing them, for that there would be some surplus of the price of the oil, which she might make use of for the maintenance of her children. And thus did Elisha discharge the woman's debt, and free her from the vexation of her creditors. This is recorded as a perpetual memorial, not only in the scripture, but details even provided in historical references that I just read to let you know that God was not just looking out for Oadiah's widow. He was looking out for Oadiah. He didn't want his godly reputation ruined. God was looking out. I want you to put yourselves in the shoes of a widowed mother for just a second. Your husband just died. That's usually about the time we say, "God forbid." Your husband has just died and you're left with a substantial amount of debt to pay off. In hopes to raise enough money to pay off the debt, you liquidate all your belongings and you still don't have enough money to pay off the debts. On top of all of these circumstances, the bill collector needs the rest of the amount by the first of the month, or your two sons will be stripped away from you and sold into slavery. You can't fathom the idea of your two precious children being taken away from you, but it seems to be your only option. Commentators are quick to point out the legitimacy of the creditor's logic from the Mosaic law. If you want to write it down, Leviticus 2539 and 40. In an ideal world, I would take time, could take time, would have time to read. I don't. Leviticus 2539 and 40. You decide to talk to Elisha the prophet. You get your courage up hoping there's something that he can do for you, but his hands are tied and he doesn't know how to help you. It's a good thing. Oh, but I wasn't around because he might be one of those husbands always tell his wife, "Don't tell the preacher. Don't tell nobody else. Don't tell Brother Greley. Don't tell nobody. Don't let anybody know. Don't tell our business." I'm glad Oai was gone. He couldn't hold on to pride. He said, she said, I got to get in touch with the only one I know that might be able to help. In devastation, you pick up your things and prepare to leave. But then Elisha asks you a question that will forever change your life. He looks at you and says, you're in, you're imagining that you're there. He looks at you and he says, "What do you have in your house?" The question of the prophet resounds across the chasm of time and space. It is because it's relevant for us now, especially on Mother's Day. Mama, what do you have? You've stood around the altar Sunday after Sunday. You've told the Lord, "I'm empty. I need you to pass by. I'm discouraged. I need you to help me. My children in trouble. I need you to help me." You've told the Lord over and over again. Now, the word of the Lord is unto you today. He's asking you the question, "What is it in your house? What do you have? You've told me what you don't have. You don't have enough support. You don't have maybe enough support even from your husband, the father of your children. You You've told the Lord that. Now the Lord is asking, "What do you have?" And I'm asking you, mothers, what do you have beside that? If we would save our children, it begins with rightly answering Elisha's questions. What do you have in the house? The story before us is a bonafide miracle through the prophet Elisha. God does the impossible. That's not what he does. That's who he is. God causes the oil in the jar. We're going to call it mama's oil. God caused mama's oil to multiply. We're going to soon see the point is not merely that the oil was multiplied. The greater miracle is that the mother was able to save the lives of her children, provide for their future, and not only that, be a blessing to the larger community. Amen. See, here you are thinking you don't have enough to bless your children and your husband. And the reality is he's pouring in. You're not perhaps giving him all the chances that you can because he not only wants to provide what you have need of so that you can pour into your children, but he wants even the community, even your neighbors, even your those around you to be blessed because you're drinking. Because you're feasting, I want you to know if you're if you're filling up, you're going to give out. Amen. Help me now. I'm not going to stop till I'm done. So, the oil was in the house. We got to learn some things quickly about this oil. It seems to be noted that this legacy was located in the house in Mama's house. A pot, a jar, some kind of container of oil. Elisha would have been familiar with the process that brought this woman into his office. To come to Elisha to explain that a creditor was going to sell her children into slavery was an indication that she sold everything already of value. She's at the end of the road. And he simply asked her, "Well, what do you have in your house?" God's asking you, "What do you have?" Elisha's profound question, "What do you have in your house?" Her answer, "Nothing except a small jar. of oil. You may feel mother like you have nothing. Wife, you may feel like you have nothing. No energy, no patience, no answers. But God works with your except except a small part. God works with your accept. That tiny bit of faith, that last ounce of love, that small prayer, a small song, calling on the name of Jesus, speaking his name over your children. God will work with your except you're not enough is God's starting point. It's not his limitation. I'm waiting on your amen. So Elisha asked the question, but he already knew the answer. He was a prophet for crying out loud. So in asking the question, Elisha is letting the mother know that God has already seen the situation. He knows the furniture's gone. He knows the table is gone. He knows the extra dresses are gone. Everything is gone that can go. But God knows that there's one little bottle of oil that mama's keeping close to her heart. And yet he asked anyway, "What do you have? What's left? What could it be? She'd save back this little bit of oil." But there's no way in the natural that he could have known that those things had market value. So the real question, what's left? That's what Elisha was asking about. He wanted to know what she had stashed away, what was worth holding on to, keeping back. The text says a jar, a small jar, or or a pot of oil. In Hebrew, the word is osuk. And ouk is only used one time. Thank you. It's only used one time in the scripture. The Hebrew and Aramaic lexicon of the Old Testament identifies the root. It uh it it it says let let me read what I have here. This is evidence that this jar of oil was not a vessel that held larger supply of oil for cooking, but it was a smaller vessel that had only that held only anointing oil. oil that was used on the body after bathing for medicinal use. The word used here means save and anointing of oil. The literal translation save, I have nothing. Save anointing of oil, which means just enough oil to slather on a body after it has been bathed. most likely for burial. Mama is holding up enough so that her children don't have to worry about how they're going to bury her. The only oil that she had left, not a pot, but osuk, it means one small. Thank you. One small individual portion. It's a unique word here. You can take that down. possibly for a small anointing flask. This oil would have been scented with crushed or steamed spices. Perfume and cosmetics were worn in these days by men and women. We're not talking about makeup. We're talking about rich and poor. In ancient Israel, practically everyone used scented oil to make offensive odors and to prot to mask. I need a breath. I'm reading too fast. We don't need any help making offensive odors. We need help masking them. Both men and women would use these fragrant oils to mask offensive odors and to protect the skin from the dry heat and the bright sun. And you can see where I found that information. Life in biblical Israel. Thank you. That's pretty important. This is not just any oil. This isn't cooking oil. This is special oil. Highly valuable oil, very expensive oil. The descriptive language here appears that mama was entirely destitute of the oil which was essential for the preparation of food. She only had oil, special oil, oil for anointing. since it had been held back and not already sold or bartered. Many suppose that the small flask of oil was to be used to anoint her body upon her death. She was literally planning to leave it behind as a legacy gift so that her sons would not have to bear the cost of purchasing such oil upon her death. She was pre-planning her funeral arrangements. She was making sure that they didn't have to worry about it. in the message perfect strength by perfect weakness. I I want to go to paragraph 295. No, I want to go to paragraph 296. I'm cutting some. One had just a vessel with a little oil in it and she had nothing. Her two sons going to be sold for bondsmen. She had nothing else she could do with this little vessel of oil. Wasn't very much. She was at the end. Elijah said to her, "What have you got in your house?" said, "Just a little oil." We're talking about Elisha. Go to your neighbors. Borrow plenty of them there. Look, getting ready before it even happens. H get ready. David heard the sound in the mberry bushes. Elijah saw a cloud just the size of a hand and he said, "I hear the sound." There's faith in those words. Let the weak say I'm strong. Instead of saying, "I'm empty," say, "I've got just enough." I've got just enough. Because when I use what I've got, he knows how to give me more. He said, "Fill the house. Go get some empty vessels." If God can only get some empty vessels, he said, "They're, look, getting ready before it ever happened." If God can only get some empty vessels, he said, "Fill the house full of them." Amen. See what God wants. God has got to have empty vessels. We've had so much doctrine, so much ecclesiastical nonsense. Until we're down at the end of the barrel, there's only one thing left. Turn to God I can't understand all this papal business. There's one thing left. Turn to God and his word. I can't explain the fact that that in the telling of the visions of 33, it seems that brother Brandham began in in the latter part of his life to to mention uh interpretations and fulfillments as though these things were seen in the vision. Now visions are by symbols and as brother Brandon would go along telling them he would mix in with the symbols some of the fulfillments. When you are following that all the way through it can be kind of a bumpy road. Here's what I know. I know that the answer is to turn to God and his word with everything we've got. I don't know how a brown cow gives white milk that can be churned to make yellow butter. But what I do know is that God is God is God is God. He is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. What I do know is there's one God and there's one person of the Godhead, Lord Jesus Christ. What I do know is that with baptism must be administered in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and not in trinitarian titles. I do know that holiness is right and separation from the world is right. I do know that God will help us if we let him. He's a gentleman. He won't always wrestle you down and break your neck to be able to talk to you, but he'll talk to you if you'll shut up and you'll listen to him. He'll talk. That's why some folks never slow down because they're afraid of what's going God's going to say if they do. He's coming. He's coming. Somebody said, "That sounds so creepy." Oh, he's coming. He's coming after you. You belong to him. You don't belong to you. He bought you. He paid a price with his own life's blood. Glory to God. She had enough to take care of and her kids $299 and everything else and pay off the debts. Just what little she had consecrated to God following the word of the prophet. She come out right. God send us a prophet that'll take the word of God that will not take something else but just get empty vessels. If God can just get empty vessels and then take the word of God and pour it into the person. He said, "Oh, they say I I I I shook when I received it. I spoke in tongues when I received it. I dance in the spirit." He said, "Forget it. See, forget it. Just stay there." And it's true. It's right. This is right. Just stay there until it comes. Till the vessel's full. If you don't do any jerking, if you don't do any crying, if you don't do any kind of manifestation, stay there until he fills you so full of who he is. Come on. Amen. You've got it, mama. You've got it. You've been in the altar yourself. You know what it means. For whatever reason, this mother and a recent widow widow had kept back that little bit of oil. She didn't sell it. She stashed it away. You might find it a strange inheritance to leave behind, but to be very plain, she wanted to spare them the stench of death and to relieve their social and moral obligation of having to acquire oil. Can you imagine having to go borrow, beg for enough oil to kill the older on your mother's body when you're laying her to rest? She had no intention of selling that little portion of oil. But now things have changed. And even she if if she sold it, it was not enough to pay off the debt. Here comes a prophet. What do you here? What what what do you have in the house? Having been married to a spiritual man, the woman in the text is sensitive to the moving of the spirit perhaps, and she knows the Lord is speaking. So standing between joy and fear, hope and doubt, she answers, "Just a little jar of oil is all I have left." That was all she had left to leave behind. Can I tell you what you need to save your children? Can I tell you what you need to ensure their future and to help your community? Your answer is in your house. Can I tell you that your answer is in your house? Can I tell you that what you need to save your children and bless your community is in your house. It's where God has placed you. It's where he puts you. It's where he's going to feed you. It's where he's going to sustain you. You tell the devil he's a liar. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not following you anywhere. I'm going to stay in the house. My answer is not out there. What have you got left in your house? Just a little bit of oil. Let me ask you on this Mother's Day, what do you have in your house? For only then can we follow this divine strategy. Once the mother acknowledges that she only has a jar of oil, Elisha shares with her the divine strategy that will save her children, bless their lives, revitalize the community. He says in verse three, "Go borrow some vessels. Borrow not a few." You see, your level of faith will determine Your level of faith will determine the level of your harvest. Not the level of your supply, but the level of your faith. Because the prophet said, "You go borrow a bunch of vessels. Get as many as you can. Get all empty vessels. Get them in here as many as you can. And from that little bit of oil, just enough to take the stench off of a dead body. I'm going to multiply that oil." Paragraph 341. Perfect strength. That's the need of today. That's what we need today. We need empty vessels. Yes, sir. So God can fill them. God can't use them as long as they're already filled up. full of theological training. God can't use that. God has to have empty vessels so he can fill them up. 3:43 That's what it was at Pentecost. They had empty vessels so God could fill them up. Brother, this day demands it. This day got to have it. We'll have that or perish. We've got to have living water or we'll perish. We've got to have the real oil or we'll perish. You still here? Good. Go borrow from your neighbors. Empty vessels might be like coat hangers. Nobody has too many to spare. They're holding on to them. She said, "These are strange instructions. The miracle required her obedience despite her exhaustion. Trust when I can barely function. Give more patience when I have none left. pour out more when I'm so exhausted I can't hardly think. Yes, you go in that house and shut the door. She was to pour it out herself. Not the prophet, not her children, not any of the sons of the prophet, not her neighbors. It was her legacy. This was her legacy. She was leaving it behind to to remove the stench of her death. And now she's sacrificing that. It's like desert Pete investing the water you find believing that it'll prime the leathers in the pump and you'll there'll be more. That's what God does. He's a God of divine mathematics. Do you believe it? Remember the jar was a special container specifically filled with anointing oil. God's instruction through Elijah is to place the anointing oil, the legacy of the household into regular ordinary vessels borrowed from the members of the community. The underlying Hebrew makes it clear that the vessels into which the oil was to be poured out were ordinary vessels. Just ordinary vessels. Anything that could hold oil, a bowl, a cup, a flask, whatever you can get, go get it. Doesn't matter if it's a pint or a quart or a half pint or whether it's a big bottle that will hold a hen, whatever. Go get them. The bottom line is, do you want to save your children or not? If we're going to save our children, we've got to follow the divine strategy. Amen. In fact, the text reveals that when we follow God's plan, God does more than we even ask for. He does exceedingly. He does abundantly above all that we could ask or think. She followed divine strategy without question. I want us to look at this as we bring this toward a close. The mother had to put her finger on the stash. Where is it? What have you got? And then she had to follow the divine strategy. So she left him. She shut the door behind her and her children, shutting out all distractions while she focused on her obedience. I want to tell you something. There is a time that you've got to shut the door. All right. Don't call it me time. Call it God time. I got to have some God time. Then no one can consider that selfish. Got to have God time. There would be no unnecessary confusion in the mind of her neighbors. She's just closing the door so nobody can even see what's going on. They kept bringing vessels to her. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And she kept pouring without intermission from this tiny little boat. Filling, filling, filling. She was sacrificing the way she wanted to handle the oil to follow a higher order. One commentator wrote, "They saw not the spring that it supplied." Excuse me. One commentator wrote, "They saw not the spring that supplied it, but believed it to be in him in whom all our springs are." It was supernatural. Can't you see them in the kitchen? Mama's got a small jar of precious oil in her hand. And each child takes a turn bringing an empty vessel to her and watching her pour precious oil from the jar into the vessel. No matter how big, how small the vessel, there's enough oil flowing from the jar to fill it. No matter how many vessels they bring, the oil of their legacy. Hallelujah. Yes. No matter how many children they have, no matter how many church children they help raise, come on. God keeps supplying the oil that they need as long as they continue to pour out. I don't know about you, but I remember some lessons that I learned in the kitchen with my mother, with my grandmother, sitting there while they worked. I want you to watch this. The children participated in their own deliverance. Because mama taught them how to work with their legacy. She filled the empty vessels with oil. She schooled her children about their legacy. She talked to them them about the God who promised to supply every need. She told them about the righteousness of her father, of their father. She told them why they were in this situation. Because he valued truth and he valued prophetic voices and he valued having prophets in the land to give the word of the Lord. And he was willing to risk his own death to hide them and to borrow money so that he could feed them. And now God, she's just a pouring. She's telling these stories while she's pouring. And now God is supernaturally giving her more than she owes. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. The text doesn't tell us how many vessels were filled up. We know that mom had followed the prophet's instructions and gathered a bunch. The text says the children kept bringing vessels to her and she kept pouring right up until the last vessel was filled and the oil stopped flowing. The translation says it stood. All the vessels are filled. The oil has stopped flowing. And she says, "Bring me yet a vessel." And had there been more vessels. Go ahead, say it. Had there been more vessels, the oil would have kept flowing. It would have kept flowing and kept flowing and kept flowing and kept flowing. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we get them up to the sixth grade and then they're on their own? Wouldn't it be wonderful if we get them up to 18 and then they're on their own? No, no, no, no. It seems that a mother's work, a father's work is never done. We just keep pouring. It's our job. It's our job. It's our responsibility, but it's also our joy. What kind of a father would want his child not to to succeed and not to go higher? I pray, oh God, that the generation that's represented in this house today, I pray they'll go higher. I pray their understanding will be greater. I pray their authority will be higher and their power will be of greater demonstration. Amen. I pray Lord that the day will come that we mammas and daddies will be able to sit back and pray their strength and pray their obedience and pray that they will continue on to do what God has called them to do. Listen, you're leaving a legacy. Every person, man, woman, boy, girl, dad, mom, you're leaving a legacy whether you want to or not. You're leaving something behind. You're leaving a testimony behind. Is it going to be of up one minute and down the next or is it going to be a testimony that says, "I just put my shoulder to the plow, got my eyes on Jesus. I pressed on. I pressed on. I pressed on. I pressed on. I poured out. And then I poured out. And then I poured out until there were no other empty vessels. The limit of the supply was the limit of their capacity to receive. Elisha tells her, "Now go sell the oil. Pay your debts and you and your children are free. Your sons don't have to be slaves. Live on the rest. That's good news, y'all. Before we shout over the fact that her children were saved and all of their future secured, let me ask you a question. Whom did the mother sell the vessels to? Two principles help bring us to this answer. If you borrow a vessel, you're going to have to return it. This is in 2025 borrow. You're not using that. I can I borrow Can I take that off your hand? We think that means I'll return it when I'm done until we go visit and we see it laid out in their yard. She was a woman of integrity. And so these vessels of oil were offered right back to the ones that had donated them first. I'm bringing your empty vessel back. It's full of oil now. Can you pay for the oil? They were glad to pay for it. If there were not enough people, then there would be enough money made in the end that she would be able to pay for any other vessel that she borrowed and go to the market with this oil. Because it's a common fact that in biblical times, many people would bring their own vessels to be filled with oil, to be filled with water, to be filled with wine, to be filled with grapes, to be filled with flour, whatever was needed. They bring their own sacks, so to speak. Except there were no sacks. So don't worry about where it went. When it was sold, there was enough to pay the debt. But I believe that a lot of those neighbors were blessed. I believe they got good deals. And furthermore, who wouldn't want to buy a big pot of supernatural oil? This is not Reverend Ike's miracle oil. This is real miracle oil. This isn't Ernest Angley style. This is real style. This is God supernaturally supplying a need. Amen. I'm coming to a close. Mama didn't think she had any answers. She thought that her children were lost to serve a life of an indentured slave. In reality, mama had everything her children needed tucked in here. just a little bottle of oil. Mama had everything they needed. She had faith to call on the Lord through the prophet of the hour. She had faith enough to obey the instruction. She had faith enough to turn loose of the little bit of oil that she needed to stay the stench for her own funeral. And that was all she needed for her sons to be saved, for her life to be preserved, and for her neighbors to be blessed. Mama, you better hold on to your oil. You better make sure that every time you can, you get under the spout where the glory runs out. When it's time to worship, you better make sure, wives, that you have pushed. If it's only for for three minutes of a worship service, somebody said, you know, mama, they don't they don't get a whole sermon, they don't get a whole worship service. Let me tell you, God can do more for you in three minutes. He can do more for you in three minutes when you get in his presence. Somebody said, "Can't he help me at home?" He can, but I tell you, he wants you to come and get a dose of that corporate anointing. He wants you to come and and be blessed by your other brothers and sisters. And you may feel overwhelmed, and you may feel like you're the only mama that's running low, but you're not the only one. These mothers deal with this. These wives deal with this on a regular basis. I'm sure they do. Sometimes your children have different names than you. Sometimes God sends neighbor youngans to your house. Sometimes he sends sisters from the church to your house, brothers. Sometimes he sends other families. Sometimes neighbors come to get some of what you got. These are spiritual mothers. These are spiritual porers. Their value, it's priceless. What you do for your own children is valuable. It's vital. It's holy. And it's worthy of praise. But what you do for somebody else's child, what you do for somebody else's family, what you do to help somebody else have a brighter day, that's priceless. Any good mama is going to provide for her own children's mental, emotional, and physical needs. But when you're willing to take on the community, when you're willing to take on somebody else's little brat, somebody have to help my wife carry her crowns cuz she gets a big one for taking care of me and our four strong children. But she seems to collect other kids just pouring. We go to Sam's. Got to get the freezies. I said, "Our kids are grown, honey. Elelliana don't need them yet. You know, we got to have them. Warm weather's coming. Got to have them. Got to have them. Got to have this. What you do, every teacher who goes over there to that school and pours into somebody else's child, someone I love and know recently was in a room of 5-year-olds. What is your name? Well, I've already told you my name. My name is Mrs. Shelly. Oh, you mean Mrs. Smelly? You mean Mrs. Belly? What if I just call you Mrs. Belly? 5 years old. You know what I'd want to say? What if I just called you breathless? There's going to be a smell in here real quick and it's going to be when I knock the poop out of you, but then the then the sirens go blast and another teacher goes off to jail. I said, "You mean to tell me kindergarten, five years old? five years old, determined to run the class and rule the day. And the little neighbor teacher comes in and says, "Now, don't you all treat this sub like you did the last sub, leaving the indication that she probably ended her day in a meltdown of tears." Five-year-olds, come on. Every time you have done such a thing as that, every time you've loaded up those hoodlams on your bus, Mimi, Charity, and others, you've greeted them with a smile, with kindness, ran into them at Walmart and spoke to them, and they spoke to you. You're pouring You're pouring. You go down to Walmart, you're pouring. They don't always Your children don't always have your name. But if you're willing to pour, God will send them. He'll send them. Sometimes I have to pour to pastors older than I am who won't publicly even give me a thumbs up on Facebook. They won't even greet me with a happy birthday on Facebook, but will do it privately because they don't want anybody to know that they even know who I am. Won't even give me a thumbs up, but they'll reach out older than me. I just need some inc. I just need some encouragement. Basically, even if it comes from you, I'm willing. You understand? Amen. My children older than me sometime, they don't all have my name. Mamas, get it. Hear what I'm saying? Teenagers here, you got children. You're not old enough to have any children. And yet, God sends you somebody to pour out to. your spiritual mothers to neighbors. Ants who provide safe havens, listening ears. Spiritual mentors who pour wisdom into younger women. Gay-haired, wispyhaired women who say, "Do you know what the Lord did on June the 11th of You ought to have been there when the Lord did blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Poor poor. Some you'll pour and it'll run right out. It'll do them no good in the long run. But you'll find some to pour into that will remain, that will remain, that will grow, that will be steady, that will be rock solid, who will pour to their own children, to their own neighbors. It's multiplication. This oil multiplied according to the number of vessels, not according to biological connections. There was a ginger who poured. There was an April who poured. There'll always be somebody. There are connections stronger than biology. There are assignments. There are assignments. Teachers get them sometime. Like I said a moment ago, bus drivers get them sometime. foster mothers who open their homes again and again and again. It's not the connection. It's not the biology. It's the faith. God doesn't measure motherhood by wombs. He measures motherhood by your willingness to pour into somebody else who's empty. It's oil of legacy. It's been there, done that, walked through that, whipped that devil, overcome that battle. Now I can give you a little courage to go do it for yourself. I'm closing. Musicians. Seven quick lessons to learn from the widow woman. Number one, when you're in trouble, seek godly wisdom to gain new perspective. She went to the prophet. Number two, use what you have to get what you need. That's how faith operates. What's that in your hand, Moses? Happened to be a rod. If it would have been his flipflop, God would have said, "Good. I'm going to use a flip-flop to lead my children out of Egypt." It wasn't that he just happened to have the right thing in his hand. God literally said, "What is in your hand?" That's what I'm going to use. Mama, what's in your house? Just a little. Number three, sew where you want to go. This woman set that example. This widow woman only had a small jar of precious oil, yet she was willing to invest all of it before she saw the miracle. Don't be tempted to hold on to something because you can't see where the next supply will come from. God's math is different and he will multiply your seed if you will trust him. Number four, the poor widow woman became a distribution channel for the kingdom of God with just one little small jar of oil. I don't have anything. I'm so empty. No, no, no, no, no, no. Take what you've got. Take what little you've got left. Sometimes you've got to be mama, daddy. Sometime you've got to be aunt, uncle, grandma, grandpa. Sometime you got to be all of it. God's not going to leave you helpless or hopeless. Number number five, she did not depend on just her own supply. Don't be afraid to ask God for help. Don't be afraid to ask somebody else for help. I'm weak. My faith is a little shattered. I'm a little emotional. I need a little help. Ask. You have not because you asked not. Somebody said, "I just don't want to ask." Kick that pride. Kick it. Why don't you kick that pride right out the door and say, "Help me. Number six, she was quickly able to sell her product because she was providing something that everyone needed. You've got something. You've got something. You've got a testimony that somebody needs to hear. Hello. Number seven. Even in the midst of her own problem, she was a solution. God used God gave her supernatural abundance, resources, and provision because she obeyed his word. Here was a woman getting ready to lay down and die with her son sold into slavery. And with a miracle, she became the entrepreneur to bless the whole community around her. She used what she had despite how weak she was, how scared she felt. And the Lord turned her biggest misery into her greatest miracle. And he'll do the same for you. One more point. Sometimes your own jar is cracked. The jar that you were handed was cracked. There are times when we realize that our mother was broken. She wasn't whole. She gave what she had. She gave us life. She was cracked. The vessel she handed us was cracked. God had to help us. There are some of you here who understand. Some get warm and fuzzies at Mother's Day and some grieve what never was. Maybe your mother was like the brother's mother who had to stop and calm herself to get from the cabinet to the stove to cook the ters for the family. You dread the thought of Mother's Day because of it, Father's Day because of it. because you were handed a broken pot. We don't have any idea what that little pot looked like, but it might have been a little chipped. It might have been through some stuff. There might have been a crack. Might have been imperfect. All we know is that it was enough to hold enough. It was enough to hold enough for a miracle to take place. I promise you that your situation might not have been like mine. Mine might not have been like yours. But I promise you, as a born again, Holy Ghostfilled believer, you've got enough in your pot. It might be crack. What was handed to you might not been the same as what was handed to somebody else. But as a born again believer, you've got enough, sister. You've got enough, mama. You've got enough in you to pour out to somebody else. Don't grieve away what could have been, what should have been. Don't ever let it become your excuse. Just pour. There was a time that my mother didn't support my ministry. Instead, she locked me out of the house at night when I would go and preach the gospel and someone would take me and drop me off. And if it was later than she told me to be home, mind you, I wasn't drinking. I wasn't drugging. I wasn't running around. I was coming home from a revival that I had preached. My mother was bitter from her own heartache, her own heartbreak, and her word was the law. And it didn't matter if God was moving. He better do it within the time frame that my mama had given me as a boy in school. So there were multiple times that I came home later than the hour and found the door locked. Oh, I knocked, but it didn't do any good. I made up my mind. I can get mad. I can get bitter. I can get filled with hate. I can take this religious righteous stuff and say, "Oh, I'm doing the work of the Lord." But I decided to spend the rest of the time sitting against the door praying for my mama's salvation. Lord, she's laying there in that bed. She's not asleep. She's miserable. She's angry. She's hurting. She's mad. She's not getting any more sleep than I am. I'm suffering on the outside, she's suffering on the inside. I want you to save her soul. I want you to show up in her life and show her what love is and what it means to be unconditionally loved and accepted with your brokenness. When she would leave to go to the bank the next morning, she would unlock the door. I would get up. I had dozed off usually by then. I would wake up. I would get up and when I could, I would throw my arms around my mother and I would say, "One of these days, God is going to break the hold in your life. And I'm going to see you with your hands lifted up and tears running down your face as you give God praise for rescuing you." I don't know how many nights there were like that, but there were more than 30. And it was years before God heard those prayers. And during those times, it was a struggle sometime to keep the right heart and the right spirit and not to be bitter. I didn't tell you that for you to feel sorry for me. I told you that because there are many of us who have stories like that and you didn't know that woman. Praise God. You didn't know her by the time you met her. She was not perfect, but she was a different woman than that. And there are many of us who had stories. Sister Teresa, I remember a story you told me about your own mother that still touches me today. In the spur of a moment, she was willing to do whatever she had to do to protect her life and her children. Whatever it takes, not perfect pots, but worthy of honor. There are a lot of us who have those mother wounds and we have to give them to the Lord, don't we? There's a redemptive poor. When you're in touch with the redeemer, you say, "I didn't have that loving mother. I don't know how to be a loving mother." Then you just need to come under his pour. He'll pour redemption into you. He'll teach you how to give what you didn't have, what you didn't get. He'll give you something that was not provided for you in your life so that you can give it to others. We don't have to continue that perpetual, seemingly unending cycle of dysfunction. Hallelujah. Amen. I know mothers in this church that weren't properly motherthered who are super moms. How did that happen? Because there is a redemptive poor. Your mother's day story does not limit your poor. Your issues from your growing up doesn't limit your poor. Just keep coming to him. Fill me. Fill me. The very pain that made you feel empty has produced mother, sister, wife, and oil in you that others desperately need. Your scars become your ministry. Your lack becomes your offering to others. Your healing becomes hope to somebody else. Let's stand. I tried to find the song book. I wanted to read you the lyrics. This is about right for time. But I didn't find it quick enough. But I used to travel with two granny's and we I was 12 and 13 and 14 and 15. They were much older. They sung harmony. We sung together. We made our own jokes so that nobody else had to. They'd say, "What do you call your group?" and and they'd speak up and they'd say the teenager and the old gravel gerties, but these were godly women. And uh the younger of the two had wasted her life in the bars, raised in a godly family, and she had made her money in the bars. And she married in the bars, and she raised her children in the bars. And the more her godly little mother prayed, her mother was about that tall. That's Rags's greatg grandmother. She would pray and the more she'd pray, the daughter would get wilder and meaner and further away from God. And one day she was playing in a bar, little mini skirt on, and she said, "Steve, it was just like God took the roof off, I wasn't thinking about the Lord. I was thinking about singing these folks drunk so they would put more tips in the jar. He opened up the roof of that old honky tonk and he poured my mama's tears down on my head and I said over the microphone, "Folks, I can't entertain you anymore. God's just heard my mama's prayers. I'm out of here." She said, "I didn't even stay around to get my check. I didn't even empty my tip jar. She said, "I won't ever be back. You'll never see me again. I'm going to sing for the Lord the rest of the days of my life." And she did. And she said, "But before I do, before I leave, I want to sing a song that I wrote for my mama that she hasn't heard yet. Is that all right? And the owner said, "Yes, go ahead and then hurry out." And she had written these words, "The blood of Jesus Christ mixed with mama's tears again has put old Satan on the run." Her joy was quite contagious and has withtood many years. And I'm telling everybody they need a little touch of the blood of Jesus Christ mixed with mama's tears. She said, "Steve, there wasn't a dry eye in that building." And she said, "I thought I might just give an invitation on my way out." And so she said, "I've got a feeling I'm not the only backslider that's tried to outrun Mama's tears in Jesus's blood." So she said, "It'd be all right if you'd call on him today. I know I am. And there were many in that bar. In fact, we had people come to revival years later, walked down the aisle and said, "I was in the bar the night that you quit." And I gave my heart to the Lord and I never went back. I asked God to give me one opportunity to see you and here you are in my church singing and preaching revival. Why you tell that? Well, I only tell it once a year usually because you may not keep them always, mother. They may run. They may run as hard and fast and as long as their leash will allow, but I want you to know God gets the last word. You keep pouring. You just keep pouring when you're the only one that pours. Keep pouring when you're the only one that remembers. Keep pouring. God sees it. He sees it. He sees it. I want to ask every mother, every woman of God to come and stand here today. We're going to pray over you in just a moment. We'll have our families, your family to come and join you. Come now. Would you come and stand here? I don't do this to embarrass you. I do this to bless you. Come in close. I'm going be real plain. If you're a family here and you've got a mother here that won't chop her hair off and paint her face and put all these crazy things through their ears and nose, but she'll live a godly life, testify of the blood of Jesus and the power of God's salvation. You're blessed. She may not be as cool as somebody else's mother or wife, but I'll tell you right now, her value, it cannot be named. I have sung the praises of mothers, but I want you to know that I know that mothers aren't always perfect because fathers are not always perfect and husbands are not always perfect and Christians are not always perfect. But we're blessed here. I want you to look around this room, not just at what God's given you, but I want you to see some of the rest of these. Let's have the families just squeeze in close. You can't touch your mama, your wife. Get where you can just push your way in. They need us. They don't just need us one day of the year. They need us 365 days of the year. They need our support and our prayers. And there are mothers here that don't have any of their biological children here like Sister Rebecca or Sister Beverly, maybe others. Uh get around them. Somebody make sure that you lay hands on them and remind them how loved and appreciated they are in this house. You've made some mighty nicel looking children, too. I don't know what they'd do without you. I'm so glad they don't have to think about it. I've seen you, Jia. I've seen you. Some of you others I've seen you. I I've watched you. I know you poor and poor and poor and poor. I understand what Johanna and Rachel uh Roa, they're pouring poor. Do it. You don't always have to know what to say. Just pour love. Poor Jesus. Pour a smile. It's not sympathy you need, sister. You need godly support. May we all provide that. There's such a presence, just a for me a very solemn presence here. I would like to think that God would launch some women today into a place of encouragement and a place of victory that they haven't been in in a long time. I'd like to think that there might be a mother that would just take her place back. I'm taking it back now. I'm taking my voice back and I'm going to speak into my children like I never have before. I'm not going to lecture them, but I'm going to teach them. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I I just want to honor these women of God, so many times beat down in so many ways in life and misjudged by the world around them. But I thank you that their dedication is to you, Lord. It's you that they love most foremost above all. I I know that it um bothers our family sometime, but the truth is they love you more than they love us. And that's what every husband should delight in to have a wife and a mother for their children that would love you above all. I pray, oh God, that you will touch these women, not just biological mothers, but women of God. Those who have children that don't share their name, and those who were handed a broken vessel, and yet they pour anyway and give anyway. uh every sister around this altar, I pray for the strength of almighty God. We don't always know what to say or what to do for them or even tell them what we want to tell them. God, loose our tongues that we'll quit saying what we want to we wish we could say, what we think we'll get around to saying. Give us grace to go ahead and say it. Mama may need to hear it. Fill her, Lord. Fill her so full of the Holy Ghost that she squishes when she walks. She slips around the house. She's so oily. So filled with your [Music] life. These bodies get tired. You're the healer. You're the glory and the lifter of our heads. From the top of her head to the soles of her feet. Lord, pour into her Holy Ghost what she needs to keep pressing in for her familyash. Hide hide her strange ways. Hide those scars. hide those things, oh that she carries a and shine through her Lord like the morning star fill her. You husbands, come down here to your wives for just a minute. That's more important than you stay right where you are. Come down here to your wives. Oh Jesus, you're tired. Just sit on the altar. Sit on a f pew. Keep praying for just a few more minutes. Father in the name of Jesus Christ would you undergard strengthen father satisfy heal the hurt men the brokenness. Use Lord every part of it for your glory for the good of your kingdom. Oh God, there are things that we would do different if we had the opportunity. But yesterday is gone. I ask for redemption. Lord, pour into my wife, the mother of my children. redeemingly pour into her all that she needs to run this race. Remind her that it's not in vain. It was all for your glory. We'll see. We'll see the deliverance. We'll see the victory. [Music] [Music] raise us up above what has been handed to us. And may we give a legacy. May we leave a legacy of faith and hope and Holy Ghost righteousness [Music] that can never fade away. Thank you, Lord. Lord, strengthen our children right now. Mama, do your thing. Mama, do your thing. Lay your hand on your own children. Lord, we just pray over our own children, our heritage. In the name of Jesus, we join with mama's faith. We pray right now for the protection of their destiny. We pray right now for the strength of the Lord and the joy of the Lord to be upon their [Music] lives. Lord, fill them. Fill them. Fill them. Fill them. [Music] Lord, give us more so we can pour to our grandchildren. [Music] I want them in the kingdom of God. [Music] Sing it, brother. Sing something while you're playing. Sing over these mothers. Let the presence of the [Music] Lord Let the presence of the Lord just seal us for a moment. I know you're tired. You've been standing a long [Music] time. Seal it in right now. [Music] Where is Jeffrey? She watch. She's sitting down. She got babies in her arm, don't she? Stand up just a minute. Sister Jeffrey, I know you got a little one. When he walks among us, All that he does, all of his mercy and all of his love. Jennifer, lay your hand on your mother there. You kids, lay your hand on her ride every day. Even this world could never contain how I've been blessed. Thank you Lord for the gapstander. Thank you Jesus. There's warmth in the win. [Music] Give her her harvest. Give her her harvest, Lord. The changing of the push every demon power of hell out of her way. Give her her harvest. Good place to sleep. There's clothes on my back and shoes on my feet. I've been blessed and I have been blessed. Let's sing it with him. Let's sing that chorus with him right now. I have been blessed. God so good to me. s are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. He's so good. I have been blessed. One more time. Sing that chorus with him. Just like that. And I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count on them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. My God has been good. So good. He's so good. I have been blessed. Do another verse. Do a verse. Just love your family for just a moment. That will raise. Hug your mama. A voice that can talk, hands don't forget to hug tomorrow, and legs that can walk, ears that can listen, and eyes that can see. Greet the family. Oh, I got to praise him. As long as I breathe, I have been blessed. [Music] Oh, I have been blessed. My God is so good to me. Forgive us our lost children. Precious are his thoughts of you and Jesus. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. Oh, he's so good. I have been blessed. One more time. Let's sing that before we before we say goodbye to the streamer. I have been blessed. God so good to me. So good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. He's been so good. I have been led. How many of you can say, "I've been blessed." God bless you to every streamer. We love you. We love you, mamas out there, you precious sisters. God bless you as we leave you today.
