################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Dead Men Walking, Part 2 - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    Dead Men Walking, Part 2 — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DWUZNeKGnU
========================================

Description:
Pastor Shelley continues his series on spiritual warfare, teaching believers how to win the daily battle between carnal and spiritual natures. Using Paul’s teaching on dying daily and Brother Branham’s illustration of two dogs, he demonstrates that victory depends on which nature we feed through our choices. The message emphasizes complete yielding to God rather than co-piloting, establishing non-negotiable spiritual disciplines, and replacing negative thoughts with God’s word for consistent spiritual triumph.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] And God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Well, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. And if you're walking through a valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear for he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. And we were sinners and so unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. Well, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. And we were sinners and so unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. He filled us with his Holy Spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. And though I may not understand all the plans you have for me, oh my life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith, I can clearly see God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. And though I may not understand, Lord, all the plans you have for me, well, my life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith. Oh, I can clearly see that God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. Oh, hallelujah. Can you testify? He's been good. Who am I that you are mindful of me, Lord, that you hear me when I [Music] call? And is it true that you are thinking of me? Lord, how you love me. It's amazing that I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Oh, I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Who am I that you are mindful of me, Lord, that you hear me each time I call. And is it true that you are thinking of me, Lord, how you love me, it's amazing. that I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Yes, I'm a friend of God. He calls me friend. Lord, you call me friend. I'm a friend of God. Oh, I'm a friend of God. Yes, I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. You are God Almighty, Lord of glory. And you have called me friend. Oh Lord, you call me friend, God Almighty. You are Lord of glory and you have called me for him. Thank you Lord for calling me your friend God all and you are Lord of gloryy you have called me friend I am a friend of God I am a friend of God yes I am a friend of God he calls me friend. Lord, you call me friend. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Hallelujah. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Cuz you are God Almighty, Lord of glory, and you have called me friend. And you are God Almighty, Lord of glory. And you have called me friend. Thank you Lord for calling me a friend, God. And you are Lord of glory. You have called me free. And I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Sing it out again. Oh, I am a friend of God. Yes, I am a friend of God. Oh, I'm a friend of God. He calls me friend. Oh, thank you Lord for calling me a friend. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. What's not to love about you? Heaven and earth adore you. Kings and kingdoms bow down. Son of God, you are the one. You are the one we're living for. Oh yes. And we will sing sing and make music with the heavens. We will sing, sing, sing. Lord, we're grateful that you hear us when we shout your name. Lift high thy name of Jesus. Oh, and we will sing, sing, sing and make music in the heavens. We will sing, sing, sing. Oh Lord, we're grateful that you hear us when we shout your name. Lift high the name of Jesus. And what's not to love about you? Heaven and earth adore you. Kings and kingdoms bow down. Son of God, you are the one. You are the one that we live for. And we will sing, sing, sing and make music with the heavens. We will sing, sing, sing. We're grateful that you hear us when we shout your name. Lift high thy name of [Music] Jesus. Oh, and we will sing, sing, sing, and make music with the heavens. We will sing, sing, sing. Lord, we're grateful that you hear us when we shout your name. They lift high thy name of Jesus. And you're the love that frees us. And you're the light that leads us. Like a fire burning, son of God. You are the one, Lord. You are the one that we live for. Oh, and we will sing, sing, sing and make music with the heavens. We will sing, sing, sing. Oh Lord, we're grateful that you hear us when we shout your name. Live high the name of Jesus. Oh, we can do better than that this morning. Oh, and we will sing, sing, sing, and make music with the heavens. We will sing, sing, sing. Lord, we're grateful that you hear us when we shout in your praise. Let him the name of Jesus. [Music] I want to hear you sing it. Oh, and we will sing. We will Sing. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh, sing it like that again. Oh, and we will Sing. We're grateful that you hear us when we shout your praise. Lift high the name of Jesus. In one mind and one accord this morning. Oh, and we will sing. music. Shout your name. Lift high the name of [Music] Jesus. Oh, you are worthy of our praise. You are worthy of our praise. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. You're worthy, Lord. Whether we're tired, you're still worthy, Lord. Oh, we give you the honor and the praise. The honor and the praise, oh Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, we thank you for last night, but it's just not enough. Oh Lord, we've come for more. We've come for more. We pull on you, Lord. We pull on your spirit, Lord. We ask that you would come in this place, inhabit the praises of your children, Lord. Prepare our hearts for your word. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. So I speak Jesus and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freedom. Oh, I speak Jesus. Sing that one again. I just want to speak. Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Speak it over your life till every dark addiction it starts to break. Cuz I know there is peace in your presence. So I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name [Music] is break. Every stronghold shine through the shadows. Burn like [Music] make that your prayer this morning. Oh your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul hed by depression, I speak Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the [Applause] shadows. Burn like a fire. Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression, I speak Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like the fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of [Music] Jesus. Oh, speak his name. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Shout Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every Jesus for my family. I speak holy name Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Jesus. Speak the name of Jesus. [Music] over heart and mind cuz I know there is [Music] peace [Music] Jesus name of Jesus. us till every dark adds to break declaring there is hope and there is I speak Jesus [Music] your name is power your name is He your name is break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Speak it over your family. Oh Jesus. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. Shout Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the street. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak Jesus. Shout Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak holy name [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. I love you, Lord. For your mercy fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so So good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I love your voice cuz you have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. Oh, I've known you as a father and I've known you as my friend. Oh, and I have lived in the goodness. Can you testify of that this morning? Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. We sing of your faithfulness. And all my life you have been so. Lord, you've been so good. Lord, with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life, oh, cuz all my life you have been f. Oh yes, you have, Lord. Oh, and all my life you have been so so good. In every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Yes, it is. And your goodness is running. It keeps running after me. Oh, with my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you [Music] everything. Your goodness is running. It keeps running after me. Oh, cuz your goodness is running after, running after me. Oh, yes it does. Your goodness is running after, running after me. Oh Lord, with my life rain down I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running. It keeps running. Oh, sing about his goodness. Cuz your goodness is running. It keeps running after me. Oh, your goodness is running. It keeps running after me. Lord, with my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you [Music] everything. Your goodness is Oh, it keeps running after me. Cuz all my life you have been. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am, [Music] [Music] we're almost done, but I wanted to sing it again. The Lord wants to hear my voice, but he also wants to hear it come out of your mouth. I can't do it for you. You have to do it for yourself. So, let's sing it. Cuz all my life your testimony so good. [Music] Now you're singing like a people that know about his goodness. Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. Oh, with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life, one last time. Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. Yes, you have. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Sing the last line. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. One more time. I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, can you let him have a praise out of your mouth as you clap your hands unto the Lord? Oh Lord, I thank you for your faithfulness. I thank you for your goodness, your mercy. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. That is my testimony. He has been faithful. Even when I wasn't, he has been faithful. As we go to prayer today, do you have a need by the lifting of the hand? You'd like us to remember as we go to the Lord in prayer all over the house, out across the stream, the Lord sees the needs that you have. He knows what they are. He knows best how to meet them. Would you continue to pray for Sister Audrey and for Sister Gert that God would help them? Would you also pray for Millie who has a a facial rash this morning with a little fever? We don't know what it is, but we know there's a mighty God is able to go right to the root of that. Yes. Would you pray for some of our folks who we haven't seen in this meeting? I'm disturbed. We uh could use their support and they could use what was here last night. Absolutely. So, let's pray that God will stir uh even our own people. Streaming is wonderful, but it's not like being there. Absolutely. It is. And I I want them to be stirred enough, you know, I want to be stirred myself so that I don't want to miss. If the doors open, I want to be there. Amen. I got up early this morning as the thunder and lightning woke me up. I got up. I said, "I better get my shower because if the power goes out, I I I'll be in a mess." I was determined. I don't have a choice. I have to be here. And uh I'm just thankful for you that are here this morning. I know there needs in the building as well. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sing this chorus with us as we get ready to pray. Jesus, just the mention of your name. The little flowers they grow. The desert blooms again. [Music] Just like fire in winter's cold, like pure preious gold. Jesus, just the mention of your name. Brother John Real, will you come and pray over the needs today? Oh Jesus, just the mention of your name. The little flowers they grow. The desert blooms again. [Music] Just like fire in winter's cold, like pure preious gold. Jesus, just the mention of your name. Yes, Lord. Heavenly Father, we come again, Lord Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, for being so faithful to us. Lord, you are so faithful. Your goodness has run after us time and again, Lord. When we were not worthy, Lord, you still loved us. You still counted us worthy, Lord. You still continued chasing after us. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord. Now for the needs that are represented here, Lord, the ones that have been mentioned, the sisters, the the children, Lord, that have been mentioned that need your touch, we ask, Lord, I ask in your name that you would come and minister to them. Each and everyone, Lord, that has a need, Lord. The needs that were represented, Lord, behind every heart, that and every soul that had a need, that had a desire, Lord. Lord, you know it better than we do. You know everything, Lord. The unspoken needs, Lord, that the the the needs that are too deep, too too too deep, Lord, to be expressed, maybe even not even known to the to the own heart or soul, Lord. Lord, you know the emotional, the physical, the spiritual needs of the people here, Lord. Not just the people in this congregation, but Lord, even even out in the stream and the ones that are not here that sometimes come and are not here, Lord, we ask that you would minister to those needs. We just speak the name of Jesus over every need. We just speak the name of the Lord Jesus that you would Lord Jesus meet them in their need. Minister to them according to their need. Lord Jesus, thank you Lord for loving us. And Lord, let your love, let your divine love touch every heart. And speak to every need and heart here, Lord Jesus. Amen. Minister to them, Lord Jesus. Yes, Jesus. We pray this in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. The Lord is good and faithful. Oh, I think we ought to give him another shout of praise for what he did last night. Lord, we praise you. Thank you, Lord. You are faithful and true and mighty. Glory. You may have your seats [Music] today. Lord was moving here last night. Glad that he doesn't quit. He keeps moving. Whether I want to move with him or not, he keeps moving. But it is my sincere desire to move with the lamb wherever he steps and walks. I want to go with him. I want to know that I'm in the perfect plan and will of God every step that I make that he I'm moving with him. We're glad that you're here in the house of the Lord with us today. The Lord met us last night. I'm expecting that he will meet with us again today. He already is. He's here. He's moving among us. He's already touched my life. I pray that he's touching yours. That if if we'll open up our heart and let him. We We too often come with resistance. But we don't want to resist what he's doing. We want to let him do what he wants to do, however he wants to do it. Sometimes we don't like the way he works in our life. Yet we want to be willing. Let him do it how he wants to do it. And as our pastor was preaching last night talking about George Fox and he recognized George Fox recognized that there was a problem in his life to be sweet, to be patient, to be kind. We have a lot of issue a lot of times with impatience with others. But we also have impatience with what God wants to do in us. We get impatient with how long it's taking. Yet the problem is not him. It's it's us. It's us. Because we still have a part of our will that we're not letting loose of. But oh that God would grant us the grace to let loose of everything that we're holding on to that resists the power that resists the move of the Holy Ghost in our life. That's why we come together to allow him to break down all of that stubbornness, all that resistance, all that is in us that keeps him from doing what he wants to do so that he can come in with the sweetness and kindness and patience that we so desire. Amen. That's why we're here. Brother Kate is going to come to the piano and sing today for us again as we're worshiping together by the giving of our tithe and offering. We're we're letting this worship prepare our hearts for the preaching of the word to let the Lord do what he wants to do in us. Uh, Brother Aaron and brother Ian, I'm going to let you two brothers go to the people today as we give our tithe and offering unto the Lord. If you are here and you're not typically here, you want to give an offering, uh, if you'll put it in an envelope, if you want credit for it for tax purposes, uh, put it in an envelope with your name and your address so that we can, uh, make sure that you get a receipt for your giving. But we thank you for giving to the Lord. Everything that you give, it's for the purposes of the kingdom. We want to be wise with what we do with God's money and and and we're trying to do that. But we thank you for your giving. Thank you for every dollar that you give to help the work of the Lord that God has called us to. Let's worship together as we give. Brother Kate sings. When he's finished, I'd like to have Brother Dylan come and uh if he has a song he could sing or give us a little testimony or something when Cad's finished. Let's have Brother Dylan to come and greet the church with something. It feels good in here this morning, don't it? I was watching a minister earlier this week and uh he had said if God has allowed it, he's made a way through it. And there's so much peace in that. And that's just resting on my heart this morning. Just uh sing the song with me. [Music] [Music] I've lost some friends down the road. This world ain't easy. Walk alone, but I'm finding peace like I've ever known. And despite all my trials, one thing remains. One man's been with me and he's never changed. Let me say I serve a good Oh, I serve a good good God. He stood in my fire without my request. He took all my burdens that settles arrest. He reached out his hand from a cry of pure faith. And that's more than I need to know of his saving grace. So I'll lift my hands out on what I can do. But just looking back on what he brought me through, he picked up the pieces when my life was a mess. And I'm so thankful that he never left. I spent a liime trying to walk on water. Kept looking down and kept finding it harder. Stay above the waves. When I was thinking I'd drown. I threw up my hands and pulled me out and he lead me on the path that led back to him. He turned all the lights when everything looked so dim. And that's when I knew I found what I've been searching for. Oh, and he stood in my fire without my request. He took all my burdens at the set to rest. He reached down his hand from a cry of pure faith. And that's more than I need to know of his saving grace. So I'll lift my hands not on what I can do. But just looking back on what he brought me through. He picked up the pieces when my life was a mess. And I'm so thankful that he stood in my fire without my request. He took all my burdens that settles the rest. He reached out his hand from a cry of pure faith. And that's more than I need to know of his saving grace. So I'll lift my hands out on what I can do. But just looking back on what he brought me through, he picked up the pieces when my life wasn't messed. And I'm so thankful that he never left. Oh, he never left. He never left. And he never left. I need your glory. I want your glory. Less of me and more of you is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Less of me and more of you is what I need. Sing that again. Oh, I need your glory. I want your glory. Less of me and more of you is what I need. I want you glory. Show me your glory. More less of me and more of you is what I need. I want your glory. I need your glory. More less of me and more of you is what I [Music] need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Whole less of me and more of you is what I need. I want you glory. [Music] I want you glory. Lord, I want you glory. [Music] I want your glory. I want your glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. We heard last night what it'll take for the glory to come. too many people excited about it. It will require death. That's right. Just as John the Baptist recognized when the Messiah came on the scene, I must decrease so that he can increase. The message is still the same in 2025. In order for Jesus to be seen, in order for Jesus Christ, to be seen wherever I walk, it's got to be me decreasing so that he can increase so that it's not me that's being seen, but only him. Thank you, brother Cade. Brother Dylan, come. You can have your seats if you'd like. We invite Brother Dylan Robson from North Carolina. God bless you. Hallelujah. Thank you. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. You know, Brother Steve said, "I'm back at home." I feel that way. You know, I brought my wife this time and um my daughter, Jubilee. Amen. She's a little jubilee. That's right. Amen. We certainly love you, brother Steve. We love you. Amen. We have a good father, don't we? How great is he? He's great. Amen. Well, the [Music] splend of the king. Oh, clothe in mesty. [Music] All the earth rejs himself in light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see. How great. How great is our [Music] God. Try that again. The splendor of the king. The splend of the king. Oh, he was clothed in manesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. Oh, when darkness tries, it tries to hide it. It trembles at his voice. It trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all we'll see. How great, how great is our God. H2. Oh, and H2H he stands. Oh, when time is in his hands, the beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. Oh, our Lord Jesus, our Lord Jesus Christ, he was the perfect sacrifice, the perfect sacriice. [Music] Oh, he's the lion and the lamb. He's the lion and the lamb. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. Oh, how great is our God. And all we'll see how great how great is our God. H2. Oh, and H2H he stands. Oh, and time is in his hands. The beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. Oh, our Lord Jesus Christ. He was the perfect the perfect sacriice. He's the lion and the lamb. He's the lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God. Name above all names. Oh, he's the name above all names. Oh, and he is so worthy of all our praise. In my heart, we'll sing. How great is our God name above. Oh, he's the name above all names. Oh, and he is worthy of all praise. Praise him today. In my heart we'll sing. How great is our God. Oh yes. Oh, and how [Music] great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh yes, and he's the name above all names. Oh, you are worthy of all my praise and my heart will sing. How great And how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, the trial of this world was getting closer. And the pole I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving [Music] over. And the strength within myself just wasn't there. And something keeps holding me. [Music] Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me [Music] constantly, giving me victory. Oh, he's my [Music] real Jesus is holding me. Oh, and Satan laid before me. His temptation. Oh, of his desire to steal away my faith. Oh, but I have found in time the [Music] revelation. Oh, the strength I need to keep me by his grace. And Jesus is holding me. Every day I see Oh, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. My trials are many. He's guiding me [Music] constantly, giving me victory. Oh, he's my reality cuz Jesus is holding me. If you know it, sing it now this morning. Oh, Jesus is holding me. Every day I see. Oh, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trial. He's guiding me [Music] constantly, giving me victory. Oh, he's my real Jesus is holding me. And oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] He gave his life. What more could he give? And know how he loves you. And know how he loves me. Oh, how how he loves you and me. And oh, how he loves you and [Music] me. Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] He gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Sing that chorus one once again. Oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. [Music] Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my [Music] soul. My rest is complete. While I sit at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Sing again. Sweep over [Music] my sweep over my soul. Oh sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. My rest is complete while I sit at your feet. If you're able, would you stand together with us and sing again? Brother Shelley comes to minister the word. Let the Holy Spirit sweep over you. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. My rest, my rest is complete. While I sit, while I sit at your feet, sweet spirit, sweet spirit, sweep over. God bless you, Lord. Let's give the Lord just a real real real enthusiastic hand clap. Oh, we can never thank you enough for what you're building here in this service. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] He's so good. He is so faithful. He will build you a pavilion. He'll make a little bubble for you if you want him to. And he'll let you get right in that presence with him. And the one sitting right next to you may not feel one thing, but he'll let you if you so desire. I found my bubble today. Hallelujah. I couldn't think about what you were doing or experiencing or feeling because he was so rich and so real to me. Aren't you glad to be in the house of the Lord today? Don't be rushing us. I'm so thankful that Brother Dylan sung that extra song and had Sister Rachel to come and sing it because it ministered to me. And I'm thankful that I know who's holding me. It's Jesus. I think I'm going to go get back in my bubble. It's Jesus that's holding me. I'm thankful that he still does. I want you to give thanks to God. And it's a little hot here. Uh I want you to give thanks to God for these musicians and the backup singers and the worship leader, the staff, all that group up there. I mean, the media team. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God is good. Amen. I was just thinking as they were singing that song. I've known Sister Rachel's family for over 30 years. And who would have ever thought that a North Carolina girl like that? I remember when her mom and dad did not have children and were believing God and God gave him a miracle, several miracles. He's a miracle working God. Who would have ever thought that a North Carolina girl would have found a a Arizona boy and end up in North Carolina close enough to come and visit us. I'm thankful for that. I'm really thankful and I believe that that his whole heart is in doing something for Jesus. And yours ought to be too. Mine ought to be too. Amen. We ought to give him everything we have because this is the last of the last of the last. It's now or never, folks. I'm going to wait on you to get in here now. This is it. This is it. Only one life will soon be passed. Only what's done for Christ will last. But this is the closing hours of time. And what we do now is going to matter the most. And that doesn't include warming a pew. I would I tell you if I if I had to, I would run as fast as I could to the city of refuge because this is the hour to find your ark. The enemy's wild. He's getting wilder by the minute. And he's out to steal, to kill, and to destroy. You believe that? And he wants to do it in Christian families. He wants to do it everywhere and anywhere that a door will be open to him. So if there's ever been an hour to find your city of refuge, this is the hour to do that. It's now. It's time. You're hiding always, of course, in Christ. But I wouldn't dry up and die and blow away if I were you. I would find a a an atmosphere. I would build an atmosphere where the oil of the Holy Spirit can flow down. Amen. Is that the best you can do this morning? Can I have a little more? Amen. Amen. Can you get a little more with us? I saw Benjamin dragging us, so many of us into worship. That's when I found my bubble. I said, "Lord, it just doesn't matter to me. Uh uh you know, I uh know what it means to be tired and I know what it means uh to be weary and I know what it means uh to let your mind wander. But I'm telling you uh do everything you can not to be in that position as the word would come forth today because God wants to help us. If you believe the Lord wants to help us tonight, let me let me see your hand or today. I I'm sorry about saying tonight. I know it's not tonight. Uh we have some birthdays this week and I I hardly want to take time, but it's not because you're not very special. So, let me do it very very quickly. Uh well, what what about the blessing of having Sister Lily here one day before her birthday? Uh her birthday is tomorrow and uh we want to wish her a very happy birthday ahead of time and uh on the on Tuesday the 10th uh little Mercy turned seven. Is that right? Did I get the number right? Mercy turned seven. She was singing last night. I could hear her singing at the top of her strength giving God praise. And it's also Brother Magnus's birthday on Tuesday. And uh I know Sister Ginger would like to be with him. He would like to be with her, but they're apart right now. But we're sending a very happy birthday. Be sure to pass it on. Wherever Ginger is, be sure to pass it on to Brother Magnus. And although they don't attend church faithfully here in person, uh, Sister Martha especially is a faithful streamer. And um, they have a 25th anniversary, if I've got the numbers right. 25th wedding anniversary on Tuesday. Wednesday, Ariel Jernigan turns uh, stupenda 16. Now, how did that happen? I remember being in the living room while she was being born in the bedroom and I remember the look on her Mimi's face uh when she came out of the room and said, "Pray, Brother Shelly, now the cord is wrapped around her neck." I believe they said three times, two or three times. Jennifer, did they say that or am I making that up? just once wrapped around her neck. And the the truth is, if you've ever seen a blue baby, she was blue when she was born because of that cord cutting off her oxygen. But it didn't take her long to pink up and to be one of the prettiest babies I've ever seen in my life. And she is 16 years old on Wednesday. And that makes me feel like an old man. on Thursday, Sister Sharon's birthday. She is faithful to remember everybody's birthday, to show them some love and to pray for them, too. And her birthday is on Thursday, and we want to wish her a happy birthday. Thank her for the gift that she is to all of us. And on Friday, Sister Alita, I know uh Papa is not here, but uh you all are you've made it 45 years on Friday. I think you all can make it now to the rest of the way. 45 years. Let's give God thanks for helping them. 45 years. That's a long time. to be married, isn't it? Yes, it is, pastor. It's a long time. It's a long time to be married to anybody, isn't it? Yes, it is, pastor. Yes, it is. Amen. We're going to have a lot of fun this morning. I can tell. Turn in your Bible, if you will. I want to carry this on just a little farther. I didn't know I would, but I have decided to. I want to take it just a little further and uh we'll even maybe do that in another session as well. I want us to turn to Galatians chapter 5. I'm going to read one verse verse 24. And they that are Christs, that is a possessive word there, apostrophe s, they that are Christs, have what is that next word? crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts that are tied to that flesh. Do you understand that? Now, that word crucified there is a word that means to drive down a stake. They that are Christ have driven a stake right through their flesh, and they have accepted the finished work of the cross. And the affections and lusts of the flesh are dead. Now, that's what the word said. If you believe that, you ought to say, "Amen." Amen. May God add his blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. Uh I want to read again for those of you who may not have heard. I'd like to just quickly read the little quote from George Fox that brother Gley was referring to. Would that be all right? I knew Jesus and he was precious to my soul. But I found something within that would not be sweet and patient and kind. I did what I could to keep it down, but it was there. Anybody relate to that? I besought Jesus to do something for me. And when I gave him my will, Hallelujah. When I gave him my will. And in order to give him our will, we must stop defending ourselves. We have no excuse. And therefore, we must not spend any time or effort defending ourselves. Instead, we should utilize all that time to surrender our will. Not my will, Lord. Not my will, Lord. Not my will, Lord, but your will be done. Do you believe that? All right. And I asked him, I besought him to do something for me. And when I gave him my will, he came in and he took out all that would not be sweet. and patient and kind and then he shut the door. Now, I appreciate that. I appreciate reading what George Fox had to say. He was the co-founder of the Society of Friends or the Quakers. He was a part of what we would call the sanctification or holiness movement. Uh he was considered a Puritan. uh what we would sometimes call a pilgrim, a purist at the word. And he was a part of a people who emphasized sanctification as another installment of grace. I also embrace that because I believe that though we are washed by the water of the word, it is not a once and for all deal. We are even today we're being cleaned up and cleansed by that word. Sanctification has to begin. That's right. But it's yet a process of God refining us and shaping us and molding us into his image. If you are like George Fox and like me and you have found something something in you that struggles yet to be uh kind and patient uh and loving then perhaps it's because you and I have not yet surrendered our full will to the Lord. Uh it's a laid down will. It's only dead men walking. It's only dead men who have the opportunity to see the glory of God. And we we are going to have to enter into his death and walk in it and remain in it and choose to be there with him in death and in resurrection. And we're going to have to consider that in his death, every sin that I would or have ever committed, it was already judged at the cross. Is that what the New Testament tells us? The penalty has already been paid. You're not paying the penalty. The penalty was paid on your behalf. Amen. He did it for me. He stood in mystead. He that knew no sin became sin. That is not just bearing sin like a load on your shoulder. The word there is become. He became sin so that you and I could have all of that settled when we take our fellowship with him and with the work of the cross. Amen. Amen. I'm very thankful for that. Now, folks, we want to go somewhere, don't we? You think you might stir yourself just a little, stir your faith just a little and and come, let's have church together. you want to wake up a little bit and be a little alert and see what the Lord will do for you. Uh if not, I wouldn't be offended if we just have a little prayer and uh go to lunch and go home and take a nap. It would certainly be all right with me. But what I'm not going to do I is is work myself into a sweat if you would rather be somewhere else. So, if you are ready now for just a little while to pull on that word and not be distracted by anything or anybody around you, then I'm here. I'm here and I'm ready and I'm willing. And I believe God wants to get something across to you and to me. And so, we'll try this uh believing that whatever it is that is weighing us down that God will give us grace. I don't know what you might have worn in here today. I I know I have also at times been guilty of wearing something in here. And when I do that, I have to do like you. I have to come and say, "Lord, knock that off of me. I've got to get that off." Whatever that is, because I'll never be able to relive the Sunday morning service of June 8th, 2025. I only get one chance at it. And whatever God wants to do for me today, I don't want to miss it. I I don't want to miss it. And nor do I want you to miss it. And I believe that uh this kind of preaching, teaching is a joint effort. It it has to be our faith pulling for our own life. We We got to get rid of this this carnal mind. We've got to get it pulled down. We've got to to move into finding whatever that something something is and doing something about it. And and what we do is so small in comparison to what he's already done. That's the point that we we want to make sure that it is made today that carnal mind resist. When the spirit of the Lord comes, even a carnal mind will start resisting the spirit. I I don't want to go there, but today, why don't you and I make up our minds? We want to go wherever it is that he desires to take us. Romans chapter 6, beginning in verse 7 said, "For he that is dead is freed from sin." Hallelujah. Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him, knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more. I'm glad once and for all. Death has been settled. Death hath no more what? Dominion. Dominion over him. It doesn't have any dominion over you and I either if we keep this word for in that he died, he died unto sin once, but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God. Likewise reckon ye also yourselves. Reckon, reckon ye also yourselves. That means adjust your thought process and instead of seeing yourself still under the burden of sin, adjust your mindset and realize that it's all covered. And our requirement is to fellowship with that price that's already been paid on our behalf. The only thing necessary then is for us when we recognize that we have failed is to say, "Lord, forgive me. I'm sorry that I missed the mark and I want to do and be everything that you have made possible for me in your sacrifice. I'm going to keep going on. I'm not going to quit." Now, I've said so often times when you're dieting or you know, uh that's not a good idea because the first three letters of diet are die. E die. But you you if you're adjusting your your eating pattern, you know, you you think, well, I've worked so hard. I deserve a piece of pie. And the next thing you know, uh one piece didn't do it. And and and if if you're not careful, you will undo all you've done by petting yourself and telling yourself what you deserve. I deserve a treat. This is kind of how unbelief creeps up in our life. I I deserve to relax. I I deserve to have some kind of entertainment. I I deserve a few minutes to clear my mind. If you're not careful, the enemy will take advantage of that. He will open up a door into your inner man and he will wrestle you right out of the promises of God. And the devil doesn't have to defeat you. You will disqualify and defeat yourself. We sabotage ourselves by not every time making the right choice. I'm taking God at his word. I'm believing your word, Lord. Now he said, "Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body that ye should obey it in the lust thereof, neither yield ye your members," verse 13, as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin, but yield yourselves. Yield yourselves. Give up and let God. Somebody said, "How do you yield? Can you give me three steps to yielding?" Well, I don't know if I can drag it out to three steps. It's really simple. Really, it's more simple than what we've made it. It's let go and let God. Uh, you know, when I was a boy, we used to see these bumper stickers that said, "God is my co-pilot." Uh, and when I when I see that, I get an image in my mind of a car with two steering wheels. I'm on one side steering and God's on the other side and he's steering. How many of you know that'll never work? That will never work. What you need to do is let him take the wheel. You crawl in the back seat and let him drive. Let him lead. Let him guide. Let him be the one. A and stop trying to do it all yourself. Is that right? He's not our co-pilot. He's got to be the pilot. He's the leader. We're the follower. He's the one who goes before us as a forerunner and we follow after. Is that right? Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin, but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments, not of unrighteousness, but of righteousness unto God. Amen. For sin shall not have dominion over you. Is that right? For you are not under the law. Now, what law is he talking about? Well, if you're following the apostle in his writings, you will understand he's talking about the law of sin and death. You are not under the law of sin and death. You are under grace which the Bible calls the law of the spirit in Christ Jesus. That's liberty. That's not liberty to go against the word. That's liberty to make the right choice and to find the strength that you need to make it again and again and again. What then? Shall we sin because we are not under the law of sin and death but under grace? What did he write? God forbid. This is not a license to be carnal. This is not a license to be fleshly. This is not a license to choose unbelief. but rather this is a freedom to understand that we can't get good enough. It's his goodness. It's his righteousness that he dresses us in. Know ye not that, and this is very powerful here, don't miss this. Know ye not that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey? His servants ye are to whom ye obey. It's according to who you let drive. Right. If it's your desire driving, if it's your will driving, if it's what you want to see happen driving, you're liable to end up in the wrong location. But if it's the law of the spirit that's driving, he's never going to lead you into bondage. He's never going to lead you into unbelief. He's only going to lead you into the righteousness of Jesus Christ. Somebody ought to say, "Amen." Amen. I'll say it. I'll say it because it relieves such a burden off of our life that I've got to get good enough. I I've got to do it all just right every time. A and I'm not allowed uh uh even one carnal thought. Don't you understand that Jesus knows how the enemy is working overtime to pull you out of the program and the plan of God? And listen, listen here. He He He's extrauh vigilant and overly busy with you because you have identified yourself as a part of the bride of Jesus Christ. Satan has little to fear from the denominational church. She's too busy eating donuts on the front row. She's too busy wearing her cargo shorts and her baseball caps to church. She's too busy in this and that or the other. But it's you that have embraced the entirety of the word. It's you that have heard the eagle scream. It's you that have understood that you're not holding the word. The word is holding you. It's you that have understood that he saw you before you were ever born and he saw you choosing him and he gave you a prefix destiny that will take you all the way. He's not only Hallelujah. He's not only able to author your faith, he's able to finish it. The more attention you give your carnality, the more attention you give your flesh, the bigger it'll get. Oh, that old devil's never satisfied. You give him a little attention. And he just delights in that. Amen. All right. Know ye not that to whom you yield yourself servants to obey his servants you are to whom you you obey whether of sin unto death or of obedience unto righteousness. Oh Jesus we choose obedience today. We choose obedience to righteousness today. We don't choose another day. Not one more hour over there in this mindset of defeat of sin and death and unbelief. But today we identify with obedience and righteousness. Uh in the message, the greatest battle ever fought. Last night I read paragraph 129 to 132. I want to go to 136 and and read it. I think I perhaps also read this, but I'm going to share it again. Uh Caleb. Oh, I called him by his name. John Caleb is what I call him, but his name is Caleb John. He walked up here last night. I was staggering, so tired. And he pulls out his Bible and out of his Bible bag, he pulls out his notebook and he's turning the pages through the notebook. He said, "I've got to find the Bible section." I mean, he is giving me a an explanation of every Well, that's my that's my And he comes to his Bible section and he's written a prayer inspired by the sermon last night. Is he in here? What did it say? What did it say, John Caleb? Do you remember? Cast Satan out with a simple prayer. I like that. Don't you? Cuz here's what the prophet said. 136. How does he get in? Through this mind, this door, the battlefront standing there. Now, when you get the battle set in array, now the devil is sitting right through every heart this morning. He's sitting, this little girl's heart. He's sitting at your hearts. He's sitting all around. He's saying, "Oh, I've seen you try before. I've heard that before." Come on. 138. What did it say? Cast him out. Cast That's all. Cast him out. What did the Bible say here? Cast him out. Casting him out. We've been trained. Who trained us? The word. Cast him out with a simple prayer. He cannot stay where he is not welcome. If you give him uh one little inch, you know what will happen? There is not a day that goes by that you and I can afford not to encounter the presence of Jesus. Every day. Somebody said every day. Well, how in the world do you think I could do it every day? Do you brush your teeth every day? You should you should you should your gum health is directly related to your heart health. It's very strange to think about the fact that you can take bacteria from your mouth and send it to your heart through your blood vessels. That's true. But it's true. And and if you're if you don't like those fancy toothbrushes, then you can do like my granddaddy said, they took a little cutting off of a sweet gum tree and scrubbed as much of the gunk off as they possibly could. I brushed my teeth every day more than once because I know now. I didn't used to know. As a kid, I never wanted to. As a kid, I had to be made. But once I understood that I could easily affect the the health of my heart by not brushing my teeth, brother, I want you to know I become very faithful. You do that every day. Don't you eat lunch every day? Most every day. If you don't eat lunch, you eat dinner or breakfast. You eat something. I can look at you and tell you're not starving to death. Don't you put on your socks every day? Maybe not in the summer, but every day. Don't Don't you don't you comb out your hair every day? Some of you can't answer because you look like you just got out of the bed. Uh uh there are so many things we do every day. So then we can certainly make sure that we have an engagement with the presence of the Lord every day. sit under the word every day. We can do it. There's got to be something smart about this thing. There's got to be some benefit to it. It's got to be more than just a time thief. Use it to sit under the word of the hour. Read your Bible. Brother Benham said a Christian reads his Bible not three times a week. every day. If I asked, I'm not, but if I asked, very few of us, unfortunately, would be able to save. I read mine every day. And this is why we have such a struggle with the something something because there's only one thing that can defeat the lies of the enemy and that's the word. Amen. Somebody say, "It's the word." Word. That's what defeats him. Not just once, but all the time. Every day of the week, cast him out. Make sure you have encountered the presence of the Lord every day. Amen. Sing. Sing to him. I may not want to hear you sing, but he does. And I like to hear you sing, too, if you can sing. I'm not real fond of caterwalling, but he is. You see, your pastor didn't say make a joyful noise. He did. What I say is make sure you've got with the the musicians and you know your key. That's what I say. But he says it don't matter whether it sounds melodious to anybody else. It doesn't matter whether you have changed the octave or whether you stay on pitch perfect or not. He wants to hear like Benjamin said I think this morning. He wants to hear your voice. He wants to hear you sing. He wants it to come from your heart. Doesn't matter what it sounds like going down the road in the truck. Sing him a song. Sing him a love song. Hallelujah. And he'll draw near. He'll draw near. If you draw nigh to him, he will draw nigh to you. It's a promise. And he's not a man that he should lie, neither the son of man that he would have need to repent. We got to do it. Well, I forget to do it. Write yourself a note. Hello. Write yourself a note. My my my I I I keep uh I keep that sticky note company in business. I keep them in business. Thank you, son. Because I have to remind myself of many, many, many different things. Things I ought to know. Things I ought to remember. I I I'm going to tell you something private. I'm going to let you in. I'm going to have to get me some waterproof ones and stick it in the shower because two times this week I have got out from the shower and realized that I forgot to rinse the soap under my right arm. But I don't think you ought to be telling that in the pull pit. I didn't ask you. And I'm standing there thinking, "What is wrong?" Yeah, I did. No, I didn't. Well, I don't want to get back in the shower, so I have to get a rag down. I have to rinse off. And you know, if you don't get all that soap out from under there, it'll itch. You'll be going to town itching like that. Whatever you have to do to remind yourself, it's a necessity. You don't want to go with soap under your arm all day. Whatever you have to do to remind yourself, I'm going to sing him a song. I'm going to read my Bible. I'm going to hear a piece of a sermon. I'm going to do something that causes me to be strengthened in the inner man so that I can every time, all the time, every time defeat the enemy. I will I will cast him out. Brother Caleb John as a with a simple prayer. I'll get it done. 1 Corinthians 15:31, I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord. I die daily. This is so contrary to our nature. It's also often times preached and it becomes contrary to the gospel. I mentioned a a scripture last night to know him in the fellowship of his suffering and how that is sometimes misapplied and people think that I I must suffer more. I've got to just keep on suffering so that I can be like the Lord. And you read that in context and that's not what he's saying at all. To fellowship with his suffering is not to keep suffering every day of your Christian life. That's a misunderstanding of the verse. It means that I must find myself identified with his suffering and understand that he suffered so that I don't have to always Amen. Suffer. It's a mixture of suffering and blessing. Aren't you glad? It's not always suffering. It's a mixture. Because what we must do is find oursel in that in that rock of ages in that place of the rock that has been smitten on your behalf and my behalf. We have to keep like the little eagle that has to go back to the to the rock that he was born on and clean up some of the things that life have caused harm to his body. You and I have to get back to the rock. We've got to go all the way back to the smitten rock. That smitten rock wasn't just a rock in Horeb, but Paul received by Revelation that rock. They all ate the same spiritual meat. They all drank. Hello. 1 Corinthians 10. They They all drank the same spiritual drink. They drank from the rock that what that followed them. And that rock was what? It was Christ. We've got to get back to the rock. Back to the Christ. I heard brother Brandham say again recently, I am convinced that we are not getting people to Christ. What do you think he would say today? When they preach two hours about a cloud, oh, I should have left that out. You'll go back to quiet. Some of you will. Streamers are clicking off. Go right ahead. Don't don't don't bother to hang around. But the truth is the truth. You don't have to continue to prove to somebody the supernatural nature of a cloud. That's not what we are called to do in this hour. Play the tape. Hear what brother Brandham said. Believe it if you have faith to believe it. But what our responsibility is as a five-fold ministry is not to convince people of the ministry of brother Brandham. Our ministry is to get people to Christ. Get them to Christ. Don't get them to us. Get them to Christ. Don't get them to a messenger. Get them to the message. And the message is the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. Some of that revelation lays on magnetic tapes and printed books, but everything there is not a part of that revelation. But here is what he said. The Bible is the revelation of Jesus Christ in fullness and in entirety. It's there. It's in the word. It's in the book. And when we hear our preacher say something that lines up with the book, we've heard the message of Jesus Christ. When we hear a prophet messenger say something that lays in that book with a doveetail, then we know that we have heard the message, the revelation of Jesus Christ. That's what we're that's the only thing that's going to get us beyond this great battle. Not quote you. You're not going to be able to quote the devil off your porch. I'm telling you. I know. I know I know that many will give it the same uh power, the same quality, the same inherency of scripture. That's an error. It's absolutely an error. That is not what he preached. That is not what he believed. And he said, in fact, if you embrace those kinds of things, you're looking to me. Don't look to me. Why would he say such a thing? because he knew as a human as as a man he would have the tendency to fail. But if he could get you really connected to the one who never fails, then when you find out that your pastor is a human or you find out that your prophet is a human, you won't be shaken right out of your faith. You'll run right to the rock. You'll go right back to the absolute again and again and again. Oh, that's why I don't make the big meetings [Music] anymore. I die daily. The amplified said, I face death every day and die to self. It's a decision. It's a decision. This means that the apostle Paul chose on a daily basis to deny himself and follow Jesus. It means that the that the Apostle Paul Oh, I forgot I gave it you to you. To deny his own thoughts, to deny the lies that Satan whispered to him through his flesh, to deny anything and everything that is contrary to the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. Let me read it again. This scripture, I die daily. It means that the Apostle Paul chose on a daily basis to deny himself and follow Jesus. To deny his own thoughts, to deny the lies that Satan whispered to him through his flesh, to deny anything and everything that is contrary to the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. That is how the Apostle Paul died daily. It's a daily decision. It's powerful. It's powerful. You say, "Well, why would I need to die daily if I'm already dead to sin?" It's it's simply because it's a daily decision. We keep making that right decision. One day, one day choosing to make the wrong decision, brother, and you'll find yourself on a bunny trail out there uh that you don't want to be on. It can happen. One wrong move and you'll be way out there somewhere. This spirit is a sed is a seductive and seducing spirit and it wants to pull you off the word. You got to know where where you stand and you can't know where you stand if you don't know the word you stand on. Is that right? God's provided way. Paragraph 27, he said, "And you're bound to be backsliding constantly because it's just about impossible to always be moving forward." And we define backsliding as not always going backward. Sometimes you can be backsliding standing still. There's a time to stand still and see the salvation of the Lord there. But there's a time to be moving when God says to move. If God's telling you to move into something spiritually and you're still standing still, did you know that's backsliding? Why? Why is that backsliding, pastor? Because he's up there. The pillar of fire is leading you on and you're back here. You're way back here and he's way up there. So, you don't have to be actively moving backward. But by not following him as he goes ahead, you're already finding yourself in a backsliding place. So, it takes what does it take? Constant prayer. A constant prayer to God. Paul said, "I die daily." Here he is quoting that portion of scripture. And if Paul had to die daily, how much more am I going? I'm going to have to stay dead all the time. If Paul had to die daily to stay right with God, and so we'll all have to do that. Just die out to ourselves, deny ourselves, and that's getting God's way. You follow this? Now, there's only two ways of anything. That's the right way and the wrong way. And them ways are your ways and God's ways. That's right. Right way, wrong way. Let let me say wrong way, right way. Right way, wrong way. Then brother Brandham says the right way is God's way. The wrong way is your way. And you can't be in your way and God's way at the same time. I'm often praying, Lord, help me not to get in your way. I don't want to be in the way of what you desire to do. I don't want some protocol, some starchy uh uh uh form or system uh some kind of imitation, some something something to to cause me to get in your way. I want to move when you move. I want to pause when you pause. I want to be fluid. Is there anybody else in this house that you have that desire? We like our comfort zones, don't we? And so God lets us camp a while. He lets the fire uh remain stationary for a while, but then there comes a time that God said, "I'm going to take you in to a deeper place." It's not some new revelation that we're talking about, but it is a further driving down of that revelation into your inner being. You're not looking for new truth. The truth is the truth. You're looking for God to make that truth so real to you that you can use that truth to defeat your enemy. That's where we are. That's what we have need of. I've got to move along now. Uh and I will try my best to do that. So he said them ways are your ways and God's way. And you can't be in your way and God's way at the same time. You got to forget your own way to get in God's way. And you got to get out of your own way to get in God's way. For as long as you're in your own way, you're out of his way. Is that complicated? Can you follow that? So forsake I die daily. Paul said, "It's a constant and daily perpetual decision to forsake my way and to choose his way." It cost you sometime. It cost you sometime lots. that little chorus that brother Cade went into there at the end of a song. I didn't know he was going to do that. And I have to be honest, I've wanted someone to sing that, but I sure wasn't going to put that on somebody because when I heard it, I heard it on a clip of a secular television show where people compete to see who is going to win a big recording contract or something. this big old dark skinned boy. How old was he? 17 years old. Walks out there in this little clip and and uh he's going to sing and that's what he starts singing. And oh my, I can listen to it over and over again and every time I hear it, it goes right way down into my inner being. Lord, show me your glory. I want to see your glory. I've got to see your glory. Less of me and more of you. I want to see your glory. And uh I thought, well, I would sure like for somebody to sing it, but if anybody's ever heard him sing it, I I think you'd almost feel like wouldn't be no need to try. But I appreciate the confidence that our brothers showed today to say, "Hey, I might not be that big and I might not be that skin tone and I might not be able to do them trills and squeals and whatever, but I'm going to sing it because nonetheless, it is the truth. Less of me and more of you because I want to see your glory. And only dead men see your glory. So I got to figure this out. For as long as you're in your own way, you're out of his way. So forsake your ways, forsake your thoughts, forsake everything, and just rely on one thing. Thus saith the Lord. That's all. Then you know you're right. Somebody said, "Well, then he must have certainly been referring to only the the tapes and the Of course, that's not what he was referring to. He's referring uh to the absolute." And he's referring to because if you if you believe that only brother Brandham knew anything about thus sayaith the Lord then you don't believe what he said because he said that little bride in the last days she would have thus saith the Lord or she would hold her peace. Yes. So there must be a people being prepared now who will use that authority of the creative spoken word to see God prove again himself to be the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's what I believe. And I'll never be satisfied with only testimonies of what he did. I have got to believe that he still will and that he still can. And like brother Greley said, well, sometimes we get tired of waiting, but we know that there's a promise and we got to get rid of some things. We've got to get rid of some of our our grieviances and our offenses and all that go along with that. And we've got to get rid of our own ways and choosing our own carnal thoughts. That's part of what we got to get out of our lives. Replace it with the mighty word of God. And then here's another one. Uh, Caleb, write this down. Get some of this and do something with this one. This is a good one. Uh, in 19 uh 54, oh, but it's good. Paragraph 86 of the invasion, he said, "Nothing less. He that will follow me, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and die daily." stay dead. How can he tell us in the same phrase, you've got to die daily and you've got to stay dead. How can you die daily if you're already dead? This is one of those paradoxes of the New Testament because the New Testament reveals that our death is in him. That's right. Therefore, he died and we died with him. That's what the New Testament teaches us over and over and over and over again. Colossians, Galatians, Ephesians, Romans, on and on. And we're taught that our identification is in his death. When he died, we died. And yet the same apostle said I have to die daily because it's it's a daily decision as we just said a daily decision to pull down a carnal nature to pull down that prickly nature and to always submit everything to to his nature to his will to his way. stay dead there on the cross. Now, I find a little something interesting here. I'm not trying to make a big doctrine out of this, but he nonetheless, he that will follow me, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and die daily. Stay dead there on the cross. The cross. He didn't say stay dead on your cross, but stay dead on the cross. There is both revelations of the New Testament in not only the same chapter as we've read it, but in the in the same quote of the prophet. You've got a cross to carry. Jesus said, "Take it up. Take up your cross and follow me." That's part of the instruction. And here is the other part of the instruction. And stay dead on the cross. the cross of Christ, the one where he died. Identify yourself while you're dying daily to the flesh. Continue to identify yourself with your death on the cross. Because there's some part of us that died on that cross when he died. If you believe that, you can squeeze out an amen. It's the hardest message that I've ever tried to present to this body. I've been presenting it off and on for over 20 years I think maybe even longer than that and people sometime want to draw up because they would rather believe that you have to uh spend the rest of your life in this guilt and condemnation and struggle than to realize your victory is one revelation away. You know how to deal with us. Get a revelation. Get a revelation that you died with him at the cross. And all you have to do is deny that part every day and say, "I choose your part, Lord. I choose what you've done on my behalf." Amen. If you uh someone asked me recently if maybe maybe shock therapy because they're using physical shock therapy to try to reprogram people who have perverted identities. And uh the reality is you I mean you'd you'd be electrocuted because until that devil is driven out of your life, those thoughts are always going to harass you. And therefore you you you you'd electrocute yourself if you're trying to rewire your brain that way. You that that is that could not be your answer. Your answer has to be making up your mind to deny yourself and choose the finished work of the cross. That's the only way. Then that devil has no place to stay. He becomes extremely uncomfortable with the atmosphere that you've created. Give me I was just fixed to finish that one. Sorry. Stay dead there on the cross. That's right. Agony. The way I'll take the way. You sing with the Lord's despised few. Is that the way you want to take? You'll never be in the big crowds. You'll never run with the best of the runners. But I tell you, you're running with the elect if you choose to remain with the Lord's despised few. Can anybody say amen? Amen. Romans 7:21, I find then a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me. Let me tell you what he said about it. Questions and answers. He said, "You are an outward man which isn't controlled by six senses. You are an inward man controlled by one sense which is faith. And this faith disagrees with all six senses. If the six senses doesn't agree with faith, one is contrary to the other. Now, as long as the six senses agree with the faith, wonderful. But when the six senses disagree with faith, then what? Leave it alone. Now for instance, Jesus made a statement, a promise. The inside man says that's true. Follow this slowly. The outside man reasons. It can't be true. Then ignore the outside man. And accept the inside man. Now, that's the same thing that Paul's speaking of. He was sold under the law. I'm going on to carnal sin. Every one of us is the same. That's the reason we have troubles. We do married four or five times. I want to say two or three times. and this and that and all kinds of sin and adulteries and everything else along in our lives. It's because of those things. It's because there's a carnal nature saying one thing and there's an inward man saying another thing. If you listen to the outward nature, it will always choose the way of the flesh. But if you listen to the inside nature, if you've been regenerated by the Holy Spirit, then you will always have a voice inside telling you God's way every time. We're carnal and that part must perish. Anybody hearing that? But then inside we're a spirit man, soul inside and that's faith in God's word. Then we bring our outside body under subjection to the word by faith by accepting what God said. He could never lie. He's trustworthy. And then Paul says in the next verse, stay with me another moment or two. In verse 22, he said, "For I delight in the law of God after the inward man." That word delight means to rejoice with one another. That inward man is the inside of the inside. In Romans 7:23 goes on, I'm just reading verse by verse. But I see another law in my members waring against the law of my mind and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. This is not a ranked sinner who's saying this. This is the first church age messenger. This is the apostle Paul. He recognizes that at all times there's another law that's trying to win. Yes, sir. Still there. Still something. Rising up to keep him from being patient and kind, etc., etc., trying to bring me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. Now, here's what brother Bram said about that verse. He said, Paul said, then questions and answers with my mind. Listen, with my mind, and I have the mind of Christ. Paragraph 102. I serve God with my mind, but my [Music] flesh, but with the flesh. Let me give you just a minute. That's 59 122359 paragraph 102 of questions and answers. Just questions and answers. Not number four, number three, number two. Paul said then, I just really want you to see it because it get it gets a little bouncy. Hallelujah. Praise God. He's worthy. I have the victory in Christ Jesus. Probably on the new that you sent this morning. You're just going to wait. Yeah. Unless they tell me they don't have it, then I'm going to go on. Good time to get a breath. Hallelujah. I hear somebody snoring. You know it's quiet in church when you can hear a kid snoring. I assume it's a kid. If it's an adult, throw a song book at him. Paul said then with my mind and I have the mind of Christ. You see he said I serve God with my mind but my flesh but with the [Music] flesh I'm serving the law of sin. He's telling us what Paul said in this verse of scripture. What is it my flesh says tonight? You're too tired. Let me make sure I make some eye contact here. This is his lie on Tuesday night to some of you. To the rest of us, he knows it's a waste of time. Brother Greley, I know you'll be ready, but but but wouldn't it just shake you a little bit or just disturb you or just make you think, what is wrong with that pastor of mine? If I texted you on Tuesday and just said, you know, brother, I've had a hard day today. I'm just a little tired. I don't feel very well. I'm feeling unwell and I I'm I'm not going to be there tonight. So, just do whatever you can do. And if I feel like it, I'll be there on Sunday. I know you're not going to say much. You're not going to laugh. You're not going to even smile. But it's the truth. How do you think I get here? Because I know there's not much of a choice if I don't let brother Gley know he's still a working man. And if I don't let him know ahead of time, he hasn't had any time to prepare. Would that be fair to do that to him simply because I just don't feel like? If you live by your feelings, I won't see you. That's why we don't see some today. They're living by their feeling this morning. I I if I do that, if I were to ever start doing that, I know the I wouldn't be able to stop. If I ever got to enjoy, not because I was sick, but just because I was tired of sitting at home in my boy, I have a recliner. just don't need me to get up real fast because I can't because you have to press a button to to get up to get out of it. You have to make it go down and come up. And uh if I could just experience once or twice sitting in that recliner watching the service, I believe I could have a good atmosphere at home. I believe I could. But if I ever did that a time or two, you know what had happened to me? my old flesh would say. They don't even need you over there. You just stay here and take it easy. Are you with me? Oh, somebody said, "I I'm not I can't come to church. I've got a headache." Only God knows the times that that brother Gley or brother Shelley have stood here for 30 plus years, 35 soon with a headache, with a belly ache, having to leave the pool pit for a minute or two to go to the bathroom. On my 50th birthday, I had to leave the pool pit to go and vomit so that I could come back and finish what I was here to do. But folks, you just have to make sure that you don't let your flesh win. If you're contagious, that's another thing. But but let me tell you something. Tiredness is contagious, too. It was all over this church this morning like a disease spreading faster than a virus. And you got to just do what you do and say, "I love what, brother. I love this. It's getting so quiet, but I'm good. I'm good now. Don't worry about me. I'm all right now." He said, "You're too tired. Your throat is too sore." I I've had people say, "I'm horse." I don't know how many times we've had to preach horse. How many times someone's had to lead the worship, Benjamin, lead the worship. Horse sometimes sore throat. Been out in the wind today. You shall not go to church tonight. I love the way he said you shall. It makes it religious. He knows what he's doing. You've been out in the wind today. You shall not go to church tonight. He said, "That's the law of the flesh. You've got an obligation. You have to be somewhere. You I understand that's not even faintly what we're talking about, nor what brother Brandham was talking." He said, "What is it? My flesh says tonight you're too tired." He said, "That's the law of the flesh." Now, my mind on the inside, the Holy Spirit said, "You keep your promise." You You remember you said, "Lord, I'll go where you want me to go. I'll do what you want me to do. I'll say if you'll just use me." That's like somebody who tells me, "I I feel like I'm called to be a missionary to the foreign field." And you ask them, "Do you know your neighbor's name? Have you ever invited your neighbor to find Christ? You know, the one you've been disputing with over the mailbox. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're not needed on the foreign mission field yet until you can learn to make whoever God puts in your life. I told you about the FedEx guy and somebody told me how frustrated Nathan was on uh after the service here the other night. He was frustrated and pretty sure that that was the same guy uh I'll just say that guy that had done that. You know, I told you he hit his head and he was seeing stars and I ran after him to tell him, "Please don't drive across the grass." And I was calm when I got there. Thank the Lord. I didn't have enough breath to be mad. And I said, "I'll pray for you." And I prayed for him. And a few days later, uh, Brother Josh, he come back again and come there to the back door, knocked on the door, and and I said, "Hey, aren't you the same fellow that was here?" "Yes, sir." He said, I said, "How are you feeling now?" He said, "Fine." I right away. He said, and I said, "Well, I I knew you were in pretty bad shape there when I prayed for you." He said, "I want you to know he's got he's got metal in places that God didn't put metal." I mean, I don't know what all I can't even look him right in the face hardly. And he's got uh tattoos coming up, I think, one side. I don't know what all is on there. He He looked right at me. He made perfect eye contact with me. And he said, "You may have saved my life." I I said, "Well, no. I if if your life was spared, it was the Lord." He said, "Well, thank you both." That's what he did. Thank you both. He said, "You made a difference for me. No need to think that you're needed in Africa when you can't be a light to the man that drives across your grass. Hello. You keep your promise. The flesh said you're too tired. See, now the flesh say now there's no need. You pretty little thing. Listen, you beautiful girls here. You beautiful, beautiful sisters here and all the rest of you young sisters. Now the flesh say there's no need. You pretty little thing. You're the prettiest little thing in school. Don't pay no attention to that holy roller mother of yours or that fanatic father. See, you're the best looking girl. You're the prettiest boy, the best looking boy, the best built. You're the most popular there in this city. You see, and you yield your members to that. You know when mama says go and pin that. Just because the manufacturer split it doesn't mean you have to to to embrace that style. And uh some of those things they split like that or else no one would be able to walk in them. So you need there'd be no need to come home with them. Don't even bring them home because by the time your holy roller mother says pin that up, you will be walking. I want to say you you'll be waddling like a little duck around here. You make fun mama. You old fashioned want to pin up that and pull up this. Present yourself as modest. The devil will tell you that's that mama. That's that Shelly. That's that preacher of your you. You don't have to do that. You're you're this, you're that, you're the other. You're missing out. You're losing out. There's a whole world out there. If you listen to that and yield your remembrance to that, where do you come out at? The little end of the horn. The little end of the horn. Every time there's a seducing spirit that'll never stop once the bangs go, it'll never stop. You don't have to say amen. You put on a little bit of this or that. It'll never stop. You'll fall in love with the glit glitter and the glint, the gleam. You will. Paul said, "My flesh wants always to yield to that." Your flesh does, too. But the law of the spirit of God in the heart overcomes the flesh. And makes the body obey what the heart says do. Can somebody say with brother Brandham, hallelujah? Hallelujah. Now the law of sin and death works in your flesh, but the law of the spirit of life works in your heart. So your heart, your spirit and your heart will make your body obey what it says to do. Now to the critic who had a little problem with my stick man and sumo wrestler analogy. That's what he's saying. Just different vocabulary. It works the same way. It operates the same way. Questions and answers number four now. And as long as you're in this life, you're going to be sticky. You're going to have a carnal nature that's going to bother you. It'll rise up. It'll creep up. Die daily as long as you live. But the inside of you, you're born again. And when you re when you're raised up, you're in the likeness of Christ. and all the sin has gone from you. That's the thing. So here he's telling us how to deal with that sticky, prickly, carnal nature. When it rises up, you die daily. You choose to replace that lie with the word. You say a little prayer. You cast the devil out. And you keep on walking. Now, if you've wronged somebody because of that prickly, carnal nature, you're obligated to make that right. Here's one more quote. Same sermon, paragraph 36. He said, "Somebody told me he had one time was converted, received the Holy Ghost, and he said to him, "How you getting along?" He said, "Pretty good and pretty bad." What kind of answer is that? A real one, an honest one. How are you getting along? I would rather somebody say pretty good and pretty bad than spew for an hour at how hard it is to live a Christian life. So go ahead and be honest. I'm pretty good. I'm pretty bad. He said, "Well, how do you mean pretty bad and pretty good?" He said, "Well, since me received the Holy Ghost," he's talking to an Indian chief. since me received the Holy Ghost. He said, "There's been two dogs in me and one of them a black dog and one of them a white dog." You are know you know this. You're familiar with this. He and he said they argue. Black dog, white dog argue all the time trying to get the bone, trying to get the upper hand. Right? He said they growl and fight at one another. Where did he say those two dogs were? Where did Paul say that law of sin and death was going against the law of the spirit? Right here. Right inside. They growl and fight at one another and said, "The white dog wants me to do good. The black dog wants me to do bad." Said, "Well, chief, which one of them wins the fight? Aren't you cheating? I want you to cheat. Read. I want you to read ahead of me there. Which dog is winning the fight? Well, don't blame that on God. Don't blame that on the devil. The answer doesn't belong to God. The answer doesn't belong to the devil. The answer belongs to you. He said that depends on which one chief feeds the most. So, I think that's a good answer here. See, there just depends on the waring of the body that's in you. It depends on which one you which one you cater to. Which nature you cater to? The carnal nature after the things of the world are the spiritual nature after the things of God. That does it. How many of you found out if you pet this carnal nature, it'll win every time? You don't have to do that. Can I have five minutes? Thank you. One more verse. Romans 7:24. Oh, wretched man that I am. You You ever felt miserable because of those two dogs growling in you all the time? Let me look around. See if anybody will nod their head. Have you ever had that struggle? I want to let go and let God right after I have punched you. I'm not saying you. I'm just saying that's the growl. I'm going to handle this. And then the white dog says just let go and let put your trust in the Lord. Lean not to your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge him and he will direct your path. I'm going to I'm going to take this into my I'm going to solve this problem once and for all. You ever felt that? Oh, you felt like you want to scream out, oh, wretched, miserable, confused, bipolar [Music] man that I am. Really, the root of of the word translated as bipolar is the same word that's used for a double-minded man. They're either uh manic or totally defeated, depressed. They're either hyper or in the throws of despair. This is not God's plan. If you are chemically that way, you need some help. If you are spiritually that way, the help you need is found in the truth of God's word. But if it's a physical thing that's driving your brain to that, you need some help. And help can be available for you. Oh, wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death? Brother Brandham tells us an answer in gyrus and divine healing. He said many times we judge people by their actions and sometimes we don't judge the heart because sometimes we don't know the heart. We can't see the heart. We can't see the real person or seeing what they do. And sometimes we define people as what they do. And uh that's easy. That's very easy because then we can make them the problem and not us. But the reality is it's only with spirit eyes that you would be able to catch a glimpse of how [Music] pure somebody's heart is. And yet you may see them uh banging their way through life. Have you ever known somebody that moves like a bull in a china closet? And so you judge them that way and you say, "Why?" They don't have any regard for anybody. They just push their way in everywhere they go. They don't even care if they've been invited into the conversation. They they just they they just come right up and just blurt right in. They must really think highly of themselves. Did you know that could be the case? It can be. I've seen it to be the case, but that's not most often the case. We are dealing with so much social dysfunction in our society today. And I promise you, you don't want to hear all the reasons why I believe that is so. But we're dealing with so much uh ADHD and autism. The scale of autism is getting higher and higher, wider and wider and wider and wider because people are becoming wired wrong and differently. Not by birth or genetic, but by environment, by lifestyle. And once you've wired yourself to have a short attention span, it's a lot. It takes a lot to break out of that. Don't you know Satan knew that when he invented scrolling? Don't you know that he knew that this would be one other way that he could keep people from from hearing the word because their attention span would be so short and even if they were trying to read their Bible on their phone, they couldn't get very far for all the notifications and the dings. And because we have rewired our brain to care, really, we shouldn't be so disturbed. Like I said last night about Elon and President Trump disagree. I don't care. I'll be honest with you. I don't mean to be disrespectful. I don't care if they wrestle on the front lawn of the White House. It has nothing to do as long as Elon will walk off and use his genius brain to do good things and President Trump will get back in that White House and make some things happen. Uh if he wants any kind of support from me other than my prayer, we better get those hostages out. what few of them are alive. I don't have time to be concerned about the politics of some Twitter war or some ex war that's going on between them. So, here I am reading the Bible and Fox News will interrupt me to tell me that Elon, did you know this? You can fix that. You can shut that down. Some of you gamers, I I don't know how you could ever get into that kind of an addiction because it's one of the most dangerous things for the chemistry of the brain. It's being proven every day. Here you are. I heard my pastor. He's going to get quiet. Oh, if you're going to get mad and go home and not eat lunch, go ahead and do it now. I'll eat yours. Brother, you're reading a scripture. Pastor said we got to read the Bible every day. Well, if you really want to help your brain, read it on a page. Yes, sir. Because any minute or two that you can take away from the blue light of this phone will help you tremendously. But let's just say, you know, I I'm you're not there yet. You commit to reading three verses, but you are not committed to reading it in an old-fashioned leatherbound Bible. You got to have it on the screen. So, you are there and you'll get a notification. Uh uh I don't even know. J, can I use your name? I'm just making it up. I've never had a notification like this, but there'll be one that'll pop up and said, "Jia is waiting for you on Words for Friends." Is that what they call it? Words for Friends. You ever played that? Yes, I did a time or two years ago, but I didn't want to be on that much because I don't care if you're waiting on me. I have a life. Somebody said, "U, I texted you the other day and you didn't answer me right back. Get used to it. I only have 24 hours in my days. I don't know about yours. I can't possibly do. I can't possibly respond every time. It's bigger than I can do." But here you are trying to read three verses of scripture and Gia is waiting on you friends of words with friends. Bubble burst Minecraft. Is that what they call this rage today? Is that what they call it? Is that mind? M I ne or mind? Which is it? M I N E Minecraft. Do they notify? Don't act like you don't know. I'll call your name. Did they notify? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Uh I know you don't really know, Aaron. You're just you're just quoting from somebody else. You know, you're asking you're commenting for a friend, right? Commenting for a friend. Don't you think the enemy knows what he's doing? Did I just take up my five minutes? I'm going to need five more. You're just trying to read three verses. Here's what I love. I love when somebody I love texts me and I can't answer them right away. And uh before I can uh get back, I'm getting question marks or or this emoji. I thought sometime I'm going to tell Benjamin, would you take a picture of the closed bathroom door and send it to soand so and let them know I can't answer them right now. There's no need to knock. There's no need to question mark. It it's it's overwhelming. And I don't I don't uh think that uh I I think if I didn't have texting I I would have I'd be on the phone all all day every day all day long. So So I I can't exactly do away with that. But I've got to make up my mind. You've got to make up your mind that if you don't start feeding that white dog a little more, the war is going to tear you apart. Now watch, let's go through this and close. Many times we judge people by their actions and not their heart. You know, I've often thought back here, there here is the spirit of a man. Next is his soul. The next is his mind. And then in his fle is his flesh. Now if you took that for thus sayaeth the Lord, brother Brandham has just made you quadruple instead of tripartate. Now that's not what he's trying to preach. He's trying to explain to us those different functions and how they operate in us. But if we understand from the word, the mind and the heart are connected because it is the seat of the emotions. We're not talking about the blood pump. Is that right? So, he's not giving you this diagram. He's just showing you what is what is in there. He said the next is soul, the spirit, the soul, the mind, and then the flesh. All right? Satan does not tempt down in here. He said he tempts out here in the flesh. For instance, you go down the street tomorrow, you're walking along singing Christian songs and somebody says, you know, she or he is just a hypocrite talking about you there. There's now the first thing your flesh picks that up in the ear and suggests to the mind, you know, how dare him call me a hypocrite. Get even. I've got to get even with him. He said time it gets back here. I don't know where he's pointing. Vengeance is he says this back here says vengeance is mine saith the Lord inside. I will repay. See that's it. He said so Satan tempts out here. You see he doesn't get down in here because it's immortal. It's the flesh that he tempts. So Satan tempts out there. Now, don't forget that you've got something that connects your flesh to the inside of the inside. I call it a soul. Most believers call it a spirit. Call it whatever you want to. Just understand that it's made up of mind, will, and emotions. No doubt about that. That's very, very clear in scripture. Your flesh picks up. Your ear suggested the mind. Satan temps out here. So, Satan temps out here. You see, he doesn't get down in here. That's immortal. It's a fleshy Tims. I think I put that twice. I didn't mean to, but that's good. Young man going down the street. Young Christian boy, young lady coming immorally dressed. The eye picks it up. That's the eye gate. The flesh suggests to the mind, "Oh, she's really looking good." I'm I'm I said that. That's not the quote. Then time it gets to the mind, it goes down the soul, the soul of man is the nature of the spirit, which could actually be 100%. Not taking time to quantify that, qualify that. Now, when the soul gets there, that the spirit says, "Whoever lookth upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery in his heart already." The young man turns his head and walks away. [Music] See, thank God. Thank God he did. Thank God I did. Thank God you did. That's down here is where it's got to be. Not out here. It's got to be down in your heart where it's got to come from where God lives. Let's stand. I'm so glad that his blood has settled this score and his word is equipping us to defeat the enemy. A precious sister shared a little piece of testimony with me. something that she had found out in her own life and that is you cannot replace a thought, a bad thought, a negative thought with another thought and find the victory. The only way to find the victory is to replace that negative thought with the word of God. That's the positive. There's got to be a verse. I preached and taught during the the series on the mind about affirmations. And when you say that, people go crazy because they uh because they think that has to be some new age kind of meditation thing. But but it's just making a positive confession over your life, which the word has taught us and the prophet has taught us. I am what God says I am. I am what the word says I am. My victory is in Christ. And you can go on and on and on. I gave you a list one time of of scriptural affirmations that you can make from the word. You can find them. You can write them down and underline them in your own Bible and use them to die daily because only dead men see the glory of God. Amen. Amen. We must all be I had a text from a dear brother this morning that said, "I'm a dead man walking." That's exactly what we are. There's a part of us that's graveyard dead and there's a part of us that's very much alive through the resurrection life of Jesus Christ. Now, let's stay on the cross. Let's stay dead. Let's use a simple prayer. Didn't I call the musicians? Did I not? Can't you all read my mind? It's a good thing. What about the first 10 minutes of my message? You wouldn't wanted to read my mind. Let's watch him walk. There goes the boy who knows so much about Minecraft. What if I were to ask you to stand up here with a microphone and recite for me the books of the Bible in order or do what my school my Bible school teacher went to a Bible school class and they asked me if I could recite the books of the Old Testament backwards. I said, "No, don't believe I can. I've been following the Lord for years and I still have a thumb index in my Bible sometime because I have to I guess if I had so many sticky notes maybe I could put that on there too. You ought to know the books of the Bible. We should make sure in our homeschool that we teach our children the books of the Bible because they need to know where to get a hold of what they need to get a hold of. Had a daddy say to me not too long ago, I my kid has a phone, so I've never bought them a Bible. I said, shame on you, brother. They need a Bible because one day they may not have that phone or they may have it and it may be no good. They need a Bible. They need to be able to find the answer to life's questions. There is so much cyber war and so much uh ability now with artificial intelligence etc. Did you hear in the news that they caught this couple, Asian couple with a uh bacterial variant that they were bringing from the east to contaminate our wheat? You hear that in the news? Do you realize that uh there are enemies plotting against this nation and against Hello. We should probably encourage our children to eat those things they don't like in case they can't always get what they like. I don't know how it will be, but I know this. There's only one way out, and that's through the word. I made somebody pretty mad because I said this to them. I said, 'Well, I guess all of us could do a better job at teaching our children the importance of the message that God has given us through a prophet. Because if somebody hears this truth and uh and thinks that they can just uh go and be Baptist or go and be Methodist or go and be some other denominational form or fashion, they didn't get somehow a revelation of the importance of this truth that God has sent to us. You can say amen or o me. It is the truth. The greatest fear that I had in those years that I was uh speaking among the charismatics was that my children would lose their appreciation of the message of the hour and find their spouses in that mess. And so far by the grace of God only by his grace that has not been the case. We have got to help our our kids. The the cream of the crop. As I stood among those young sisters last night praying with them and over them and and you other prayer warriors who come to pray, I realize that they are so valuable and they matter so much. You do too, Aaron. Even though I picked on you and you do too, Carter Jubel, you matter so much because you represent the future. If Jesus carries and if the message of the hour matters little to us, it won't matter much at all to them. So while we are not called to venerate and vindicate a man, we are called to defend the gospel and the revelation of Jesus Christ and teach our families the importance of a message of separation that says come out of her and be separate sayith the Lord. God give us grace to do that. Lord Jesus, thank you for your word of of life and deliverance. And we have no excuse. I I tell you, I didn't get through these verses, but there they're there so many of them that they leave us inexcusable. We we just have no excuse because you tell us almost on every page of the of the epistles, you tell us that you've made the way. The way is made for us to overcome. And then you send a prophet who talks so plain and so simple that we all can have this image of two dogs. Is this a good day or a bad day? Well, it depends on which of those dogs, those natures I'm feeding. Lord, would you give us grace to ask ourselves about the things that steal our time? Which dog am I feeding with this? Oh, it's only by the Holy Ghost that we will be able to discern and have strength to make a better choice. Lord, may we stop identifying ourselves by our sin. And may we stop identifying ourselves by our disease. Yes. I'm a this, I'm a that, I'm a the other. And may we start identifying ourselves with the precious word of God that tells us, let the weak say. I hear people say, "I'm so poor, I couldn't rub two nickels together." And the word said, "Let the poor say, I am rich, and that is because of you, Lord." Every good and perfect gift comes from you. The bank account may not register that we're rich, but as the old song said, we're rich in faith and hope and love. We've got more than our share. It's because of you that we have what we have. Breathe on us in this hour. Give us grace to worship you with everything that we have. Bless our fellowship, Lord, today. May somebody get a hold of a promise that they can use to defeat the enemy. We'll give you praise. Jesus, you're worthy. You're worthy. You're worthy. You're worthy. Jesus. What a song. Than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than houses or lands. I'd rather be led by his nail pierced hands than to be a king of a vast no and beheld in sin dre [Music] Oh, I'd ra [Music] Jesus this world a [Music] rather have Jesus than men's applause. Oh, I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. Yes. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. Oh, I'd rather be true to his holy name than to be a king. Anybody else want to come? our way out and [Music] beh Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than anything that this old world [Music] And I' rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than house or landless. I'd ra be led by his name. more than to be a king of abs. [Music] Oh, I'd [Music] ra this old world afford them to be a king of a vast do and beheld in [Music] sway. Oh, I'd [Music] ra this world. to Jesus. I surrender all. To him I freely give. I will ever love and I'll trust him in his presence. Daily live. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. [Music] Oh, to thee. My blessed savior I surrender all and all to Jesus high. Surrender humbly at his feet I worldly pleasures all forsake and take me Jesus take me now. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, to thee my blessed Savior I surrender all. to Jesus. [Music] Make me save your holy night. And let me feel the holy spirit truely know that thou art mine. Oh, I surrender all. Oh, I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. Oh, and I surrender all. Make that your prayer. Oh, I surrender all all to you, Lord. Oh, all to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Only you know what you need to surrender to him. But in an atmosphere like this, it helps so much to make that commitment. You identify what part of your will needs to bow and say, "By your grace, Lord, by your grace, I'm going to choose your will and reject mine." Would you do that right now? Here we are, Lord. The same for one is not the same for all. But the need for us all to surrender our will is the same. There are certain parts of who we are that we may hold on to and it may not be what the neighbor standing around the altar with us would need to. But Lord, without your grace, it doesn't matter how big or how small, we would never be able to choose your will over ours. Would you cover us right now like a blanket? Several times I could feel the Holy Spirit drawing near to surround us. Would you surround us, Lord? May you find a a place to to light, to lodge, to remain. And would you give us the grace that we need? Oh Lord, the mind battle has wearied some and has watered down their faith. But we believe today that your word feeds our faith. And we pray that faith will arise in this house to take you at your promises. Father, may we find that strength we need to confess your word in every situation because you have identified yourself as the high priest of our confession. A prophet told us that it's what we confess that you bear toward the throne. Oh God, I better be careful what comes out of my mouth. I should be careful what my confession is. So we surrender, Lord, today. Would you help us to go out of here today with a fresh determination to starve the dog that causes us the trouble and to let your righteousness [Music] triumph? when we get tired of waiting, would you come and comfort us? Because you said, Lord, that if we would not be weary in welloing, we would reap, we would receive a harvest in due season, in the right season, in the right moment. Father, forgive us for trying to rush you out of your divine season and and and choose our timing instead of yours. Fill us with love for one another. And may there be something in us that wants to see each other succeed in the faith. And may we do more than just root and cheer for one another. May we be willing to to pick up a brother, to pick up a sister, to hold up their weary hands, to strengthen their feeble knees, and to encourage them not only with words but by example. Lord Jesus, may we make you our number one priority in all things. For you said it was your desire to have preeminence in all things. Amen. and we will give you glory, honor, and praise for it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. And the saints said, "Amen." Amen. Benjamin, I want you to sing one more song. We're leaving in a minute, but I want you to sing one more song while we're around the altar. I'm a child of the King. I want us to sing that as an anthem as we get ready to go. And I want to show you just a very very very short clip uh before you actually leave the the building today. So let's sing this with him. Are you are there any children of the king here? What a question. I don't see anybody that's not. I see a lot of children of the king. Well, I'm not a child. Well, I am. And I I see it a lot. We have to be like little children when we come to him. We can't uh hobble. We can't stomp in, you know, with hobnail shoes where angels fear to trod. We just come softly and humbly like a child. I want you to love one another as you sing this. I want you to consider that the person that you're shaking their hand or hugging their neck. I want you to consider I I am uh uh greeting another child of the king. May I see the value in that and pray for them beyond the service but carry them in my heart. Sing it. Once I was clothed in the ranks of my sin, I was wretched and poor. I was lost and lonely within. heart with wonderous compassion, the king of all kings in pity and love. He took me under his wings. Oh yes. And oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His ro you see his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. And I who was rich and born now can save. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Oh, now I'm a child with a heavenly home. You see my holy father. He has made me his own and I'm cleansed. Oh, by his blood can I glow in his love. You know, someday I'll sing with all the angels above and Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh, his royal blood it now flows through my veins. And I who was rich and poor and now can sing. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Sing it one more time. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child. I'm a child of the King. His royal. His royal blood now. It now flows through my veins. And I who was rich and poor, now can save. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. You believe that? Give him a praise. Why don't we get you musicians to go down too so that you can get a good uh glimpse of this uh little video that's going to be released on social media. Our next bimonthly fellowship meeting will be August the 2nd and the 3. August the 2nd and the 3, Saturday night, Sunday morning. We'll try to have you some better preaching in August than uh in June. But we will have our camp meeting October 7th through the 12th. and uh the theme of the camp. Well, I won't tell you. I'll I'll let the video tell you. But any questions about the dates of the next fellowship meeting or the camp meeting? I will tell you that we have already had a quite a host of people telling us that it is their deep desire to be with us this year at camp meeting. So, if you have any pools or need uh a place to stay, you better try to get your reservations in pretty early uh locally in the body. And uh we will try to make sure that we have gotten the best rate that we can get for hotels because we are expecting this year uh to be a bigger year than than last year. And uh it delights us. Feels a little tiring right this minute, but we're going to we're going to have a real great time in the Lord. I'm looking forward to it. I must be the only one, but I I'll look forward to it enough for for all of us. If you'll just dim the lights, it'll only take a few seconds and then we will rush home. Emphasis on rush, but safely. Get our food and come back. We need to be mindful of those who have a long way to travel. So, you don't have time to go home and shine your shoes to come back. You got to get over here with your with your food. And then the saints said, [Music] [Music] "Amen." Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me and you have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, you're my living hope. Yeah. Hallelujah. We praise the one who set free. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] That excites me. See all those happy people worshiping the Lord. Let's stand. Last time, the Lord go with you and keep you and bless you. May his countenance shine upon you. And may God grant you that great shalom, that great peace that only comes from him. Amen. Amen. You're dismissed to go now in the name of the Lord. God bless you as you leave tonight or today or nearly tonight. Meet us at the bottom of the hill. God is so good. God is so good. Bless you. God is so good. He's so good to me. I love him so. I love him. [Music] So I love him so he's so good to me. He answers prayer. He answers prayer. He answers prayer. He's so good to me. [Music]
