################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Steady in the Storm The Ministry of a Lighthouse Father - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    Steady in the Storm: The Ministry of a Lighthouse Father — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdTLVClAoHI
========================================

Description:
Pastor Steven Shelley uses the metaphor of a lighthouse keeper to illustrate the sacred calling of godly fathers. Drawing from Psalm 127 and 1 Corinthians 16, he shows how fathers must maintain constant spiritual vigilance, daily faithfulness, and unwavering commitment to guide their families through life’s storms. The message emphasizes that spiritual fatherhood extends beyond biological relationships to include mentorship and prayer intercession, creating lasting legacies that illuminate the path to Christ for future generations.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Lou, [Music] here you go. [Music] [Music] I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. So glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. So glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice, Lord, he has made me glad. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say, "This is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad." Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad so glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Hallelujah. As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. Oh, he leads me safely through the sinking s. It is the Christ of Calary. This would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help do the best I can. For I need thy life to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Well Jesus hold my hand. I need thee me through this filled man. Protect me by thy heart and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. But when I knew in prayer, I hope to meet you there. Bless you Jesus, hold my hand. Let me travel in the light divine that I might see the blessed way. Oh, and keep me that I may be holy thine and sing redemption songs someday. Oh, and I will be a soldier, brave and true, and never firmly take a stand as I go in daily meet the blessed Jesus hold my hand. Will Jesus hold my hand? I go through this building [Music] by thy heart and hear my people. Ohord, look down on me. For when I kneel in prayer, I hope to meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. When I wander through the valley toward the setting of the sun. Oh, lead me safely to a land of rest. If I a crown of life, have one. Oh, I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I might reach the golden strand. For there's no other friend on whom I can depend, blessing Jesus hold my hand. Will Jesus hold my hand? I know you get me out. Go through this pri. [Music] Oh Lord, look down on me. Through when I kneel in prayer, I hope to meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Let me travel in the light diving that I may see the blessed way. Oh, and keep me that I may be holy night and sing redemption songs. Oh, I will be a soldier brave and true and never firmly take a stand. As I onward go and daily meet the floor. Blessing Jesus hold my hand. Will Jesus hold my hand. I go through the area through this pilot by thy power to my people. Oh Lord, from the ground on when I kneel in prayer, I hope to meet you there. Blessing Jesus hold my hand Jesus my hand [Music] oh through this way [Music] my [Music] people oh Lord dear Lord help on when I kneel in prayer. I hope to meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. As I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. He leads me safely through the sinking sand. It is the price of calary. And this would be my prayer dear Lord each day to help me do the best I can. For I do not to guide and night blessing Jesus for my hand. [Music] Jesus hold my hand. My hand through this me by thy power my people on me on my will and my heart to blessed Jesus. Just hold my hand. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Sing to the king who is coming to glory to Jesus the lamb that was slain. Oh life in salvation, his empire shall ring and joy to the nations when Jesus is king. Come let us sing a song declaring we belong to Jesus. Oh cuz he's all we need. [Music] and lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices praise to Jesus. Oh, sing to the king and sing to the king who is coming to ring. Glory to Jesus the lamb that was made. All life and salvation. His empire shall bring joy to the nations when Jesus is king. Come, let us sing. Oh, it's a song declaring we belong to Jesus. Oh, cuz he's all we need. Lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raise to Jesus. Sing to the king. Now for his returning. We watch and we pray and we will be ready the dawn of that day. And we'll join in singing with all the redeemed. Oh, Satan. He's vanquished and now Jesus is king. Oh, come let us sing a Oh, it's a song declaring we belong to Jesus. Oh, cuz he's all we need. So we lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raise to Jesus. Oh, sing to the king. And come let us sing a song. A song declare that we belong to you, Jesus. Oh, he's all we need. So lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raise to Jesus. Sing to the king now for his returning. We watch and we pray and we will be ready the dawn of that day and we'll join in singing in all the saint. Oh, he's vanquished and now Jesus is king. Oh, come let us sing a song, a song declaring we belong to you, Jesus. Cuz he's all we need. So lift up the heart of praise. Sing now with voices raised to Jesus and sing to the king. So come, let us sing a song, a song declare that we belong to Jesus, cuz he's all we need and lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raised to Jesus. Oh, sing to it like that again. Oh, so come and let us sing a song. A song declaring we belong to Jesus. Oh, cuz you're all we need. So we lift up a heart of praise. Sing now with voices raise to Jesus. Oh, sing to the king. Oh, we sing to you, King. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are You are not a God created by human hands. And you are not a God dependent on any mortal man. And you are not a God in need of anything we can give. by your plan. That's just the way it is. You are not a God created by human hands. And you are not a God depend on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your that's just the way it is. You are God alone from before time be. Oh you are on your throne and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone. [Music] You're the only God whose power none can contain. You're the only God whose name praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. And you are God and that's just the way it is. You are God alone from before time began. My God, you heard all of the wrong and you are God alone. And right now, oh, in the good times tonight, my God, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. Yes, you are God. I know from before time began. Oh, you were on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. And right now, oh, in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Cuz you're unchangeable [Music] and unshakeable. You're unstoppable. Oh, that's who you are. Oh, you're unchangeable and unchangeable and you're unstoppable. Oh my God, that's who you are. Oh, you're unchangeable [Music] and unchangeable and you're unstoppable. Oh my God, and that's who you are. And you are God alone from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. And you are gone alone. And right now, oh in the good times tonight, you are on your throne. You are God alone. You are God alone. Before time begin, you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now, oh, in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Oh, you are God alone. There is no one like you, Lord. There is no one like you. [Music] Find their way at the sound of your name. And all feel no shame. Just at the sound of your great name and every fear. It has no place at the sound of your great name. the enmy. He has to leave at the sound of your great name. Oh Jesus, [Music] worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Son of God and men and you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] And all the weak they find their strength. Oh, it's at the sound of your great name. And hungry souls they receive their grace at the sound of your great name. In the fatherless they find their rest. It's at the sound of your rain. Oh, the sick are healed and the dead are raised at the sound the sound of your great name. Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was made for us. You are the son of God and you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. Oh Jesus, [Music] oh worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. You are the son of God in me and you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] My redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty, defender. You are my savior. You are my king, redeemer. You are my healer, Lord Almighty, defender. You're my savior and you are my king. Redeemer. You are my healer. Lord Almighty, defender, my savior. You are my king. Oh, you are my king. Jesus. Worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Son of God and men and you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. Sing that out Jesus. Oh Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Son of God and men and you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. My Jesus, myior Lord, there is none like you and all of my days. Lord, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love, my comfort, my sh tower ofuge and strength. Lord, let every breath let all that I am, let it never cease to worship [Music] you. [Music] Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth and let us sing. Oh power and might justice be praised to the king and mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have in you. [Music] Oh, shout to the Lord. All the earth, let us sing. We sing power and majesty. Praise to the King. And mountains bow down and the seas will roar. It's time the sound of your name. My sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Oh nothing compares to the proise I have. Sing shout to the Lord once again. Shout to the Lord. All the earth let us sing. We sing power and majesty. Praise to the king. Oh mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the pro I Lord, we just want to praise you. Shout with our voices to your mighty name, because we know there is no one who compares with you. You're our defender. You're our healer. You're our strength. You're our help, oh Lord. You're a father to the fatherless. You're a mother to the motherless. You are good and faithful. And you are always on time. And we just want to acknowledge all of your goodness and faithfulness to us today. Lord, I thank you. I praise you. All praise belongs to you. That's right. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We serve the living God. The one true living God. Others have claims That's right. But we serve the one true living God, the creator of the universe, who chose by redemption plan to come, take on the body of human flesh and walk among us. And then when he knew it was time to go to Calvary to pay the ultimate price for sin and shame and guilt and condemnation for our healing and every other thing that would plague the human race and he would go back to the father. He sent the Holy Ghost to indwell us. I'm so thankful today to know that he's still here among us indwelling us. And I give him praise. He's worthy. Can you give him another shot of praise today? To you be glory, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] We take our needs to him. Do you have one? You just want to lift your hand in his presence today. As we get ready to pray, we we know that he is well able to handle every situation that we have. We want to remember the nation of Israel today. We have been praying for them, asking the Lord to protect her as she is defending herself on many fronts. We are asking the Lord to be with Sister Flo today. She's not feeling well. Ask God to strengthen her and help her. There are some others who are sick and um little something trying to go around. Let's believe that it will just stop and God will raise up there. There are some who are here today and some away for extended time and need to all be lifted up to the Lord and always remember Sister Audrey if you will. She's fighting a battle still, but God is good and faithful. He is faithful. Yes. Amen. Let's take these needs to the Lord today. Sing this little course with us as we're preparing in the presence of Jehovah [Music] Gody. Prince of peace. [Music] Trles vanish. hearts are mened [Music] in the presence [Music] of the king. Brother Hawk, will you come and pray today, please? For in the presence [Music] of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, Trles vanish, [Music] hearts are mened. [Music] We thank you father for your presence. Today you are seeking those that will worship you. Oh yes in spirit and truth. And you have revealed to us that the Lord Jesus Christ is the truth. Amen. You have made a way into the spirit by your own blood. That is your provided way today. That's right. And we come before you, oh king, to worship you and to adore you, to bless your name and lift you up. That's right. because you are worthy of all of it because you gave your own life for us. There was something in the song earlier that said you're not in need of anything that we could give. But there is something that tells me that you're in need of something and that is our love, our affection. And so right now we tell you, Father, we love you. We honor you for who you are. And we bless your name. Father, we thank you for the nation of Israel. Yes, sir. We thank you for the promises for the Jewish people. We thank you for the covenant that we were grafted in with your blood. That is right. We thank you for the promises that one day you will come to the city of Jerusalem and and establish your throne as king. But right now they need the strong hand of the Lord of hosts. And we ask that you would watch over Israel. You would watch over Jerusalem, the city of the great king. Would you protect them? Would you hold them in your right hand? Oh God, would you give wisdom and leadership by the spirit? We lift up Benjamin Netanyahu. Oh God, would you give him supernatural wisdom, know what to do and when to do it. Give him the grace to make righteous decisions. Would you protect your people, oh God? Would you protect the people of Iran? But would you bring down that evil empire? [Music] Oh God, but Lord, your word is coming to pass. You your plan is unfolding. You're a sovereign God. But Lord, would you raise up your people today? May we step into position in you. Give us the grace to follow you. Yes, sir. And take the authority that you've given. Execute authority in the realm of the spirit. There are going to come sons that are going to please their father fully obedient to the voice of God and bring glory to his name. The world is going to see Jesus Christ manifested on this earth through people that have been redeemed by the blood of Jesus. But Father, there are some that are fighting in their bodies. You are a heal. You never change. You will never change. You've always been the same. You're a supernatural God. And we just pray for healing for the bodies. That's right. There are fighting sickness. So in the in the name of Jesus, we just talk to that sickness to leave their body and speak healing and wholeness in Jesus' name. We just bless you, Father. We thank you for in this this Father's Day. We we just thank you for life, for your love, and for your care. And we just pray for the service that you would just accomplish something for eternity in the hearts of your people in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Praise you Lord. Glory. You may have your seats today. Praise God. Very happy Father's Day to all of our fathers here and over the stream. May the Lord bless you richly. Glad for those of you that are here. Glad to be gathered in the presence of the Lord. Sister Kathy, welcome home. We're glad that you made it safely home. Glad to have brother Matt and sister Doris in the service today from Pennsylvania. That'd be Luke Yovich's mom and dad. They've come for Maya's birthday party and to be here on Father's Day. We're glad that they're here. The Lord bless you, Jerry. It's nice to see you again today with your mom, Kim. Is that right? God bless you. [Music] [Applause] Sister Hannah is still here with Natalie and Eli. We're asking the Lord to bless them while they're here. Few more days. They tell me that Megan has a song. We're going to ask her to get ready. We're going to receive the tithe and offering. Giving unto the Lord as he has blessed us. We give uh with a cheerful heart because he is so faithful to provide for us and we want to keep covenant with him. Brother IAS, could I call on you and Austin Yantis, let these two brothers come to you today. Give as giving unto the Lord. Let the Lord just speak to you about your offering that you give and know that he is the one who provided to start with and he is the one who does the blessing. Amen. truth. Amen. blood speaks. Now I'm clean. [Music] You are the Savior and the God who sets me free. [Music] Now my heart cries. This is my redeemer. [Music] with my whole life. I will give you praise, all the glory to the one who's worthy because of Jesus. I have been changed. [Music] You made a way for me to enter into your holy place forever. Now I am hidden and I am covered. I found peace into your likeness. You transform me like you're holy. No longer I who lives but Christ who lives in me. And now my heart cries. This is my redeemer. With my whole life I will give you praise, all the gloryy to the one who's worthy. Because of Jesus, I have been changed. You bring freedom to the captives, good news to the poor, healing to the broken, and joy to those who mourn. You turn ashes into beauty. the ruins you restore. I am a testimony of the goodness of the Lord. You bring freedom to the captives, good news to the poor, healing to the broken, and joy to those who mourn. You turn ashes into beauty. the ruins you restore. I am a testimony of the goodness of the Lord. And now my heart cries, this is my redeemer. And with my whole life, I will give you praise. All the gloryy to the one who's worthy because of Jesus. I have been changed. You bring freedom to the captives. Good news, healing to the broken and joy to those who mourn. You turn ashes into beauty. The ruins you restore. I am a testimony of the goodness of the Lord. And now my heart cries. This is my redeemer. [Music] With my whole life I will give you pain. Praise all the glory to the one who's worthy. Because of Jesus, I have been changed. [Music] Because of Jesus, I have been changed. Oh yes. Is that your testimony with hers? Because of Jesus, I have been changed. Hallelujah. Thank you, Megan. Would you stand with us as we're getting ready to go to the word today? Thank you Lord. Oh this is my story. This is my song. [Music] I'm praising my savior all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the give me verse three please. Oh perfect submission [Music] all is at rest. I in my savior am happy and blessed. I am watching and waiting. I am looking above. love. I'm filled with his goodness and lost in his love. Oh, this is my story. Oh yes, this is my song. I am praising my savior all the day. Lord, [Music] oh this is my story. Precious Lord, this is my song. Glory be to God. I am praising [Music] all the day long. One more time. Oh, this is my story. This is This is my song. Let it rain. And I'm praising my Savior all the way. He's worthy. He's worthy to be praised. This is my story. Oh, this is this is my song. Praising, praising, praising my savior [Music] all the day long. Praise the Lord. Somebody praise him with me. [Music] I don't want to do it by myself, but I will if I have to. He's worthy. Woo! Praise God. Oh Jesus. You're worthy. You're worthy. You're worthy. You're worthy. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Isn't he good? You may be seated just a moment. He's good. He deserves all the praise. Hallelujah. I'm fully present this morning in his presence. I want to honor every father, but I want to give my papa, my father, preeminence above all and in all things because he is the best papa. Oh, he takes good care of his sons and daughters, doesn't he? He's a He's a friend that stickketh closer than a brother. And he's a he's also a mother. He's a mother to me, too. You know, he he can be whatever we have need of. I am that I am is a big umbrella. And anything that we have need of is under that great big umbrella. We're blessed. We seem like there several out this morning, but uh I'm in and you're in and he's in. And we're praying for those of course who uh could not be with us. Cade is uh in Indiana this weekend for his sister's graduation and for his dad and uh we miss him of course and others who are not able to be with us but uh there's something in the air. I think I know what it is. I think it's him and I think he's worthy. He's worthy to be praised. He's so good. Amen. Today is Nora Ellsworth's birthday. Stand up Nora. No, stand up Norah. Oh, you are standing. And today she is 7 years old. [Applause] Happy birthday, darling. You may not be the you may not be the star attraction right now with a brand new baby here, but you're you are still a star. you and Millie both. Brother Shane, I saw that tomorrow is your oldest daughter, Abigail's birthday. And so, we're uh calling that out. Even though we don't get to see her very often, we're calling it out to give everybody here who knows her, who met her, an opportunity to lift up her name to the Lord in prayer that God will be with her, and minister to her needs. Amen. Wednesday, Michael. Oh, you're getting ever so close to be to another even number birthday. I saw in fact this is your last year in in one decade and you're moving into the next decade and I would just say happy 39th birthday. Oh. Oh, to you on Wednesday. And uh I would say that uh most of us would really enjoy being 39 again. So enjoy it for us. And it's not old and maybe you all are chasing twins and that's enough to make anybody feel old. But um God knew what he was doing. He didn't give them to me. He knew where they needed to go. And I foolishly thought at one time that's what I would like because my grandmother was a twin. And uh but I have experienced enough to know that it takes a special somebody. Uh Megan, I hope you got it. I would say with the big collection you've got already, you'll make it through somehow. Uh when brother Gley was welcoming brother Matt and Sister Doris, I was thinking, well, they I don't know uh all that much about them. I've only known him a few years, but I know one thing. They they raised two good daddies, and I don't know uh I don't know Matthew as much as I know Luke. But I know the kind of daddy that Did I say it right, Matthew? Uh but I know the kind of daddy Luke is. and uh you all did quite well uh with him and uh we're thankful very very thankful to see you all. Uh on Thursday of this week is uh my wife's dad's birthday. Poppy will be 82 years old. We love him and we pray for him. He needs a lot of prayer. Perhaps not physically but but in other ways that he would uh uh stand up and do what the word of God teaches us to do. It's a It's not a good idea to start getting in your tweening ears and slack up. That's right. So, take Thursday uh if you think of our poppy because we do love him. If you think of him, pray for him that God will give him strength to end well. It's important. Uh somebody else is having a birthday. First of all, let me say quickly, uh, Axel, what's your real real name? J. Jaden. Uh, we don't Did I say it wrong? Jaden. Is that right? We don't really know each other well enough for me to poke on you, but brace yourself. Get ready. My heart skipped a beat when I saw you come in today. And I want to tell you, you clean up very, very well. [Applause] I knew, Jason. I knew that somewhere underneath that shag was a good-looking boy. Goodlook, handsome, nice, smart, intelligent young man. And I don't know the circumstances of how it happened, but praise the Lord because you're shining this morning. And uh maybe your dad is encouraging. I have no idea because he may be in a little bit of a crisis this week because he's going to turn uh 45. I think that that is uh you know that is just about the place where the hill breaks. But we're thankful. I'm thankful they no longer wait to see whether nanny can get here or not. I'm glad they're here. Thank you all for coming all the way from the Graange. God bless you. That's Friday. And Bethany, uh, she is still just a young lady, but she's having a birthday with a five on the end of it, too. Not 35, but 25 on Friday, the same day. Uh, and we want to wish her ahead of time a very, very, very happy birthday. God bless you, Bethany. And, uh, our youngest daughter, Mariah, is having her little graduation get together on Friday as well. And we had a homeschool catalog come to the house yesterday. It made its way to my stack of mail. And I started to go and ask my wife if she wanted to burn it. You reckon she would just like to set it on fire and uh uh and and jump up and down like a crazy woman to think that the last one is uh has made it through. God is good. Amen. He's faithful. He deserves the praise. Uh so today after the service, we'll have lunch together for those of you who want to. I realize that some people like to have a smaller get together for Mother's Day or Father's Day and of course you're always free to do that. The restaurants are usually sort of full and uh because everybody remembers all of a sudden they have a mother and all of a sudden they remember they have a father so they try to get them to the steakhouse or whatever. So uh those of us uh who uh didn't want to fight that crowd, we're we're going to be having lunch together today. And um you know it's just for for some of us, brother Gilly, it's just really like another day as much as I enjoy being a father because we know where we have to be and what we have to do and and uh so we just do it. And if that's the case in your house, do a little something extra for dad another day. if if your whole day is spent at church and then do a little something for him because I want you to know um that it's a blessing to have a dad who would encourage you to go to church and who doesn't just send his family to church but comes with them. Uh I mean I don't have a whole lot of confidence in somebody never have who who is all the time uh telling the family they ought to go you know, you you pull up your bootstraps and go too. You can sit through anything for a couple hours. But we are thankful and blessed to have some men who understand the importance uh of being a father and of setting an example. You can't just tell somebody what to do. You've got to show them. And we're blessed in that regard. And I'm thankful. I'm blessed to have these musicians today. They they are they're the the cream of the crop to me and I want to thank them for their service to the Lord to us. Would you stand and sing this little chorus with me before we look to the word today? Just the chorus I think of uh and I thank God for the lighthouse. I don't know what key that would be, but I want you just to sing this little chorus with me a couple times and then we will go right to the word. Amen. Amen. Sister Kathy, good to have you home. And and I thank God for the lighthouse. Will I owe my life to him? For Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin, he has shown his light around me so that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this ship be. And I thank God for Oh, you've been that lighthouse. I owe my life to him. King Jesus. [Music] Oh, and from the rocks of sin, he has shown the light, his light around me, so that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this I think I want us to sing the second verse. Everybody that lives around me, they said, "Why don't you tear that old lighthouse down? You know the big ships, they don't sail this way anymore. There ain't no use in that old thing hanging around. Oh, but can my mind goes back to that stormy night when just in time I saw the light. It was the light from that old lighthouse, the one that stands up there on the hill. And I thank God for Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. I owe my life to you. Lord Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rocks of sin he has shown the light [Music] so that I might clearly see. And if it wasn't for that old lighthouse, tell me where would this ship be? Would you praise the Lord for the lighthouse? Praise God. Praise God. Let's do this real quick. We'll have the fathers to come at the end and get a little just it's just a little token gift from the church to let you know we appreciate what you do. Um but let's do this real quick. Uh brother Shaw, you have to tell your age. This is one day out of the year you have to tell your age. 66. Is there any fathers here older than 66? Most of them are in heaven, right? Oh. We give brother Shaw a time because we at one time we had some older daddies here but they've gone to the Lord and we miss him but and so we give brother Shaw a hard time. He's always praying. You know why he does so much witnessing on the street and all. He's hoping he can win an older dad to the Lord to bring him over here to bring him over here to church. So, at the end of the service, get one of these uh bigger bags, would you? Just a little a little gift. What about the youngest dad? Uh Benjamin, how old are you? Is is is that is is there a father 26 or younger? You know, that's that's kind of uh that's good. Much younger than that, you're you're you're a baby yourself. So anyway, Benjamin, be sure you get one. Uh, happy Father's Day to both of you brothers, older and younger. Uh, and then the father with the most children present is the way we like to do it. Brother Skip greeted me this morning and uh, told me he wouldn't be in the service with us, but uh, but he, you know, commented about it and and about our families and so forth. Brother Robert, uh, you only have one biological child, but you've been a daddy to, I would say, all of Sister Teresa's, but but it would be even larger than that, wouldn't it? Brother Shane, how many of your children are here today? Biological children. How many is that? Uh, four. Uh, Luke, how many you got now? Five and two on the way. That is Let Let me just make sure I make this clear. That is completion. Seven. We're not Catholics. [Music] Did I just say that? He knows. He knows we're going to love him if he has a dozen and then we're going to send them right back where they belong. Five. Who? Anybody else have five in the ser? I mean, the man deserves something much more than it's in this bag. I'll tell you that right now. Anyway, that'll be for you, Luke. Uh, what about having the Holy Ghost the longest? Uh, uh, Brother Shaw, you've already you're you're knocked out of this. Uh, who who has had the Holy Ghost? What father here has had the Holy Ghost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost uh for for over 25 years? Let me see your hand. Well, that's quite a few of us. That's even Michael there. Uh how many of you have had the Holy Ghost over 30 years? Let me see your hand. That would be Brother Robert and myself and and Brother Greley. And we're we're kind of out of it, aren't we? Do how many years have you 37. How many years for you? 44. So, Brother Roberts, you come and get the the bag and we have an extra one that'll be yours. And uh today, aren't we blessed to have all these men? [Applause] All right. Thank you. Thank you. Psalm 127 beginning in verse three. If you'll just try. I know you've been standing. Sorry about that. Uh but let's keep standing if we're able for the reading of the word. And if you're not, well then you just rest. Verse three says, "Lo children are inheritage of the Lord." I like that. "And the fruit of the womb is his reward." Uh that's an interesting way for the psalmist to express that the fruit of the womb is his reward, the father's reward. That's pretty interesting. As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man, so are children of the youth. Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them. Uh I would guess that that is when they're older. That they shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate. So that's why I said I would think that this would be older. Speaking with the enemies in the gate means that they will they will be intelligent and wellversed and able to communicate. Brother Robert, that's the kind of kids we want to raise in this world is children who can speak and give account for for their for their faith as they get older to be able to not debate but be able to to tell the truth and speak the truth and not be so backward that they can't speak when you speak to them. This is what we want to do. And then let me read uh two more verses before you're seated. 1 Corinthians chapter 16 verse 13 and 14. Watch ye stand fast in the faith. Quit you like men. Be strong. This is 1 Corinthians 16. The this should be the second uh scripture. Watch ye stand fast in the faith. Quit you like men. Be strong. Let all your things be done with charity. Father, we thank you today that you have given us an opportunity most of all to come and worship you and lift you up. But we thank you for godly men in the house. And we thank you for godly men who are streaming this service today. We're living in a society where a godly man is sometimes looked over and seldomly celebrated. But I believe it's the church's responsibility to correct that among ourselves and bless these men who have chosen rather to serve the Lord than to follow in the way that is easier. May you strengthen them. Not just natural fathers, but may you strengthen every man of God here because by virtue of gender, we are almost expected to be leaders. So Lord, we lead. Whether we lead from the pulpit or whether we lead from the easy chair in the living room, we're leaders. strengthen each one I pray today and give us grace to hear a message that will both bless, value and encourage but will also challenge every man here to continue to be everything that you have asked us to be even in the midst of Satan's Eden. and we will give you all the honor and the praise and the glory for it's in the name above every name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. And the saint said, you may be seated. I'd like to read those two verses if you can find them again in 1 Corinthians chapter 16. I'd like to read both verses in the Amplified because I'm always disturbed when I hear someone uh reading quit ye like men and and not explaining it a little bit because the last thing we need is for men to quit being men, right? And that's not what it means. It meant something different in 1611 that it means in 2025. So, I'm going to read it for you in the amplified, which just catches all the different meanings of the word. Be alert and on your guard. Is that a good word of encouragement and instruction to fathers and to godly men, be alert. I want you to know one second looking away. When you've got a toddler, you can't look away for two seconds. You'd be surprised. Benjamin told me this week, he said, "Dad, we we came in late one evening and we I said, "Maybe Jenna, you get your shower and I'll I'll make the baby a piece of toast before bed." And he said, "I looked away just a couple seconds. She's standing." I just sat her right down out of my arms right there and to put some jam. I don't know if that's the best idea or not because then she just licks the jam off and uh but anyway and he said I didn't look away but just just enough to dip the knife in the jam and she had already pinched her finger and and I said you know that that is just that's the way it is when you've got a curious toddler. You don't know how long she was in his arms looking down at that cabinet door. And to her it looked very interesting. And she was very glad to be free, wasn't she? Just long enough to get down there. And she didn't know that wasn't a place for her finger to go. I think she found that out also a few weeks ago in the in the air return. She found out that's a little narrow to get your finger down in. You you really when they're little, you cannot dare look the other direction. Uh what age does that stop when you die? When daddy's gone. Because when you're not watching them physically, then you get the real responsibility. And that means you're watching them spiritually. If you're under the impression that when they grow up and move out, you no longer have a spiritual responsibility, you're wrong. You may not have the same voice. You may not have the same liberty. You may not even have the same authority, but there's more than one way to establish authority. And one of those ways is by prayer and intercession. You're watching for them even when you can't physically be with them all the time. So, as important as it is to make sure they don't burn themselves and they don't stick their finger in the wrong place and get stuck and they don't fall off the porch and they don't stand up in the chair and fall over backward, it's even more important to make sure that you're watching for them spiritually. And if you've had a dad who who cared in the least, I mean in the least about your spiritual life, you're more blessed than the majority of the population. I didn't have that. And I I know there are many in this room and watching this service that didn't have that in their life. So maybe he wasn't all you wanted him to be or maybe all you thought that you would like for him to be or all that he needed to be. But if if he had any kind of influence over you toward spiritual things, if he ever prayed over you one time, you've got something to find that you can celebrate. Are you with me? Be alert and on your guard. Stand firm in your faith. your conviction, respecting man's relationship to God and divine things, keeping the trust and holy fervor born of faith and a part of it. Now, instead of quit ye like men, it actually means act like men. Right. That doesn't mean make sure you can fix a car, although that's a wonderful thing to be able to do, but but it doesn't just mean uh act like a man and be sure you know how to deer hunt. It it means uh uh spiritually speaking uh as the forefront act like men be courageous and always growing in strength because you're not only needing that strength personally, but you've got somebody looking to you for strength. If you're here and you feel like that is the truth, we'll wait on your amen. Amen. I want to tell you a story and I want your undivided attention. That's why you're here, right? Did you come for the word? Good. Then then let your attention be right up here. In a storm battered coastal village in the 1870s in the New England region of our nation, there was a lighthouse keeper whose name was Thomas. He stood as the sentinel of a treacherous shore where jagged cliffs claimed countless ships and countless lives. If you know anything about that rocky region of New England, you'll understand how that could have certainly been the case, particularly in the 1870s. Night after night, Thomas ascended the towers creaking iron stairs with the seas roar echoing below. His calloused hands trimmed the wick of the lantern to shear away the blackened ends. He polished the fresnal lens until it gleamed like a crystal. and he poured oil to fuel a flame that would pierce even the darkest fog. His children Sarah 10 and Caleb 8, huddled by the base of the lighthouse tower, watching the beam sweep across the horizon of the sea. Their eyes were wide with wonder, and their bodies were trembling gently at the noise of the storm. One wild November night, a gale howled with such intensity that waves were pounding the rocks like thunder, and the lantern's oil had begun to dwindle. and the weak neglected in the chaos of preparation for an oncoming storm. Remember, they didn't have weather channels. The lens began to smoke. Its light began to flicker as the supply of oil began to dwindle. Thomas, already weary from all of the day's work and the preparation for the oncoming storm, soaked to the bone, hauled a heavy oil canister up the spiral stairs. His breath was ragged. His strength was fading. And at the top of the stairs, he immediately began to trim the darkened ends off of the barely lit wick. The flame began to leap back to life, its beam cutting through the storm once again to guide a distant ship to safety. Exhausted, he began to wipe off the lens of the lighthouse tower to make sure that any smoke or smut had been removed so that nothing would uh impede or impair the light from the lighthouse that was now desperately needed just off the coast of America. He made his way, exhausted, back down the stairs to find Sarah and Caleb waiting, nearly hiding in the edges of the bottom of the staircase. Sarah, clutching her shawl, whispered, "Papa, why do you climb the tower in such a storm? Didn't you feel it as it moved back and forth in the intensity of the wind? Oh yes, he said. I could feel it as I have felt it many times before. Papa, aren't you afraid? Why would you nearly risk your life night after night in the time uh in the in the season of storms? Thomas knelt his weathered face soft but resolute. And he said to his children Sarah and Caleb, "My darlings, this light is a ship's only salvation. Without its beam, they would all crash upon the rocks, their lives to be claimed by the merciless deep. But more than that, children, I keep this light burning to teach you a truth that you will carry the rest of your life and beyond if you pass it on to your children in future times. As you grow, as you face trials as Christians, one day you're raising your own families, you must understand the importance of never letting the life, the light of your faith go out. Amen. In the good weather and in the bad weather, it will always be your responsibility to breathe fresh life into your faith. Amen. Trim the wick of your faith through prayer and obedience to God's word and let your lantern shine for Jesus no matter what the storm looks like. And then your children after you will do the same and they will be able to find him even in the midst of their own storms. Years later, Sarah now serving with her husband as missionaries in a distant land and Caleb, a pastor who also served by preaching revivals across the United States, returned to the lighthouse. its beam still sweeping the sea. A testament, a reminder of their father Thomas and his unwavering loyalty to his commission duty. As they stood by his grave, quietly shedding tears, they saw that it was marked with a carved lighthouse lantern. They wept knowing their father's trimmed wick, polished lens, and storm divying defying faith had lit their path to Christ. A legacy that would shine for many generations. How many of you like that story? I like that story. This morning, I want to take a little time and if I should choose a title, it would be steady in the storm. the ministry of a lighthouse. Father, as technology has changed, the importance of that old lighthouse, it's insignificant. It's not the way they do it anymore. But it used to be something that was a very important, maybe like you would call a uh an air traffic controller's importance today, an old lighthouse keeper. He had a great importance in those days, early days of our nation. How many of you understand that? My mother-in-law used to tell me that in her childhood and in her uh parents' childhood, the lighthouse keepers of that part of the world made very little money. and they were given a place to live in the lighthouse as a as a stipen as an addition to their meager salary. And she said that the fishermen would feel so sorry for them because they lived in such a meager fair that they would be out trying to net fish to go and sell the fish and make their own living because most people living in that area were fishermen at the time. And every now and again a lobster would get caught up in the net and that was considered trash. Nobody wanted that thing. And so the the boats would pull up to the shore of the lighthouse and throw these big old lobsters up on the shore for the lighthouse keeper and his family. And you know that just kind of makes me chuckle because now that's the delicacy. the the the old lighthouse. He didn't have a lot of money. The keeper didn't have a lot of money in his pocket, but he had fresh lobster quite often during the year because somebody brought it to him. I wonder if he thought it was just trash or if he thought, "My, those people don't know what they're missing." I don't know because I don't eat them. But I I I find that to be quite interesting. Did you know I I have come to understand that a father is to be a lighthouse keeper in his own home? I I really really love the analogy in Psalm 112 verse 1 and two. It says, "Praise ye the Lord. Blessed is the man that fearth the Lord, that delightth greatly in his commandments, his seed, that's his children, That's those who follow after him shall be mighty upon the earth. The generation of the upright shall be what? They shall be blessed. Verse three, wealth and riches shall be in his house, and his righteousness endureth forever. The testimony of his uprightness will pass from generation to generation to generation. Amen. Un uh up un unto the upright, excuse me, unto the upright there ariseth light in the darkness. He is gracious and full of compassion and righteous. A good man showeth favor and lendeth. He will guide his affairs with discretion. He's not depending on somebody else to provide. But he is doing everything that he can do. I have known situations one generation ago and some in in my own generation where where a man has worked multiple jobs. He wasn't very present at home. There was no way that he could be. But he worked multiple jobs because of having a large family and needing enough supplies to feed them all and to take care of them all and to put shoes on them all. He had to work uh over 14, 15, 16 hours a day with a little bit of rest. I'm thankful for the hour we're living in right now. That's hardly necessary anymore. Ain't God good? He's good. Amen. He's good. He will guide his affairs with discretion. Surely, he shall not be moved forever. The righteous shall be an everlasting remembrance. He shall not be afraid of evil tidings. His heart is Hallelujah. Oh God, give us a fixed heart, trusting completely, totally in the Lord. His heart is established. He shall not be afraid until he see his desire upon his enemies. He hath dispersed. He hath given to the poor. His righteousness endureth forever. His horn shall be exalted with honor. His authority shall be increased. The wicked shall see it and be grieved. He shall nash with his teeth and melt away. The desire of the wicked shall perish. It is the will of God to so bless and to favor the home of a righteous man that he would have need of nothing. I'm telling you that's what the scripture says. If a man will walk upright before the Lord with discretion in all of his affairs, it's the desire of the Lord to bless that man with favor. Amen. When we sense the favor of the Lord withdrawing from our lives, and I have on more than one occasion uh during my life, when we sense his favor withdrawing from us, that's not the time to get bitter. That's not the time to get cold and indifferent. That's the time to go to the altar. In fact, that's the time to be chained to the altar, grabbing a hold of the horns of the altar and saying, "Lord, I won't be moved until you show me what it is in my life that's caused your favor to withdraw." I want you to know the love of the Lord will never leave you. But the favor and the blessing of the Lord will leave you high and dry if you're not walking in his ways and his commandments. So when one of these young fathers says to me, "Pastor, I got a dollar a raise." I rejoice with them. Somebody said you would rejoice over a dollar. I would rejoice over a quarter because remember you you multiply that quarter times however many hours you work. And that was that much more than you didn't have. So when I see God, and I'm telling you something, if you're faithful, if you're faithful with the quarter raise, if you give God his part first and foremost above everything else, then you can expect that he's got a better raise, a bigger raise, a better opportunity for you. The Bible said, "If a if a man's ways please the Lord, he he's not only to bless and provide, able to do that." But he's also able to make his own enemies be at peace with him. That's the goodness of God. I'm thankful for it. Godly fathers in this hour are like lighthouse towers, rooted in the word. They've already weathered their own personal storms. They have found themselves a place of being steadfast, unmovable in their faith. They're not looking for the trends and the newer ways, but their roots go down deeper. The more the winds blow, the more the adversaries come, the deeper their roots go down in their faith. They're not nearly as emotional as they get more mature. Is that right? Amen. Their fears are fewer and farther between because they're learning to put their whole trust and their whole hope in the Lord. I want you to look at your godly father sitting in this house today. If indeed he's here and if indeed that's what he is to you, I want you to see him as a lighthouse. I want you to understand that God's given him that kind of a ministry that he would always uh uh you you might could say if you don't want to make him a a a lighthouse, you can make him the lighthouse keeper and and you can pray for him that God will always give him discernment and wisdom to watch out after the enemy because the enemy will come and he'll try to steal what belongs to us. How many of you have ever uh had to go before the Lord and say, "Wait a minute. Take your hands off of my family. This is not only a mother's duty. It is primarily the duty of a father. You back up, you foul spirit. I won't have it because somebody else agrees with it. I won't have it because somebody else accepts it. I'm going to stand on the word and believe that God will drive back the forces of hell and take the devil better take his hands off of my children, my family, my grandchildren. Come on. I'm telling you, we can do some business in the spirit. We want to acknowledge this morning every father in this house who prays for his children. And I don't mean a mambby pami lay me down prayer. I mean, the kind that rattles the bars of hell and rings the bells of heaven. One that says, "I've got the faith of a bulldog and I'm going to put my jaw down on the promise of God and I'm going to believe for my children." Should I wait until they're a teenager to do that? I don't think so. I don't think so. I I think sometimes in a f Are you with me? I think sometime in a family uh community of faith like this, I think that people sometimes get a little slack and they depend on others a little too much to take care of their own. I love the ability and the gift that God gives certain people to be able to not only take care of theirs, but to take care of somebody else's. But I don't think it should ever be taken for granted. Amen. I think we should pray for our mamas and support them the very best way that we can. Do anything that we can to help them, but I don't think that we ought to take the load off of them because they're training they're training for reigning and they're training children who are going to train to rain. You see, and if they don't understand uh what it's really like, then it becomes like a fairy tale. I think there are fathers sometime that depend on pastor's prayers or or some other spiritual mentors prayers for their own children. But I want to tell you something, nobody can pray with the tenacity and with the faith bulldog faith that a man can for his own children. And I don't think I would wait, as I said a moment ago, I don't think I'd wait until they start facing teenage problems. I think I would do it. Now, I want you to understand that a godly mother does not take the place of a godly father. They both have their own roles and they both need lots of prayer. I want to acknowledge the sacrifice that every hardworking father has made in this church today. You you work hard to provide to protect to take care of your families. And I know that you get weary. And I know that you feel sometime overlooked and undervalued. But I want you to remember, you're not just doing it for your children. You're not just doing it for your wife. You're actually serving the kingdom of God. When you serve your family and you raise them in the right way and you take good care of them spiritually and physically, you're not just building a family. You're building up the kingdom of God because one day your back's going to wear out and you're going to get the easier chair and your children are going to be the ones providing, taking care of their their children and the next generation and the next generation. Did you know that uh not having a good father is not an excuse for not being a good father? I so appreciated a testimony that Justin the Barber posted on Facebook. I I don't know why I even saw it because I only had just a minute to even glance, but it was the first thing that I saw. In fact, nearly the only thing. I think I closed it down after that. And he testified with transparency about his own life. And he said, "I didn't have a good dad. I didn't have a godly example. I was raised by an alcoholic. And he went on through his things. And maybe somebody reading that would say, "Well, he's just really whining." No, he said, "But I want you to know, I didn't hear I love you every day. I didn't sit on my daddy's knee and learn what it feels like to be embraced and valued and spoken into, but I made up my mind. I want Justin to know he's not alone. I made up my mind to make sure there wouldn't be a day go by that my children wouldn't hear out of my own lips. The words. The words. You see what I've learned about a love language is uh you you you have a love language. There is a particular way that you uh receive love and there is a particular way a particular demonstration that says to your wife you're loved and it's not always the same. Did you know there are some women, let's talk about women too. There are some women that uh h a single rose from the gas station, not the flower cart, the gas station. Course, you know, sometimes they have them up there at the at the counter, you know, just a bucket of water with some roses in them. There are certain women that that rose from the gas station, not a dozen, not two dozen, not three dozen, but one little simple gift of love and thoughtfulness sends her to the moon. Oh, she's googly eyed over you again. She felt valued. She felt appreciated. See, and and there are some men who say, "I work hard and I I wear myself out and I provide the soup and the crackers for everybody in the house and I I give them a place to live and and so forth and etc." And and I I want my family to know I love them, right? And that's the way I show them that I love them. But here's what I've learned about love. Just because you choose a certain way to give it doesn't mean that it gets received in that way. That's why I take these young couples and I say we've got to discover right away how it is that you acknowledge and receive love and you you boy because that's what they are by the time they're in my office. They're still boys usually. I have had the exceptions, but they're still pretty young. And uh you you you've got to discover uh you know uh sometimes for some it's a little affection. Even men uh a touch on the arm. Let's just see how quiet it gets. You know, it's not always the bedroom. I'm gonna have to have water if I go there. Just let me take my time. Sometimes it's just a a pat. You not in public. Nobody wants to see your pat and your wife on the bottom in public. That is rude. That's not good Christian behavior. Amen. Uh you're not making out in public. But a br just brush by grab her arm or or or hold his hand or her hand or his hand or or or stop what you're doing and look him in the eyeball instead of always saying I love you on the way out the door. Take a minute, like we do when we're in a hurry, which is every day of our lives. Take a minute and look at them in the eyeball and say, "I love you, and I want you to know that I love you." And we may not always agree, but I love you. Did you know always agreeing about something is not a prerequisite for love? If it is, nobody would be getting any love. There going to be things that you see and view different and handle different. But if if a husband can discover his wife's love language and vice versa, if a father can discover what says I love you to their children and and do it and say it, you are not only sewing into their life, but you are preparing them to be a better parent. Amen. Amen. I I think those of us who didn't have it understand more the importance of making sure that we don't pass that dysfunction along to our children. If you're a warrior, if you're acting like a man, you definitely don't want your sons to grow up feeling like you felt. You definitely don't want your daughters growing up in a way like you felt you want to end that. I I believe that every one of us have the power. We have the authority by redemption to end the vicious cycle. Somebody said, "But I didn't know all that when my children were little." Don't you fret yourself. You can accomplish so much on your knees. You just go to papa and say, "I failed miserably in so many ways, but I know you are a redeemer and I know you know how to prepare." Well, I'm not a father, so this message is doesn't really do much for me. I'm not even married, so this message doesn't do very much for me. It can. It can. In fact, it may be why some aren't married. It can. Because if there's one thing you've got to see crucified, it's selfishness. [Applause] That's got to die right up front. Every every morning about six o'clock, you better kill that thing because it's not this 50/50 stuff, is it? It's 100. And uh listen folks, the atmosphere. Thank God. Thank God for the fathers in this house that choose worship music o over a country uh oh cheating song. You men that play a godly song of worship to the Lord in your home and you choose that on the radio in your automobile. God bless you and strengthen you and keep you and don't fall into that vicious cycle of who's cheating who and who's being true and whose car is parked next door. That don't help anybody build an atmosphere at home and in the car and wherever you go. And some of you that's who you are. That's what you do. I know it is because some of you send some of those songs to me and I know you couldn't send them to me if you weren't listening to them. Just make sure you're filling your home. I don't care if it's a palace or a mobile home. You fill it full of an atmosphere both mom and dad that will that will entertain invite and entertain the presence of the Lord. Amen. If you're not a lover, if you're not a hugger, if you're not an embracer, I don't want you to be condemned, but I don't want you to accept that as your sentence either. I want you to know you can change that today. I'm not comfortable with that because I didn't get it. Did anybody ask you what you were comfortable with? This is not woke society over here. We don't do it because it makes us comfortable. We do it because our children need it. Yes, sir. God bless. God bless these daddies. Every daddy that takes his little girls out on a boat. Lord have mercy. You can't fish with squawking girls. like Nora and Millie. But God bless every daddy who just gives up the idea of catching anything and goes anyway because that's all they talk about for a week or two or three or four. I went fishing with daddy. I went fishing with daddy. Went fishing with daddy. Went fishing with daddy. They don't ever get around unless you ask them to of telling you what they caught. But it just means so much, folks. Uh, God bless you men who go and sit at those hot, stinking, sweaty playgrounds. You deserve a medal. A man that'll go sit on a bench and watch his children slide. In the world we live in today and in the humidity of the South, you deserve some celebration here today. It matters. It means something. Did you know that our spiritual words and our spiritual instruction will be more valuable to our children if we're providing for them emotionally first? Then they trust us. Did you know even the littlest child comes into this world a little skeptical? It seems these days there is a fallen Adamic nature that has to be broken and redeemed by the blood of the lamb. And children, as the scripture said, come into the world speaking lies. No one ever teaches them to lie. Isn't that interesting? No one ever has to teach them how or explain to them how. They'll stand there with the cookie crumbs all down their clothes and shake their head no. And when they can talk, they'll tell you, "I didn't take a cookie out of the jar." And who taught them to do such a thing? It's that fallen nature. And it's up to you and I to cause them to feel safe. Did you know I think one of the most valuable things a father can provide, a godly father can provide, is a safe environment. I want to tell you folks, I love home. My home is so so old and so small and there's so many things wrong with it, but it's home. It's home. And I like to be home. And you start understanding as you get older the value of home and how important it is to have an environment in your home where everybody can feel safe, loved, valued, seen. That's not woke. That's Bible. You're a lighthouse keeper. Thank God for you who take it serious. And this church is full of those men. Thank you, Lord, for that. Amen. This lighthouse of Thomas had endured many decades of storms because he took his responsibilities and duties most seriously. He maintained that old tower, repairing cracks and painting walls and reinforcing the base. Lot of the duties of a lighthouse keeper are far from glamorous or even exciting. But every task was vital, and many lives were depending on his faithful duty and loyal service. Thomas trimmed his wick daily, nightly as he would begin to light the lamp, cutting away the charred ends so that the light would burn bright. He meticulously wiped and polished the lens of the glass of the old lighthouse night after night after night so that that beacon would appear bright and clear. His daily duties unglamorous but vital. There were no vacations. And I need to tell you there are no vacations from being a father. There are no holidays from being a parent or from being a spouse. It's 24 hours a day. 365 days a week uh a year. I may not be good at math, but I know what I'm talking about. Fathers today, like like Thomas, his old callous hands, he didn't understand a whole lot about what was going on out there in the world because his whole world consisted of one little point and one little lighthouse. He lived there and he would die there and he would be buried there. It was his whole world and so he couldn't maybe teach his children things that were going on across the ocean. I doubt he was perfect. If I understand very much about him, he was sometimes tired and weary and his temper would get a little short up here. He'd raise his voice sometime. He was not a perfect man, but he was a dedicated man. Let me tell you something. Dads aren't going to be perfect. I don't know any I don't know any I don't know any perfect children. So, that's good. They're not going to be perfect. They're not always going to get it right. But if they are there for you, that's something to celebrate. If they won't compromise with your sin, that's something to celebrate. If they'll tell you the truth instead of what you want to hear, that's something to celebrate. We've got some dads like that around here. To be the father that you're called to be, you've got to learn to relate first and foremost to your heavenly father. And this is where things break down. In order to be a good father, you've got to know you have one. And you've got to understand that he's not out to destroy you. He's out to build you up here. He's out to build you. To make you somebody. To make you something. To give you strength to be everything that he has created and called you to be. Amen. A man who doesn't have a good relationship with his heavenly father will struggle in everyday fatherhood. The more you fall in love with your heavenly father. The more you learn to relate with your heavenly father and hear the heart of your heavenly father, the better father you'll be to your children. It's just a fact. God help us. Isaiah 64:8 said, "But now, oh Lord, thou art our father. We are the clay, and thou our potter, and we all are the work of thy hand." If you can discover that he's not the white-wiged one we talked about recently, who would would love to see you so utterly crushed that you couldn't uh even hold up your head. That's not who he is. His anger is toward unrighteousness, but his great love is toward his bride. The fear of the Lord that we have must have the beginning of all wisdom is reverential fear. It's not fear of destruction. It's fear of wounding his heart. It's so easy to break the spirit of your children and it's hard to heal. It's hard to heal it. A child that grows up believing they're the problem in the home and they're the reason for the confusion will never be able to value themselves unless God rescues them somewhere out there in life. They'll never see who they can be or who they could be because they live every day under the pressure of feeling like I'm the blame. I'm the cause. I'm the reason. That is a thousand times complicated in the home of a narcissist. We have too many out there, too many fathers who have become narcissist who believe that it's their responsibility to break everybody's spirit and that's how you get real submission. I want you to understand that nothing could be more unbiblical than that. Breaking the spirit. Now, dealing with the will is an entirely different thing. And there's a way to discipline and deal with the will without breaking the spirit. Telling a little child, you're you know, you're you're you're just you never listen. You never listen. Guess what that does? It sets up a child to never listen. Did you know you can say the same thing, just choose words a little differently? Now, you're not listening to daddy, but I know I know that you've got ears to hear, and I know that you can. Did you know there's a way to do what needs to be done and speak words of life instead of words of destruction? And and I want to tell you where we miss it. So many time as parents, we look at somebody else's children and the way they handle their children and we think that's the ideal way. You know what a real mom and dad will do in this hour? They'll discover who their children are. Cuz I'm telling you, they don't all come like cookie cutter uh all learn the same and like the same and do the same. But a parent who will take the time to discover who their child is and deal with them accordingly. It's not just creating more peace in the home, but they're building fathers for the future and mothers for the future. That's right. I'm trying to give you a little bragging here. If all you hear is the negative, you'll miss the fact that you are highly valued in this wicked society. You are a rare jewel. A man who cares. I mean really cares about his family more than he cares about his control is a rare rare jewel. My God, thank you for men like that. Help us to see more men raised up like that. Not perfect men, but men surrendered to a perfect God. I want to honor all fathers today. biological fathers, adoptive fathers, stepfathers, grandfathers, mentors, which are spiritual fathers. Children are like magnets to love. They don't have to be yours, to know when they're loved. If you want a collection of them, all you got to do is love. just a little bit of love, little bit of attention, little bit of affection, and you'll you'll gather more than you can handle. And you'll have to say to them, you're going to, like I said to one beautiful, beautiful girl recently, if you come running at me like that again, make sure I can stand up strong before you do or I'm going to fall on you. And when I fall on you, you're going to be broken. I mean crushed. There are single dads. This world is it's not not as rare as you think anymore. A dad wakes up to a note that says, "I'm gone. The children are yours. They're your responsibilities." I read this week about one such single dad. His name was Mark. He made up his mind. He He thought, "I'll never do it. I cannot do it. I don't know how I will do it by myself." But he made up his mind. I'll have to make the best of it. I have no choice. It's my responsibility. Not only was he a provider and a a homekeeper, but he ended up having to be a lunch packer. And so he had to pack lunch for both of his daughters every morning. And he made up his mind, I'm going to put more than a sandwich in. I'm going to take the time to put in a verse of scripture. The first one he wrote, "The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want." Psalm 23:1 in the amplified it says, "The Lord is my shepherd to feed, guide, and shield me. I shall not lack." The children, the little girls get to school and they open up their lunch and they find their sandwich and their Cheetos, maybe a apple or some other kind of fruit. And at the bottom they find the little note with a scripture verse and a signature that says love dad. It means so much to them in the beginning but they don't want anybody else to see it. So they tuck it down in their lunchbox before anybody gets to see it. But it's not long before they begin to appreciate that so much. The consistency of a dad who not only provides a a bed and food and who tries to fix their hair, can you imagine? But who also takes the time to speak a word of life into them. Years later at his retirement party, his daughters stood up and began to share how those shaky handwritten notes meant so much to them through their life. It was in fact like a light that lit a path for them to walk through in their teenage years. The time that he took meant more to them than they had words to express. It was not forgotten. Deuteronomy chapter 6:es 6 and 7 says, "And these words which I command thee this day shall be in thine heart, and thou shalt teach them diligently." Diligently, thank you, David, unto thy children, and shall talk of them. Listen, folks, and shall talk of them, when thou sitest in thine house, and when thou walst by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou rise up. What do you think the message is all the time? If you will teach diligently your children and talk of the goodness of God all the time, sitting down, rising up, walking by the way, laying down, you will never regret it. How many of you can say amen? You'll never regret it. In fact, if you get on the other side and realize how many opportunities you missed, that's when the regrets come. Believe me, I know fathers are called to diligently teach God's word in everyday moments. It doesn't always have to be about a Bible study. It doesn't always have to be about a devotion, which I somehow nearly despise. I know I'm going to get stones, imaginary stones thrown at me. But I believe if you take this scripture in context, you will understand that any moment you seize can be a devotion. Any moment that you seize can be a lesson. And lessons can be fun. And lessons don't have to be full of threats. If you don't quit wiggling, I'm going to whip you with a belt. Now, let's talk about the love of the Lord. I told you, sit down. Shut up. Now, I want to talk to you from the scripture about kindness. Do you understand the confusion? I believe I want to tell you something about spanking. I believe in it, but I don't believe it should ever be used without an explanation. And if a child isn't old enough to understand the explanation, they only learn one thing. That hitting is the way to communicate. Let me have some water. That's not what you want to teach them. We don't ever want to discipline them in anger or out of frustration. You never did, pastor. Oh, I did. I did. And I deeply regret it. I deeply regret every time that I didn't calm myself before I tried to teach an important lesson. You see, discipline is not just about correcting behavior. It's about building them for a life. That's right. It's the kingdom we're building. Anybody with me? You don't have to be an earthly father to somebody either. You can just be a spiritual voice in their life. If you take the time to build relationship with them, they've got to feel trust, your trust in them. They've got to learn to trust you. Fathers have to teach God's word diligently, not their theories. Your theory is not going to help your child face life. Your conspiracies, your your ideas of reincarnation or whatever is your last fad. That's not going to build your children. That's not going to prepare them to face the trials of life and run to Jesus instead of running away from him. The simplicity of the gospel. The simplicity of the gospel is what's going to build a foundation for them that they'll keep building on the rest of their life. Thank you for it, brothers. Thank you for it. Thank you for it. It's not your responsibility or mine to teach our small children the mysteries of the universe or the philosophies of the sages, but it is our responsibility above all others to teach them the simple gospel and the faithfulness of God. Somebody said, "And make sure you give them a brother Brandham coloring book." Well, you can do that if you like, but please understand that is not the foundation of their faith. That's not what they're going to build on. Uh that will keep them unshakable and unmovable. You tell them later, they're they're not understanding and grasping the church ages at six, but they can understand Jesus loves me. This I know. Oh, I know some of you can't sing. Sing anyway. Kids don't know the difference. Sing to them. Thank you, papa. Thank you, daddy. Thank you, brother, for singing to your children and to somebody else's children. I can thank uh Paul, because he's the one while I was away in Taiwan, he's the one who pushed Benjamin into leading worship the first time he ever did. Not me. I was scared to death. I was afraid he would freeze. I was afraid he would get the wrong key and try to sing a whole song in the wrong key. But Paul said, "He can do it, brother Shelley. He can do it. I go away to Taiwan so that I can't say no." And the next thing I know, it's done. You know, I can't help but appreciate Paul for that because he spoke confidence. I had the fear of a father. He spoke confidence. He's not a father, but he spoke with the confidence of a father. You can do it. You can do it. You see what a what a role you can play in somebody else's children's life, somebody else's young kids' life. Amen. Thomas, the lightkeeper, he didn't just light the lantern. He also taught Sarah and Caleb how to light the lantern. He explained its mechanics and purposes during the quiet evening. He taught them how to trim a wick, how to clean the lens, explaining how that each task is small and seems insignificant, but all of those tasks together without missing any of them. That's what saves the ship. That's what saves lives. He used practical lessons as spiritual metaphors to ignite their faith even as very small children. And those lessons shaped their character and taught them about a greater light that shines to every son and daughter of God in the midst of their stormy life. In the book of Timothy chapter 1 verse 5, Paul speaks to Timothy and says,"When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois and thy mother Ununice, and I am persuaded that it is in thee also." Well, that's women's influence. That's the faith of a mother and the faith of a grandmother. But imagine this, a father figure in his life. Perhaps someone in the synagogue, an elder in the church, a brother, or even Paul, the apostle himself, who took Timothy under his wing, teaching him to pray the Psalms and to trust in the promises of God. Look at it with me. Second Timothy 2, the first four verses. Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus, and the things that thou has heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others. What's that word? Thou therefore endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. I don't know where Timothy's father was. He's never mentioned here. only his mother and his grandmother and only the influence of the Apostle Paul who saw something in him that he didn't see in himself. He said you you commit these things to your own heart and then pass them on to somebody else. Endure hardness as a good soldier in Jesus. No man that warth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life, that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier. Every little boy, every little girl desires to please their earthly father and their earthly mother. You and I must set an example before them of wanting to please our heavenly father. Paul's charge to Timothy shows a fatherly role in passing the torch. Timothy's ministry would then spread the gospel across the entirety of Asia Minor. Paul hitting a few stops along the way. Timothy and his ministry saturated the rest of Asia Minor even after Paul was off the scene. This is the legacy of someone who didn't have perhaps an earthly son but chose a young man that he had confidence in to pour into. I want to thank you brothers for doing that. I want to thank you all for taking a a a young boy, a a growing young man who has no dad to hunting or or camping as you all have done, hiking, even if they give out halfway up the hill, take them anyway. Let them experience those things and the fact that you would take time for them. That reminds me of the importance of pouring in. There's so many even in this small church who don't know and did not know the positive influence of a godly father. It's up to you and I to help fill in that gap, to fill in that void. If you believe that, say amen. It would be a a good piece of advice to pass along to you because uh when I think about the wick of the of the lighthouse, I think about how that hard black edge forms on the top of that wick. And anyone who's ever lit a lamp, a kerosene lamp or a coal lamp, coal oil lamp, you understand that that hard part. Sometimes you can just kind of burn that off. But other times it just seems to increase and grow until it almost chokes out the flame. We're talking about a huge flame on a lighthouse lantern. And the importance of trimming that wick and never letting a day go by that it wasn't trimmed in time. Trimmed in time so that at the beginning of the of the dusk, the the wick could be lit without having to do it. Then it's kind of a lesson that I need to learn. Maybe we shouldn't put off for later. What needs to be done right now? Because there there is a time frame. We don't always know what the time frame is, but the scripture said we should work while it's day for night cometh. No man knows that day or the hour, but when that night comes, no man will be able to work. So, we are teaching our families the importance of keeping everything trimmed carefully watched over and making sure the soot gets off the lens. That's that that's that glass that goes around the top of the lighthouse. It gets smoky in there sometime if the wick isn't trimmed properly or if the oil supply gets low. And it's not fun. I wouldn't imagine it would be fun cleaning that glass. But somewhere out there was a was a captain in in a storm in a battle for his life who appreciated the faithfulness. No wonder he threw a lobster up on the shore. He appreciated the faithfulness of somebody under underpaid and hardly appreciated but vitally vitally important. In the message, the world is falling apart. I'm I'm nearly done this morning. The world is falling apart. Brother Brandham said in paragraph 179, those who were predestinated to eternal life, they got it. No man can come to me, said Jesus, except my father draws him and all the father hath given me will come. Ain't that right? But listen, that doesn't negate our cooperation with God's plan. He goes on to say, "We just got to even though somebody is predestinated and if they're not fornown, they cannot come. It's our responsibility not to know who is and who is not. It's our responsibility to scatter the seed and to do what?" Throw the light. Oh, each one of you, brother Brandham said, each one of you ought to be a lighthouse. Every father, every mother, every child of God, scattering the seed and shining the light. God, give us grace and strength to do that. 1 Timothy 6 verse 11 and 12. But thou, oh man of God, flee these things and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness. Fight the good fight of faith. This is Paul's instruction to his spiritual son. Fight the good fight of faith. lay hold on eternal life where unto thou art also called and hast professed a good profession before many witnesses. These verses make up what's called the pastoral epistles. They're written from Paul to Timothy to emphasize the necessity of spiritual leadership. But I want you to know that spiritual leadership doesn't only come from a pullpit. It can come from daddy's chair. It can come from mama's chair. Did you know your children don't have to get the Holy Ghost up here? Did you know your children can get the Holy Ghost at home? Did you know every every one of my first cousins received the baptism of the Holy Ghost in my grandmother's living room on a New Year's Eve? None of them in a Pentecostal church. My granny didn't care whether they went to where where they went to church as long as they went to church. But when they come to her house, she was going to build an atmosphere that made it possible that they could reach up for something more. And I watched my first cousins come under the influence of the Holy Ghost at home and not in the church. Wouldn't it be wonderful? I remember times that the presence of the Lord would come sweeping in the van as my wife and I would ride along with our children singing songs. And we have literally sat in the yard. We'd already got to the house, but we sat in the yard and continued to praise the Lord. Our children with us, not wanting to open the door and let it out, not wanting to disturb the presence of the Lord. It's possible. But how many of you know that atmosphere doesn't come when mom and daddy's fighting? Never does. In World War II, there was a soldier whose name was Robert who wrote letters to his children from the front lines. He was slightly older than most of his buddies. And in each one of those letters, he included a verse. And the first verse that he wrote was reported to be Joshua 1:9. Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage. Be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed. For the Lord thy God is with thee, whethersoever thou goest. He was facing the storms of war. He feared he'd never return, but he kept writing to his children to put their confidence in God, to pray, to trust God, to believe that if it was his will, he would spare Robert and let him come home to his family. Robert survived. Every one of those letters kept, preserved, and read for generations at family dinners, inspiring his sons and daughters, every one of them, all nine, to dedicate their lives to ministry. I read a story this week also of a dad, a dad of a teenage daughter lost his temper. No. After a tough day, snapping at her over a messy room. I don't think it's a good idea to let them have a messy room, but you should make sure yours is kept pretty neat if you're teaching them the same. Hello. Right. And I do believe there are things that matter more. That's just me. He really lost his temper, snapped. Later that evening, he was unable to sleep. He knocked on her door at midnight. He apologized and prayed with her and he showed her this psalm. The psalm that we have mentioned here so many times. Psalm 51 verse 10. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. That moment of humility, that moment of heartfelt apology. You see, all the I'm sorryries in the world will do no good until there's a change of behavior. Some people have a hard time apologizing. Some people apologize all the time and it means nothing. What your kids are looking for in you is the ability to say, "We got it wrong. That wasn't the way to handle that." My wife is here and she can tell you the big amen that we've had to do it multiple times. I wish we hadn't handled that. I I not too long ago said something to Joshua and I didn't even mean it. And he's a grown man, so to speak, with the fresh haircut. Thank you, Lord. We were driving home from church on a Sunday and I said something to him. It just came out. I don't even know why I said it because I didn't really even mean it in the way that it came out and it crushed my heart. I heard how cruel it could be taken. Honestly, I didn't even mean it cruy, but it the sound of my own voice saying those words sounded so cruel to me that it broke my heart. And I apologize to him. I'm so sorry. I didn't even mean it the way it could easily be taken. "It's all right, Dad," he said. But before we got home, I only lived four miles. Before we got home, I'd apologize at least three more times. We got home to change clothes and I went back in his room before I could even finish what I was doing. and I grabbed him and I hugged him and I said, "I am so very very sorry. Can't promise that I won't ever hurt you again, but I'll do my best. Words matter. None of us are above it. We've got to watch it, don't we? I'm glad for every daddy in this house that cares enough to go back and say, "I'm really sorry and I'm really going to change my way and do it." Change behavior is what makes a difference. Right? When that when that dad got down on his knees with his rebellious teenage daughter, she'd really been giving him some trouble. And it was easier for him to snap at her because of it. But he went in and got down with his Bible and read by her bed. Created me a clean heart, oh God. That moment of humility and sincere apology. And her dad, it was like a chisel going into that rebellion. It just started cracking it open. And later she said, "It was not until that night that I ever understood what grace looked like." His apology to her was so sincere and so heartfelt that she began to spew all of the reasons, all the feelings and the emotions that she had shut in and had eventually led to her ultimate rebellion against her parents. It all come washing out of her in that one moment. May May God give every one of us who need that kind of a moment with our children. May God give us an opportunity. You that have small David, I pray you never have to have that. You You're small. Benjamin, I pray you never have to have that. But if you ever do, may God grant you that moment, the wisdom, the strategy to start cracking away that rebellious heart. Because if it doesn't get broken, it only expands. It grows. So today, this is what I want us to leave here with. A scripture that says in 2 Corinthians chapter 13:5, my brothers and sisters, if we're called to be lighthousekeepers for our own family, then first we have to do what 2 Corinthians 13:5 says, examine yourselves. Whether you be in the faith, prove your own selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you, except you be reprobate, looking inward instead of outward, checking up to see what we could do different instead of always dealing out what everybody else can do different. That's going to be the most effective way. Trim your wick, wipe your lens, haul your oil to the top of the stairs. Don't let that light go out. Make up your mind. Matthew chapter 5 verse 16. Let your light, this is red letters, so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. I cannot stress enough the importance of learning to trust. You can't trust your parents. Who can you trust? If you can't know they're going to be there for you, who will? In the message in closing, the uncertain sound, brother Brandham had found his way up to the top of the Statue of Liberty. Paragraph 74, he said, "Down through the ages, she never varied. at little old church that believe that word of God weighed right through every persecution there. They tried to stamp it out, burn it out, persecute it out, kill it out, drown it out. And what happens? She wades on. He said some time ago standing in the Statue of Liberty, a little bunch of sparrows laying dead. He's standing literally in the torch of the Statue of Liberty. It was opened for visitors at the time. And he sees these little dozens of dead sparrows laying all around. He said, "What's the matter?" And they said to him, "There was a storm last night and that big light was beaming out across the water and every one of those little birds were lost. He said if they just knowed to took the light, if they could have just taken the light, that light would have guided them to safety. That light was there to say to the ships, "Don't come any closer. You're going to run around if you do." The little birds didn't understand the message. He said, "What was they trying to do?" They tried to beat the light out. What did they do? They beat their brains out trying to put out the light. The light that was sent to help them. You cold formal Pentecostals, you cold formal Methodists, you cold formal Baptists, you cold formal message believers. I just added that you unbeliever that's trying to beat Christ out of the nation, trying to put education and science instead of the Holy Ghost, you'll beat your brains out and the light will still beam on and on and on and on. Yes, sir. Let's stand. The musicians are coming. Do you know what the problem was? Those little birds didn't trust the light. If you're going to be a successful lighthouse to your family, you're going to have to show them through your years of endurance and faithfulness that they can trust you. It's it's the most important thing. If you want to speak into somebody's life, you can only do it when there's a trust. I am uh extremely thankful. I am close enough to some of these families to know that uh these dads aren't perfect, but I'm very thankful that they are dedicated, committed to leading by example, bringing their families to church. If you sit back when the spirit of God is moving, a lot of times your children will too. Don't send them to the front. Bring them. Come with them. Show them that humble heart. Teach them how to approach God that way. That's one thing you'll never be sorry of. You'll never be ashamed. and you'll never regret the times that you pointed them toward the Lord. He's the best kind of papa I know. Faithful in all of his ways. Lord, I want to thank you right now. My heart is a bit full today and my mind searches this house. Not just fathers that are here, but even fathers that have gone before us. Some of them not living the best of lives. in their younger years, but finding you and changing everything. They've gone before us. We're going to go along behind them one of these days. And Lord, may we reach higher than they reached. May we go deeper than they went. May we be even better examples than they were. I was thinking that without you, Lord, none of us would be able to do this. It's only by your grace. Will you touch these great men? Will you fill them with more of the Holy Ghost and fire? Will you touch their homes, their children, their wives? Will you strengthen them? May you give us grace to build stronger families because in building a stronger family, we're building the kingdom of God. We'll give you praise and honor and glory for it's in the name of Jesus Christ that we confess our failure to you and ask for your help. And the saint said, "Amen." When I came in here this morning, I was thinking of Jonathan and I was thinking of brother Marin Hollis, Jonathan's dad. He was a short fellow with the big guitar. I'll never forget the first time I ever saw him heard him sing the guitar bigger than he was. He really looked like a just a little short fellow with a big guitar and he was singing a song that says, "If you'll move over just a little bit, I'll help you carry your load." And I'm sitting there thinking, "Man, brother, you don't look big enough to carry your load. How are you going to carry somebody else's load?" Ninth grade education. Never never finished high school. worked hard, didn't even have a driver's license, but loved the Lord and his word and this message with everything that was in him. He saw it. He didn't just hear it. He saw it. He sat in Shreveport and saw the glory and presence of God come down in those meetings, changing his life forever. I I went on to discover how that little short fella was going to help me carry my load and help his kids carry their load. He was going to do it in prayer. No driver's license, but he had a place of prayer on the creek. And he was coming back from that place of prayer. I promise you, Jonathan, Sharon, and Rachel, I promise you, I know beyond the shadow of a doubt that he called every one of your names at the creek that day. I believe he called my name at the creek that day. The last testimony that he ever gave in church, he stood up and he just started. They just started to our church. But he stood up and gave this testimony. He said, "I want to thank God for a pastor with a backbone like a saw log. I know he called my name that day in prayer." That's the legacy that he left. I wished you could have had him in Jod. I didn't call Jod's name. I wish you could have had him. Uh, I wish that he could have stayed here to be an old grumpy man that you'd have had to whatever to take care of him, cut his toenails. But the Lord had another plan. He did. He took him. What a legacy he left behind. I can't physically carry anybody else's load, but I know where the answers are. I'll go down to the place on the creek and pour my heart out to God. He'd come he come along that way and a car come along. Somebody drinking and carrying on and ran over him and pinned him to the tree backed off and left him to bleed there to death. I was in the courthouse when the trial came up and I I heard Jonathan's mother who's with the Lord now. Country and plain and simple. And I I doubt she graduated from high school. Did she? She did. She looked and she said to those who were responsible, I want you to know I forgive you because Jesus has forgiven me. Oh Lord of mercy, I lost the dearest thing to me. But I want you to know the forgiveness of the Lord and the grace of God. That's the legacy that mama left behind. I just I got overwhelmed. I just looked over and saw Jonathan shiny head and I thought, "Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Anything good that you can accomplish for the Lord is by his grace and by the legacy." I don't know that they understood it all because I don't. But what they knew, they believed with all of their heart. Folks, if you can't leave anything behind but the but the example of taking it to the Lord in prayer. Do that for your kids. Jason, you ought to let Axel hear you raising the rafters every now and again, not fussing. praying, calling on the Lord. That's the lesson. Come and sing a worship song. I'm I'm too mushy to talk now and I've talked enough. Thank God for all these wonderful godly fathers. I' [Music] think you're like, but I tender whisper of love in the dead of night. Can you tell me that you're pleased that I am never alone? [Music] You're a good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You're a good good father. It's who you are. Yes, you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. [Music] Oh, I see many searching for answers far and wide. But I know Jesus, you are that and you proide. Cuz you know just what we need before we even say a word. You're a good good father. Who are you are? Oh, it's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, I see many searching for answers far and wide. But I know that Jesus, you are that and you proide cuz you know just what we need before we even say our word. You're a good good father. It's who you are. Oh, it's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Because you are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. Oh, you are perfect in all of your ways. Oh Jesus. Oh because you are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. Jesus. Sing that again. Because you are perfect. Because you are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways, Jesus. [Music] Oh, it's love so uniable. I can hardly speak. Peace so unexplainable. I I can't hardly think as you call me. Deeper still as you call me. Deeper still as you call me. deeper still into love. Oh love, love. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, it's who I am. You're a good, good father. It's who you are. Oh, it's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Sing this part. And you're perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways, oh Jesus. Lord, we're not we are not perfect in all of our ways. No daddy, no mama, no husband, no wife, no human perfect in all of their ways, but you are. And we want to thank you for it. We want to thank you for the perfection of the sacrifice that was offered on our behalf. We want to serve you and love you with all that we have. Lord Jesus, may we bring glory and honor to your kingdom. We want to have every father to come and stand here just a moment. We want to pray over you. We're going to make room for you. Come on. We're going to ask your family to come and stand behind you. Those of them that are here, and if you don't have anybody here, somebody get around Brother Shaw. And he's been a daddy to a lot of folks. Oh Jesus, strengthen. Let's get you all to come down. You daddies, come down. Let your family stand behind you. [Music] I usually say this and I haven't said it. I thank God for every mama who had to be both. My mama was both. She had to be a mama and a daddy to me. And I appreciate that sacrifice. God didn't build a woman like that. But what a woman has to do sometimes, she just does it. And my mother did that and I'm thankful for her. So if there are mothers here that had to be both, God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. And may we may we not continue that tradition, but may we we be everything we can for our children because we had a mama who did it all. Amen. Father, would you come now, Lord Jesus? Would you touch these men of God? Would you fill them Lord with strength and with grace and courage? May they today feel valued by their families, by their community. What would we do without their strength? What would we do without their amens? And not just the ones that come from their mouths, but the ones that also come from their lives. What would we do, Lord, without them? Would you just surround them today? [Music] Make us better dads and granddads. Let your word burn in our hearts. Give us wisdom to teach it to set an example with it to be all that you have called us to be. Lord, let all of our daddies today, let us everyone trim our wicks and polish our lenses and haul the oil to the top of the lighthouse and make sure that we are constantly consistently sending out a light to those around us. As brother Vanham said, every one of us be a lighthouse. And the first place to be a lighthouse is to our own families. to every stepdad, to every foster dad, to every adopted dad. Strengthen them, bless them, fill them. Lord, you see uh men among us who have not yet had the opportunity to have a child of their own. But I don't know any of them to be selfish men. I see every one of them to be givers and lovers and they adopt somebody else's and ride them on the tractor and hug them and embrace them and love them and Lord strengthen these men. I pray [Music] You know, that's perfectly all right. That does not disturb me at all. Reach your hand toward Josiah, who may perhaps have the most difficult task among us. Thank God for the help that he gets, but that doesn't always relieve the burden. Strengthen our brother today, Lord. single dad, but a loving father and one who desires the very best for Charlotte. And we ask you today, Lord, to pour into him when his oil gets to running low and his wick gets a little burned over. Would you stir him and pour into him? And would you help others to [Music] help him along the way. Not only just in the physical, but but emotionally and spiritually. May we pour into him, Lord. There may be an overwhelmed dad here today. Would you just fill them and give them strength to run on? Uh-huh. There may be some broken relationships represented here today. Disappointments and regrets. Would you heal, Lord? What can be healed? Give fresh starts to what needs to start again. Grace for closure when things need to be closed. What a good papa you've been. None of us thought we could and we realized quite quickly we couldn't without you. But you have provided what we need and we praise you. I don't ever remember it being so noisy on Mother's Day. Why? Why is it that on Father's Day they're all stirred? Oh Jesus. I wished I could have done better this morning in the delivery. And I wished I could have taken out of my heart, laid it here on the pull pit so you could have seen what was in it. I just want all of you to know we love you and we are so excited. I couldn't have done no good if I didn't work up a good sweat. But may God strengthen every one of you. I don't want to tell your families how to do it, but I hope I hope before you go to bed at tonight, I hope you feel valued and seen and important in your kids' life, cuz you are. Now, Charlotte, you be sure to tell daddy all those things I just said. You men are blessed. You've got good wives to stand with you and bless you and support you. A lot of you do love one another, would you? Let's go home. Let's be dismissed today in the name of the Lord Jesus. Happy Father's Day. Love you. [Music] [Music] [Music]
