################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Not For Sale Defending Your Spiritual Heritage - Pastor Steven L. Shelley - Steven Shelley.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    Not For Sale: Defending Your Spiritual Heritage — Pastor Steven L. Shelley
Speaker:  Steven Shelley
Church:   New Hope Revival Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPud0bweD4c
========================================

Description:
Pastor Shelley uses the story of Naboth’s vineyard to challenge believers against compromising their spiritual inheritance. Just as Naboth refused King Ahab’s offer, declaring “The Lord forbid it me,” Christians must protect biblical standards from gradual erosion. Using the metaphor of ancient landmarks moved “inch by inch,” the message warns how subtle compromises accumulate over generations until foundational truths seem extreme, calling believers to stand firm on Scripture regardless of cultural pressure or personal cost.

---

New Hope Revival Ministries
with Pastor Steven L. Shelley

For over 40 years, we’ve ministered a prophetic message of deliverance and hope to the End-time Bride of Jesus Christ. Our confidence is in the unfailing Truth of God's Word—bringing total transformation to the life of the Believer. We hope our media will be a blessing to you, as the Lord Jesus Christ proves Himself the same yesterday, today and forever in your life!

We invite you to subscribe to our channel, and to like and share this video!

Download our free mobile and SmartTV app:
https://subsplash.com/newhoperevivalministries/app

Visit our free online video library:
https://revival.org/media

Help support our ministry:
https://revival.org/give

May God richly bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] on the Resurrection morning when all the dead in Christ shall rise. Praise the Lord, I'll have a new life. Son in weakness, raised in power, ready to live in paradise. Praise the Lord, I'll have a new life. I'll have a new hope of love eternal. When the redeemed of God just be no pain and there'll be no more strife. Oh, raised in the likeness of my savior. Ready to live in the glory land. I'll have a new life. Praise the Lord, I'll have a new life. Oh, free from every imperfection. And happy I shall be. I'll have a new life. Praise the Lord, I'll have a new life. Oh, glorified with him forever. Death be lost in victory. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. I'll have a new hope of love eternal when the redeemed of God just be no pain and there'll be no more sha raised in the likeness of my savior ready to live in glory live. Praise the Lord, I'll have a new life. Oh, what a hallelujah morning when the last trump of God shall sound. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. Oh, graves all burst and saints are shouting. Heavenly beauty all around. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. And I'll have a new hope of love eternal when the redeemed of God just be no pain and there'll be no more. Oh, raised in the likeness of my savior ready to live in glory land. I'll have a new life. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life on the resurrection morning. All the dead in Christ shall rise. Praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. Son in weakness, raised in power, ready to live in paradise. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. And I'll have a new hope of love eternal. When the redeemed of God you see there be no pain and there'll be no more shine. Oh raised in the likeness of my savior ready to live in glory live. Oh praise the Lord I'll have a new life. Oh free from every imperfection. Youthful and happy I shall be. I'll have a new life. Praise the Lord I'll have a new life. Oh glorified with him forever. Death will be lost in victory. have a new life. Praise the Lord. I'll have a new life and I'll have a new hope. I'll love eternal when the redeemed of God. There'll be no pain and there'll be no [Music] warriors to live in glory. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. Oh, what a hallelujah morning when the last trump of God shall sound. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. Oh, graves all burst and saints a shout. Heavenly beauty all around. I'll have a new life. Oh, praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. And I'll have a new hope of love eternal in the redeemed of God just be no pain and there'll be no more shine. Oh, raised in the likeness of my savior, ready to live in glory. Live. Praise the Lord. I'll have a new life. Oh, hallelujah. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. This is a city where the lamb is the light. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where they're coming night. Well, I'm a mansion over there and we're free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. And here we have our days of sunshine. But we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright. We'll be changing clouds and rain until we go to that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming night. Well, I'm a mansion over there and we're free from toilet and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Here the flowers bloom forever and a day. We'll be one eternal day without an eye. And our tears shall be forever wiped away. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. It's in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming night. Well, I have a mansion over there. bread with free from soil and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Here we have our disappointments all the while. And our fondest hopes will meet us bitter ride. Though the night we wait, the morning brings a smile. It's in that city where the lamb is the lie. Oh, in that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where there comes no night but I have a mansion over there and we're free from choice here I am going where the lamb is the light and here we have our days of sunshine but we know that the sun which shines upon us now so bright will be chains of clouds and rain till we go to that city where the lamb is It's in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming night well over there and we're free from to I am going where the lamb is the light. There the flowers bloom forever and shall be one eternal day without an eye. and our tears shall be forever wiped away. It's in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. Well, I'm a manion over there and with free from toilet hair. I am going where the lamb is the light. It's in that city where the lamb is the lie. In that city where they're coming night. Well, I will make you over there and free from care. I am going where the lamb. Sing that one last time. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming all night. Well, I have a mansion over there. And with free toilet care, I am going where the lamb is the lie. Oh, hallelujah. What a day. [Music] If you've been walking the same old road for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice tell the same old lies. If you're trying to fill the same old holes inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. If you've got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's the way maker. Oh, if you need freom or saving, I know the prison shaking. Savior. If you've got chains, he's a chain [Music] breaker. We've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. And we've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. Oh, when we've all run the things we know just ain't right. Oh, and there's a better life. I know a better life. If you got pain, he's a painaker. Oh, and if you feel lost, he'll be your way maker. Oh, if you need freedom or saving, I know the prison shaking. Savior, if you got chains, he's a chain breaker. We've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. And we've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. Oh, and we've all run. The things we know just ain't right. Oh, and there's a better life. I know a better life. If you've got pain, he's a pain. Oh, and if you feel lost, I know the way maker. Well, if you need freedom or some saving, I know a prison shaking savior if you got chains. He's a chain breaker. If you believe it, if you receive it, if you can feel it, somebody testify. If you believe it, if you receive it. Oh, and if you can feel it, somebody [Music] testify. Oh, if you believe it, then you'll receive it. And if you can feel it, somebody testify. Testify. If you believe it, oh then you're going to receive it. And if you can feel it, somebody testify. Testify. Oh, if you believe it. Oh, I believe you're going to receive it. And if you can feel it, somebody testify. If you've got pain, he's a pain taker. Well, and if you feel lost, he'll be your way maker. Oh, if you need freedom or saving, I know the prison shaking. Savior, if you've got chains, now he's a chain breaker. If you've got pain, he's the pain taker. And if you feel lost, he's your way maker. Oh, if you need freedom or saving, I know the prison shaking savior. If you've got chains, he's a chain breaker. Yes. Oh, you break every chain, oh Lord. You break every chain. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I cast my mind to calary where Jesus bled and died for me. I see his wounds, his hands, his feet. My savior on that cursed tree, his body bound and drenched in tears. They laid him down in Joseph's tomb, the entrance sealed by heavy stone. Messiah still and all. Oh, praise the name of the Lord our God. Oh, praise his name forever more. your endless face. I will sing your praise, oh Lord. Oh Lord our God. Oh, praise the name of the Lord our God. Oh, we praise his name forever more. For endless days we will sing your praise, oh Lord. Oh Lord our God. And then on the third break of dawn, the son of [Music] heaven rose again. He trampled death. Where is your sting? The angels roar for Christ the king. [Music] Oh, praise the name of the Lord our God. Oh, we praise his name forever more. For in this days I will sing your praise. We sing. Oh Lord, oh Lord our God. And then on the third break of dawn, the son of hell rose again. He trampled death. Where is your sting? The angels roar for Christ the King. Oh, praise the name of the Lord our God. Oh, we praise his name forever more. for in this day. Lord, I will sing your praise. Oh Lord, oh Lord our God, he shall return in robes of white. The blazing sun shall pierce the night and I will rise among the saints. My gains transfixed on Jesus face. And we sing, "Oh, praise the name of the Lord our God. Oh, we praise his name forever more. For inless days I will sing your praise, oh Lord. Oh Lord our God. Oh, praise the name of the Lord our God. Oh, praise his name [Music] forever more. For endless days, I will sing your praise. Oh Lord, oh Lord our God. Sing it like that again. Oh, praise the name of the Lord our God. Praise his name forever foreverless. [Music] I will sing your praise. Oh Lord. Oh Lord our God. Oh praise the name of the Lord our God. Oh we praise his name forever more for endless day. Lord I will sing your praise. Oh Lord, oh Lord our God, we sing. Oh Lord, oh Lord our God, and you have the name above all names, my God, and you are worthy of all praise. Oh Lord, my heart will Oh, it'll sing. How great, how great is our God. You have the name. Oh, and you have the name. Yes, you do, Lord. It's above every name. Oh, my God. And you are worthy of all praise. [Music] So Lord, my heart will sing. It'll sing. How great, how great is our [Applause] [Music] God. The splender of a [Music] king clothe in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. Oh, he wraps himself in light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide. It trembles at his voice. It trembles at his voice. And how great is our God. Won't you sing with me? How great is our God? We want all to see how great, just how great is our God. Tell him how great he is this morning. Oh, how great you're so great, Lord, is our God. Oh, won't you sing with me? How great, how great is our God? We want all to see how great, just how great is our God. [Music] Well, age to age he stands. You see, time is in his hands. He's the beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. Oh, the Godhead three. It's in one. Oh, cuz you are father, spirit, and son. And you're the lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. Well, how great is our God. Oh, come on and sing with me. How great, how great is our God. And we want all to see how great, just how great, how great is our God. Cuz you have the name above all names. Lord, you are worthy of all praise. So Lord, my heart will sing. How great. Oh, how great is our God. [Music] And you have the name above all things, Lord. And you are worthy of all praise. And Lord, my heart will sing. It'll sing. How great is our God. Bring the music down and sing that again. name above. Oh, and you have the name above all. And you are worthy of praise. And Lord, my heart will sing our God. Sing the chorus. How great. Oh, and how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. We want all to see how great, just how great is our God. Sing it like that again. How great. Oh, and how [Music] great is our God. Won't you sing with me? How great is our God? We want all to see how great. Just how great is our [Laughter] God. Oh Lord, we recognize your greatness. Great is your faithfulness. Great is your love. Great is your sovereignty, Lord. How we give you praise for all that you are to us. My redeemer, my God, in whom I put my trust. Lord, I give you praise. My master, my healer, my deliverer. You are all that you said you would be to us. You have not changed. Lord, I thank you that you continue to reveal yourself and show yourself mighty in our lives. How I thank you, Lord. Oh, you've not lost your power. You've not lost your goodness, your faithfulness, Lord. You are faithful and we praise you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Jesus. You are good. Good. Good. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can you let a hallelujah come out of your mouth? Oh, hallelujah. To our God be praise. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord. We want to go to Thank you, Lord. We're going to take our needs to him, the one who's able to meet them today. Do you have a spoken need that you would like to make known by the lifting of the hand all over the building out across the stream? The Lord sees the needs that you have. He knows what they are and he knows best how to meet them. Would you remember my wife today? The Lord would heal her of all the symptoms that she's dealing with. Also, Carol Collins requested that we would pray for her. The Lord knows her need. Let's continue to remember sister Jada and her family to the Lord. Her mother particularly and her siblings and and the in-laws that God would comfort them. Yes. Uh and and help them in such a time of of loss and and need. We've all walked through that kind of grief. It comes in waves. We don't understand it. Things affect us that have never affected us before when we're grieving. So, please remember that family and others who are still grieving their loss. Uh the Lord sees those needs and there are some traveling. Um Luke and Luke Yovich and his family left yesterday going to Mississippi for a family gathering today and they'll be coming back. I don't I didn't hear if they were this afternoon. That's a long way. Uh pray that God will be with them. Uh I know that brother R.J. and his family are going to Kansas this week and will be there for an extended period of time. We want to pray the Lord's safety over them and his protection along the way and uh traveling is is uh hard enough but to have small children, God is good to them and I know that he will be and I think sister Laurel and are traveling. Is it this week? They're traveling on Wednesday as well. Pray for them that God will be with them. Sister Trish mentioned to me yesterday that she's still struggling in her breathing. I know the Lord can move that. Yes. I prayed last night specifically because it hung in my mind that God would move that for her. Yes. Um I'm like other a few others here. Breathing is such an important part of life and and breathing the the ability not to you know the feeling of not breathing well that really gets me. So that stayed in my mind and I prayed, let's ask the Lord to just move that to bring perfect healing. Amen. And Jessica still, she's, of course, she needs our prayers like everyone else who is navigating a loss. Amen. Even Sister Cindy still, she has things that uh come up in her life that I know I know every day she misses Anthony. Pray that God will just give them the strength to press on. I'm glad we're about to see them all. Amen. Amen. This may not seem like a prayer song to you, but it's truth. Sing it with me. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. Righteous run into it and they are safe. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. Righteous run into it and they are saved. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Brother Hawk, will you come and pray today? Name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it. and they are saved. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Yes, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We come before you to bless you, King of the universe. Lord, may we have a fresh revelation of who you are. You're the God Almighty. Amen. You are that king. That king with all power and with all authority. That's right. Healing flows from your throne. Glory. Glory. Everything we need comes from you. We were created for you. That's right. And you gave us a heart and everything that heart needs comes only from you. That's right. And so right now, right now, oh God. Yes, sir. We look to you. Yes, sir. We look to you for the strength that we need to overcome. That's the truth. That's the for leadership of our lives, for every decision that we need to make because we know if it comes from you, it is right and it is perfect. That's right. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, if we could just see you right now, how you truly are, your character, your nature, your ability, our doubt would crumble and our faith would rise up to only look to you. So, we just speak to the rock. Let healing flow right now in the authority of Yeshua, the one who is risen from the dead. Yes. Yes. Lord, I'm asking right now, would you just stir up our innermost being? Lord, you promise there would come strength from our inner man. Oh, yeah. It's you, oh Father, in us, giving us the strength, giving us the comfort. Those that are grieving right now, you are the true comforter. It only comes from you. And what is amazing, Lord. Our hope is not for this moment only. It's for eternity. You're making something for eternity. You're making sons and daughters. They're going to m be mature. They're going to rule and reign. Amen. Of course, the life is hard. You promised it. You said so. But because of you, we have the strength to mature, to overcome, and the perfect plan is going to unfold. You're putting everything in place in the world. It's all coming together. Your word is coming together and your bride is going to step into place in union with you. Yes. And so we just ask that the perfect plan for every one of us would unfold and you would give us the grace to follow you because you said the spirit the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Amen. May we just may we grasp that. Lord help us oh God. Lord to surrender everything to you. Oh ree to surrender everything to you Lord. We give you our hearts again. You gave it to us, but we're giving it back to you. Have your perfect way in our lives in the name of Yeshua. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. You may have your seats today. Yes, sir. We are blessed to be in the house of the Lord gathered together. Caleb, it's nice to see you today. The Lord bless you. Pray that the Lord will help you here today. Sister Dorothy, it's nice to see you again today. The Lord bless you. Jessica and Brandy Michelle, it's always nice to see you, too. God bless you both. Sister Melinda Syler, it's nice to see you today holding the grandbaby. It's nice to have you here today. The Lord bless you. We're just glad to be gathered together in the house of the Lord. I am so thankful that he told us in the New Testament that out of men's bellies should flow rivers of living water. You know, he started out in the book of Genesis talking about a river that came out of Eden into the garden to water it and he hasn't left us without water since. He is the living water. Amen. The children of Israel had gotten to a place where that they had forsaken the Lord. And they chose other ways to get their water. They hewed them out sistns broken that couldn't hold water. But he said that he was a living water. And I'm thankful that he's still giving us that living water today and he's breaking down his word. I thought time and again and mentioned it to a few people when I moved here going toward 30 years ago. How is this possible? Next year will be 30 years. There was a booklet that was being distributed, write the vision. And that comes from the book of Habach. And to write the vision was of course about a vision of a bride coming to her maturity. And we've had our ideas. We've had our thoughts what all of it meant. But it's become so real over the last couple of weeks as we've been hearing the word of the Lord that the vision of a bride who is whole spirit, soul, and body. God is laying it out on the table. It is a written vision that is being put before us and it is being made so plain. The the truths of the word of God being made so plain to us, preached to us in such a way the the the the wording, the phrasiology, all of the words that are being used and broken down and given to us, we should not trip over it. We shouldn't we shouldn't in any way say I can't understand that language. It's being made plain. Very very plain. And why is that? It's because the Lord is wanting us to be whole. Completely whole in our spirit and in our soul, our mind, our will and our emotions and in our physical body. He wants a people who are so reliant on him until that we know that he is the source of all that we are and that we can come to him. Bring our needs, our brokenness, our our broken hearts, our grieving spirits, our bodies that are not uh cooperating right. We can bring it all to him and he is everything. I'm thankful for it. I'm thankful that I can be in a place where truth is told. Truth matters. It does. Again, we're glad that you're here in the house of the Lord. I'm glad to be here in under the under the presence of the canopy of the Lord to know that he's in the house. And uh, Brother Cade, will you get ready to sing? We're going to receive the tithe and offering and let Brother Cade uh, will worship with him as he sings and usher us into the preaching of the word. We just want to be in a right atmosphere for whatever the Lord wants to speak to us today. Getting all the distractions out of our minds, getting all of the disturbances off of our hearts, and just setting them aside. This is God's time. However long he wants to do it, this is his time and we give it to him. Brother Ellias, will you come and help us today? Brother Austin Hodes, will you help our brother and go to the people for the tithe and offering? Give as giving unto the Lord. And let's worship together as we're preparing our hearts for the preaching of the word. We love you, Jesus. We love you, Lamb of God. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your name, [Music] Lord, Lord. I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see in me will be stripped away by the power of your love and Oh be close. Let your love surround me. Oh Jesus pray. Be near. Draw me to your [Music] side. In as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle. And I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. [Laughter] [Music] Lord, unveil these eyes and let me see you face to face the knowledge of your love as you [Music] live in me. [Music] Lord renew my mind as your will unfolds in my life and living every [Music] day by the power of your love. Oh, hold me close and let your love surround me. Oh Jesus, bring me. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle. And I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your [Music] love. Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, and flowing from the grace that I found. Oh, in [Music] you, Lord. I've come to know all the weaknesses I see in me will be stripped away. Oh yes, by the power of your love. Oh, hold me close. Let your love surround me. Oh Jesus, breathe me. Draw me into your Sing it like a prayer with me right now. into your side and I rise like the promise of singing it and I will sing it. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. One more time. Enter into that. Let the Lord hold you. Oh, and hold hold me close. Let your love surround me. Let your love surround me. Oh Jesus, free draw me to your side. Oh, and as as I wait, I'll rise like the eagle [Music] and I will sow with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Sing the last line. And I will soar with you. And I will soar with you. Your spirit, your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Well, we thank you, Lord, for love that lifts us. Your love lifts us. Aren't you glad for a love that lives us? I was sinking deep in sin. Far from the peaceful shore, just a little bit, very deeply, staying within, sinking to rise no more. But the master of the sea, he heard my despairing cry, and from the waters lifted me, now safe am I. Oh, it was love lifted me. Oh, his love lifted me. I remember When nothing else could help, love lifted me. It was his love that lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. [Music] Nothing else could help love lifted me. One more verse. All my heart to him I give. Ever to him I'll cling. And in his blessed presence live, ever his praises. Love so mighty. Love so mighty and so true. It merits best songs. Faithful loving service to to him. Let me hear you sing. love lifted me. It was his love that lifted me when nothing else could help. Love, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. It was his love that lifted me. [Music] When love lifted me. His love lifted me. Praise the Lord. What love. What boundless love. What perfect love. What unconditional love the Lord has loved us with. Can you shout amen? It's wonderful to be in the presence of the Lord. Today it happens to be in church where we are enjoying his presence. But I appreciate being in the presence of the Lord every day of my life. He walks with me and he talks with me along the way and I'm thankful for it. and he will you if you'll make him lord of all. Uh the Bible tells us that the very nature of the eternal spirit of God, that father nature is a jealous God. One who says I want to be everything. And you know it's hard for human beings. He knew it. He made us this way. But it's hard for human beings to be that dependent on anything or anyone. But I'm glad we have somebody. Amen. Huh? We've got somebody. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you found the way? Amen. Amen. Uh let's thank God for the for the musicians, their gifts, and their giving of themselves to the work of the Lord. There's a stranger on the guitar this morning, and we surely appreciated him today. God bless you, brother. Glad you're home for the weekend. Would you get your Bibles this morning and uh turn to the book of First Kings, chapter 21? We want to say that uh somehow I didn't yet have it on my calendar. It takes me a year or so to get it that Judith's birthday, Judith Ellsworth's birthday was yesterday, May the 24th, and she is also one year old. We've got several of those one-year-olds this year because so many of the sisters were expecting at the same time. And we're excited about it. We're thankful for her. She's a cutie and she was making Google eyes at me this morning uh while she was there with her mother. And uh we're thankful for her and I I didn't get it on. I'm sorry. Tomorrow is Sharon Rose uh Van Hutin in the Netherlands. she was with us. It's her birthday tomorrow. We send lots of uh happy birthdays to her. And uh well, it's a beautiful time to be in Holland because the the tulips are probably still blooming. And if you've ever been there during that time, you know that it it looks like a postcard. And we send our love there. She shares a birthday with Jerusalem because tomorrow is Jerusalem Day. It's the day that especially when in Israel we celebrate the reunification of the city of Jerusalem and we're thankful for what God has done. And if you have ever uh taken a chance to pray as the scripture commands, pray for the peace of Jerusalem, then now would be a great time to do it because she has known a lot of troubles, hasn't she? Wednesday of this week is Sister Rebecca's daughter Mariah's birthday and we want to hold her up to the Lord in prayer. wish her a very happy birthday and pray that God's perfect will be done in her precious life. Her life like your life is precious to the Lord. Uh Friday is Chad's birthday. We got to spend uh see him and enjoyed him being around us yesterday. We want to continue to pray for him that he will go on to put the Lord first in his life and be all that God created him to be. And uh Friday is a good day to harass him in love. So take full advantage of that opportunity. I would you. And then Saturday, May 31st is Aaron's birthday. How old is Aaron going to be this time around? 15. Oh my. Uh we send our love to him. And they had a wonderful hike yesterday. Uh I'm assuming by the way a few of them smelt when they came into the birthday party that they enjoyed their time. And uh I'm glad they got to do both. And uh while saying that, let me say you made a pap's heart real happy yesterday. All your love that you showered on uh Elelliana and on Benjamin and Jenna. Uh it was very special. And uh she was very happy long into the night. I don't know how she slept. I didn't ask this morning, but she was still ready to play about 9 or 9:30 last night. Still playing. and uh thank you for your love for our family. We appreciate it very much. First Kings chapter 21 beginning uh in verse one, I want to read a few verses of scripture. And I was going to say, Jason, we're always glad you're home. You know, we kind of went down the middle there. And since that those are your sisters, I thought, well, we ought to say we're glad you're with us all the time. It's a blessing. I appreciate it so much. I think of your mom so often. I think of things that she said to me and prayer requests that she gave me and it blesses me. She would be so thrilled that three of her I I know Brandy has church and goes to church and maybe Jessica too, but she would be thrilled. This was her church and she would be thrilled that three of hers are in church this morning and it's not Mother's Day. It's not not any they're just here in the Lord good. Verse one. And it came to pass after these things that Neabboth, let me hear you say Neabboth. That Neabboth, the Jezraelite, had a vineyard which was in Jezrael. And you know there's no J in the Hebrew language. So it it would be more like Yesel. Hard by the place hard by the place of Ahab, king of Samaria. When I think of that hard by the place, I think of subdivision living. That's not quite the life for me. I would like to be able to uh, you know, correct my children without my neighbor knowing everything I say. You understand? When you can pass sugar out the window to the neighbor in the next window, that's not my kind of living. So when I hear this verse, I I understand that Nabboth's vineyard bordered the land of Ahab, who was the king. And uh he was king of Samaria, indicating what part of the divided kingdom that he ruled over. But we might as well say Israel because he was Israel's king. And Ahab spake unto Nabboth, saying, Give me thy vineyard, that I may have it for a garden of herbs. Isn't that sweet? He wanted an herb garden, because it is near unto my house. In other words, my cooks don't want to have to walk so far to get the the uh herbs, and your vineyard would make a wonder. will just chop down the trees and and plant rosemary or something like that. And he said, "But I I'll give thee for it a better vineyard than it or if it seem good to thee, I will give thee the worth of it in money." That means I'll buy it for a fair value. You understand the proposal, don't you? The next verse. And Nabboth said to Ahab, "The Lord forbid it me that I should give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee." The Lord forbid it me. There is something from the Lord that constrains me from allowing this land to leave my family line. This is my heritage. And I know you're the king, but the Lord is forbidding me to turn this land over to anyone other than my my own family. This is a big bold statement to make to the king, to your king, to the one who decides whether you live or die. Can you follow the story so far? Let's get another verse and then I'll let you be seated. We'll read the rest. And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Nabboth the Jezraelite had spoken to him. May I paraphrase by telling you he had pouty lips? He came in the house, the king of the land, with pouty lips, feeling sorry for himself because he didn't have the money or no, excuse me, because he wanted to buy something and they wouldn't sell it. It wouldn't be sold. might be like some of us who get our eye on a guitar or on uh you know something for the the house, maybe a a new couch or something. You but you can't get it. You just can't quite get it and you feel kind of disappointed and pouty. But this was multiplied many times over. He knew exactly what he was doing. This weak man. Weak man. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was appealing to the strength of his wife. Hello. Anybody here? Watch it. It said which Nabboth, let me start again. Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Nabboth the Jezraelite had spoken to him. For he had said, I will not give thee the inheritance of my fathers. I won't give it to you. I won't trade you for it. And I won't even sell it to you. It's not for sale. Let me hear somebody say, "Not for sale." Not for sale. And he laid down upon his bed and turned away his face. Oh my goodness. And he wouldn't even eat his supper. How sad. This is the king and he's behaving like a four-year-old. Somebody said, "Don't most husbands?" I'm not going there. Let's pray a moment. Father, in the name of Jesus, we thank you for the lifegiving power of your word. We thank you for every example given to us in scripture whereby as we learn in the New Testament that all scripture is inspired and every bit of it is given to us for instruction, for help and even for correction. And so we love looking at these beautiful stories of the Old Testament and we see the truths that are woven into these stories that are very applicable for the day day and hour in which we live for our lives today. Help us today to stand. May we have courage. May we have strength. May we not be powders that do without, but may we be those who stand on the promises of the word of God, protecting the truth and protecting our heritage from those who would like to squander it out of our hands. And we will give you glory, honor, and much praise for it's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Yeshua, our Messiah, that we pray. And the saints said, "Amen." You may be seated. But Jezebel his wife came to him. That's a familiar name. Jezebel. You know her, don't you? Yes. But Jezebel his wife came to him and said unto him, "Why is thy spirit so sad that thou eatest no bread?" And he said unto her, because I would like to do it in a whiny voice, but I won't, because I spake unto Nabboth the Jezraelite, and said unto him, Give me thy vineyard for money, or else if it pleas thee, I will give thee another vineyard for it. And he answered, I will not give thee my vineyard. Does anybody like that? I like it. I am not for sale. My vineyard is not for sale. My heritage is not for sale. I don't care who you are and how much money you have. It's not for sale. I'll not give it to you. So don't even ask for it again. And Jezebel, you know, she said unto him, "Don't you know who you are? Have you forgotten who you are? Don't you know that you govern the kingdom of Israel? Arise and eat bread, have your supper, and let your heart be merry because Jezie is going to take care of it for you. Are you following me? This is a name I use very often if I'm uh uh operating a GPS because I call that female voice telling me recalculating recalculate. I call her Jezebel by name. You just let Jezebel fix this for you. I want you to see this grown man, king of Israel, and his wife is going to take care of things for him. I'll you don't get your hands dirty because I'll I'll dirty my hands because I love you so much. You're so amazing. Don't you fall for that. She wasn't doing it for Ahab. She already had a plan. She was a wicked woman from the start. She was a Phoenician. And Ahab had no business marrying a Phoenician. He had no business marrying someone from another nation because God had been very specific and very calculated in his instruction not to take wives of other lands of other nations because he knew that Israel alone had been given a spiritual heritage and only a true Israelite would fight hard to keep that heritage protected. If you own a business, you can't really expect your employees to care about it and protect it and fight for it the way that you do because their interest is a weekly paycheck. Your interest is your whole future is tied up in it. Your home is tied up in it and everything you you treasure is tied up in it. And so no one is going to care about it like you. And and that is the reality here. Uh, it it meant something to Ahab. I I'd like to plant some herbs, but it didn't mean as much to Ahab as it meant to Nabboth because Nabboth's father had worked in that vineyard and had enjoyed the fruit of it. His grandfather, his greatgrandfather, his great great great greatgrandfather. It goes all the way, How do you know that? because it goes all the way back to the dividing of the land of Canaan. Each portion given to a tribe, one of the 12 tribes of Israel. And so we know that according to the scripture, it couldn't be sold. And so we can trace it all the way back to the dividing under the leadership of the prophet Moses. And his family had been on that land for generation after generation after generation. So, uh, it might have been a prime location for King Ahab, but for Nabboth, it represented the blood and the sweat and the tears and the care of his generations before him. He wanted his sons and his grandsons and his greatgrandsons and his great great great great grandsons to eat grapes and drink wine from that vineyard. In fact, he wanted it to be a perpetual uh contract as God had made it that it would always pass from generation to generation. Uh, so it was more valuable to Nabboth than a few herbs to King Ahab. You see, what you value, you'll give yourself to. What you value, you'll fight for. What you value, you might even die for. What you value, you'll stand up for. You'll be bold. You'll be courageous for. Anybody listening this morning? Uh it's very important that we understand what was going on in this struggle. Now we're in a series on manipulation and the next time that we are together pro perhaps Tuesday night or next Sunday we'll go into that part of the story. That's where I thought we would be this morning. How Jezebel began to you know uh navigate herself. She she began to work her magic. You know, I see her. I'm sorry. I I guess it sounds as though I have a real axe to grind with Jezebel. Well, I do. Uh because, you know, if if her death would have ended at all, that would have been all right. But the reality is what she carried is a spirit. We understand from the words of Jesus. what she carried is a spirit that the church and especially the bride church is is having to struggle against even in this hour. It's a controlling spirit. It's a spirit of manipulation and it's a genderless spirit. So don't you think that only women can operate in a spirit of Jezebel because a man can as well. a spirit of control and manipulation especially when it when it mixes in religion and spirituality. You can say that it's under the opice of that kind of spirit that Jezebel was was dealing with and operated in. Now let me just read these verses although we won't go very far into them this morning because the Lord is taking us in a slightly different direction than planned. But let's get the rest of this in. Aren't you the king? In verse seven, aren't you the one? Don't you have control? Now you just take it easy. Verse eight. So she she wrote letters. She became a forger. She wrote letters. She was operating in illegitimate authority. When you put someone else's name on something where you have no investment and no authority, no law to back you up, but you just write in someone else's name and you start conducting business on their behalf, it's a felony and you can go to prison for it. And uh if if he would have given her permission, perhaps there wouldn't have been a problem. We understand how things operate because we just had a period of time in our nation where uh you know perhaps some sort of uh computer or something some automatic pin of some kind was was signing laws and making changes and doing all kinds of things that we're now finding out that our our president at the time really had no knowledge of what all was going on in his name. It didn't matter because he was sort of living in his own little world, you know, as we do when we get in that condition. And so there were many people, I don't know if it'll ever come out, but it appears from what I'm hearing in the news this week, it appears that many people are culpable in this. And many people have have conducted business in the name of the president and in the name of our nation who really in themselves had no authority to do such. Jezebel tried it. She did it. She said, "I'll just write some letters, sign the king's name, seal them with his seal and send the letters unto the elders and unto the nobles that were in his city dwelling with Neabboth. I'm going to tell him a thing or two and do it in the name of the king." And she wrote in the letter, "Say, proclaim a fast." Now, here is where illegitimate stolen political authority becomes illegitimate, stolen religious authority. Now, for some of you, that should sound like Revelation 13 because that is what is promised in the end time that the political spirit of Rome will emerge. It will morph itself into the religious authority of Rome. And when that papo that that political and that papo when those things begin to come together natural authority and spiritual authority then there are two beast on the scene and one of those beasts the scripture tells us in Revelation 13 is two horned like a lamb and we understand because of not only brother Brandon but others before him who also had the understanding that there is another creature that has two horns, short horns like a little like a lamb and that is a buffalo. And so we understand prophetically that in Revelation chapter 13 we see the United States of America in symbol form. So don't ever come under that uh dispensational lie that America is not represented in the scripture. Indeed she is. And that is in Revelation chapter 13. And in that chapter again it talks about the merging together of of political and religion. When you have uh policy that is uh empowered by false religion. False policy empowered by false religion. No wonder it was a beast this time rising up out of the land and not out of the sea. How many of you follow and you're familiar? If you're not, go home and read Revelation chapter 13. You'll find it very interesting. So now she starts using religion. And she said fast. I I want to call a fast in the land. I not only am doing this in the name of my husband. I'm going to say we should have the nobles and the elders missing meals and you know sort of dedicating themselves for what the future holds. Proclaim a fast and set Nabboth on high. Elevate him. This is how the enemy works. He raises them up so he can cut them down. This is how the spirit of Jezebel works. She raises up a leader so that she can emasculate him. So that she can chop him off. It's bigger than our little dynamic relationships. We're talking about a world power. We're talking about a woman power because that's what is the church is represented by a woman. We're talking about at the same time that a true church begins to move into the fullness of who she is, here comes a false church rising up and uh I mean totally changing the the continuity of scripture. I've been studying a little bit again on the on the councils of the church and the nyine council is not the only one. It's ridiculously hard reading to try to go through it. And at the end of it, you sort of recognize that even they didn't understand the the mystery of the Holy Trinity. They were still trying to figure it all out. And sometimes what they said really didn't mean that much. It just simply meant we don't really know. We're just keeping all of our doors open. How many of you know that's not revelation? You you you can't vote on vote and decide what the truth is. The truth is not what the majority votes on. The truth is what the Holy Ghost says the word means. That's where revelation comes in. And uh what I did what I did learn is something that I should have known. I may have known, but I I don't think it ever became a reality to me. And that is I discovered with a little nudging from the Lord that that what we use the term person the way we use the word person it's not the way the word person was used uh in the time of the Ning council. It meant something entirely different. And so when they began to use this language for persons, they were not expressing what we now understand three persons of the Godhead means. They were expressing something in the beginning much more similar to how you and I would see the Godhead. But the reality is when words begin to change and the meanings and definitions of words begin to change and when the church began to see that some were straying off into other ideas, they began to then also redefine what a person was. And we see what's really important to know in church history as we we see the church becoming more dogmatic and more dogmatic and more dogmatic to meet the times. And the next thing you know, you've got a doctrine over here that's nothing like scripture. And yet the church keeps voting it in. Aren't you glad you're not under that spirit? Aren't you glad you're not under that system? Aren't you glad you know who Jesus is? Aren't you glad you have a revelation that Jesus of the New Testament is Jehovah of the Old Testament? And there are not three persons in the Godhead. There is one person and his name is Jesus Christ. Are you denying the Father? Absolutely not. I know he's real. Jesus said, "When you've seen me, you've seen him." Are you denying the Holy Ghost? Oh, never, never, never, never. Because I know where the Holy Ghost is at any given moment of the day or the hour. Where in me? He can be in you, too, if he's not. So, yes, I believe in him. But I I started doing some research into the art of the church. You wouldn't be interested, but you'll probably see some of it anyway. And even the way the artists of the Catholic Church began to paint the Godhead and how it got more extreme and more extreme and more extreme. In the beginning when they started making illustrations to uh to show the Trinity, it was blurred. There were three blurred faces. And of course, it was the face of Jesus that was sort of blurred into three different little images. You follow? I'll have to show it to you sometime. before they got through. You've got three separate Jesus's sitting on three separate thrones. Do you understand how a lie just gets bigger and bigger and bigger when you put a political and a religious spirit behind it? That's right. So, there was even a development in the idea of the Trinity. And I only mention that because it's been in my studies and because I see that Jezebel was sort of forerunning that idea of putting uh king and church together, the authority of the political arena and the authority of the religious arena. So she is proclaiming a fast and she is deciding in Ahab's name that Nabboth is to be elevated among the people. Are you still following me? Good. I'm very glad. Let me read on just a few more verses. That was that verse nine. And she set two men. And look at who she chose. Sons of Balile. She chose two men serving the devil. She chose them and set them before him to bear witness against him, saying, "Thou didest blasphe God and the king." and then carry him out and stone him that he may die. What was Neabboth's crime? Not for sale. His crime was not squandering his heritage. His crime was not giving in to the trend. His crime was deciding to stay with what he believed, what his convictions were. And you'll find out in a minute. According to God's word, he was standing on the word. So now she is plotting an assassination. Let's read on. I'll I'll try to stay on subject. And the men of the city of his city, even the elders and the nobles who were the inhabitants in letters which he had sent unto them. Did I skip something? They proclaimed a fast and set neabboth on high among the people. That was verse 12. And there came in two men, children of Balile, and sat before him. And the men of Balile, witnessed against him, even against Nabboth, in the presence of the people, saying, Nabboth did blasphe God and the king. Then they carried him forth out of the city. Boy, this escalated in a hurry. That's what happens when Jezebel says, "Don't you worry about it, honey. I'll take care of it. Don't you get yourself in a tither. I'll take care of it, darling. You just rest and let sweetie take care of it. That's what happens. It escalated very fast and now they're carrying carrying him out and stoning him with stones that he died. He's been murdered. And his only crime was, "My vineyard is not for sale. It belongs to me. It belongs to my family. And I'm going to live on it and die on it." That was his crime. It cost him his life. There may come an hour that your faith will cost you yours. There may come a day that my faith would cost me mine. You better know what you believe. You better believe what you believe. You better be willing to both live for what you believe and die for what you believe. Come on. Sometimes you have to stand up against the system and say, "I'm not for sale. I don't care if everybody else goes back to the beggarly elements of the world. I am not for sale. I don't care if holiness is outlawed, out outdated, out antiquated, laughed at, made fun of, mocked. I don't care if I'm called a pilgrim or Amish or whatever they say about me. I'm going to stay with the word. That may cost you your life. You better know. You better get everything settled in this hour because those powers are joining together forming an image. They're forming an image under that beast false prophet ready to operate on the scene to take us another installment. Now, we know there's something standing between the fullness of that and that is there is going to be a rapture. Don't ever doubt the fact that the scriptures are clear. There is a people that are not appointed under wrath. The Bible said. So you may have a revelation that as I do that I'm one of those not appointed unto wrath. So I'm not experiencing those last three and a half years of tribulation. We know that Messiah's ministry was cut off in the middle of the week. And we know that there is a great tribulation period, uh, three and a half years that are yet to befall the earth. I think most people don't even want to think about it, much less hear it in church when they come on Sunday. Everything can't be feel good. I want you to know it wasn't all feel good for Nabboth. Before he knew it, he was lied on, testified against, sentenced and pounded to death for nothing except not for sale. My children may not understand it. My neighbor may not understand it for crying out loud. My spouse may not understand it. But I know what I believe. I know what the word said. I'm not for sale. It It can be the price of conviction sometime to stand against the tide. You just let them roll by. You just let the world push. You let the world shove. You let the enemy try to talk you out of your conviction. If you follow the trends around this message, you'll follow them right into compromise and sin. They're doing today what they preached against 30 years ago. We are now becoming exactly like the systems that we have despised. You don't have to say amen. I will. Amen, brother. And if you think it's going to get better, it'll not get better for the majority. It's only get going to get better for the Neabboths. Somebody said stoning him. That was the better the better of the two. Yes, it actually was for him. It was a shortcut. to the fullness of who God had created him to be. You see, time was ending for Neabboth. But eternity was just unfolding. Are you with me? I appreciate it very much. So, he died. I I mean, this is terrible. Then they sent to Jezebel saying, "Nabboth is stoned and dead. You your your plan worked." And it came to pass when Jezebel heard that Nabboth was stoned and was dead, that Jezebel said to Ahab, "Arise, take possession of the vineyard of Nabboth the Jezraelite, which he refused to give thee for money, for Nabboth is not alive, but dead." And it came to pass when Ahab heard that Nabboth was dead, that Ahab rose up to go down to the vineyard of Nabboth the Jezraelite, to take possession of it. Bless his little heart. He got out of bed, ate his cracker and and and cookie and drank his uh Kool-Aid and decided, I'm going to go look over what what is now mine. And how much did it cost him? Financially nothing. Financially nothing. He didn't have to trade for it. He didn't have to shell out any silver for it. But in reality, it cost him everything. Because if I would read the next verse, I'm not going to. I'll do that Tuesday night or Sunday. But if I would read the next verse, you know what it says? And the word of the Lord came unto Elijah the prophet, "Go tell Ahab." Not a week went by. Not a month went by, but the word of the Lord came to the prophet right away. You get down and tell that king, "I saw what he laid down and let happen. I saw it. I saw his yellow belly. I saw his lily liver. I saw his weak wishbone instead of a backbone. And now I'm going to deal with it. I'm going to wipe out his the future, the the heritage that he wanted to pass. I'm going to get it. And when I'm done, I'm going after her, too. The dogs are going to come and lick the blood. That's right. And as brother Brandham said, she's going to become Mrs. Dog meat. That's right. The dogs are going to eat the queen. Why? Because those that she uh, you know, brought mutilation to, I'm not going into that. They were the very ones that pushed her into her judgment. Throw her down. I don't want to devalue her life, but I want to tell you something. God was very disturbed about the compromise that had already taken place in the land of Israel. Now I want us to move on into this. In a world where compromise is normalized and conviction is rare. The story of Neabboth stands both as a warning and a witness. Are you with me? If I felt you, I wouldn't keep asking. Come on. Ahab wanted a vineyard, but Nabboth refused to sell it to him because for Nabboth, it was more than a piece of dirt. For him, it was a spiritual inheritance, not just a piece of property. I want us to know who Nabboth is. Nabboth was a righteous Jezraelite. Look this way. A righteous Jezraelite who owned a vineyard right near the palace of Ahab. He understood and respected the law of Moses regarding family inheritance. Can I read that to you quickly? It's just two verses. Leviticus 25:23. The land shall not be sold forever. For the land is mine. Who's talking? God's talking. This isn't Moses talking. This is God talking. Yeah, I'm I'm giving you this land as an inheritance. But you need to know that at the end of the day, the land is mine and you are not to sell it. For you are just strangers and sojourers with me in this land. It doesn't really belong to you. It belongs to me. That's pretty big. Nabboth knew that word. Nabboth had lived and and eventually died for that word. Now, Numbers 36:7 in the Amplified says, "So shall no inheritance of the Israelites be transferred from tribe to tribe. For every one of the Israelites shall cling to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers." Do you understand that Nabboth wasn't just a stubborn man? He was a righteous man. He wasn't just a stick in the mud. He was a godly man. He was a man who feared and honored and respected the word of the Lord. Don't you appreciate that about Nabboth. He wasn't just trying to be ugly. He didn't just try to disrespect the king meant a whole lot more. He symbolized by his action a righteous remnant who refused to sell out. Brother, you better be part of that remnant as we go through 2025. Not for sale. Not for sale. Not for sale. I don't care how they paint. I don't care how they pri. I don't care what the church does. That's between them and the Lord, but for me and my house. Yes, sir. Amen. Not for sale. Not for sale. I I I've seen long enough. 50 years of preaching. I have now seen what little compromises can accomplish with truth. You water it down. You you you dress it up. You explain it away until it becomes smaller and smaller and smaller. One generation barely values a truth and the next generation ignores that truth as though it never existed and then the next generation preaches against the first generation who preached that it was sin in the first place. Anybody with me? Good. Now let's look at Ahab quickly. Who's Ahab? King of Israel. married to Jezebel, weak willed, passive, spoiled, entitled, covetous, envious, jealous. He desired Nabbos's vineyard for a garden of herbs. Bless his heart. Just buy him some at the grocery store so that he didn't have to steal somebody's vineyard. It wasn't a garden. It was a vineyard. Trivalizing spiritual heritage for carnal comfort. That's what Ahab did. What's it matter? He knew. Listen, here's the terrible uh reality is that Ahab knew the same word. He knew the same covenant that Nabboth knew. He knew what God had said in Leviticus. He knew what God had said in Numbers. But all he knew right now was he wanted an herb garden. Bless his little heart. And then meet Jezebel. Told you already something about her. She was a Phoenician princess. She was daughter of King Ethel. Ethl. Anybody know anything about the name Bel? Pagan god. High priest of Baal. Her father both king and high priest of Baal. A false god. Jezebel brings the worship of Bael into Israel. She was a master manipulator who embodies the spirit of control cloaked in religious language. She spiritualizes her manipulation. Don't you let somebody do you that way? Don't you let somebody use God's name or scripture or a quote to manipulate you. That's wrong. That's not how we teach. That's not how we help. That's not how we build up. Amen. Don't Don't use reli Don't weaponize religion to settle an argument at your house. Hello. You know, don't triangulate and pull Brother Brandham in on it. Let's leave him at peace beyond the curtain of time. Don't drag him into the living room. Well, you know, Brother Brandham said, in fact, that ought not to be your first thought anyway. Your first thought ought to be, "What does the Bible say?" We teach the word to our families. We must do that, but we don't use it to beat them. How many of you believe you can use the Bible and destroy somebody? That's not what we we cannot afford to operate under that spirit. The name Jezebel carries profound spiritual significance that goes far beyond the actual etmology of the word in Hebrew. Is Isel is likely means where is the prince? What a strange meaning for a name. Where is the prince? That's a good question. That's a good question. Maybe you're carrying him around in your purse. We don't know where the prince is either. All we know is he's not doing his job. That's the meaning of her name. It it also means not exalted. Not much interested, isn't it? She had no business queen of Israel. She had no business queen of the divided uh portion of Israel that we know as Samaria. She had no business being in the palace at all. But Ahab made that decision. So when we look at the meaning of her name, we understand that the biblical narrative transforms her name into something much more ominous than than just where is the prince. It actually means something even more. The the biblical symbolism of Jezebel has become the embodiment of a specific demonic influence that operates through both seduction and manipulation. It's this sick twist. She appealed to the lustful spirit of her husband. Come on, darling. You need more than a back rub. You need that. You need that vineyard. You understand? The sliminess of combining seduction and manipulation is filthy in the eyes of God. It should have no part in godly relationships. If you understand what I'm saying, say amen. Amen. So yes, she was the Phoenician princess of the and the daughter of Ethmael who was the king of Siden and who was a high priest to to a false god before becoming king. Ethel was noted to have been a priest of Aarte. You remember that? Which was the Greek form of the moon goddess Ashtareth or Asteroth. You know that name very well because it is from a start that we get the name Easter. So these are goddesses of war. They are goddesses of seduction and sexuality. To read what the people believed about these goddesses, it's filthy. It's hard to get through it. Aarti is what the Phoenicians called her. uh this this goddess of fertility and sexuality and and war. She married King Ahab of Israel, bringing with her the worship of both Baal and another goddess whose name was Asher. And Asher is sometimes interchanged with with Ashtto or Aarte. These are actually not the same goddesses, although they are represented similarly in both mythology and in art, but they are distinct. Jezebel's very presence represented the infiltration of foreign gods into God's covenant nation to be honored, exonerated by God's covenant people. This is big business here. Oh Israel, the Lord thy God is one. Have no other gods before me, he says. And here Ahab in his lust has chosen a pagan wife with false gods, brought her right into the palace, and she's conducting business in the name of the kingdom. She wasn't content to worship her pagan deities privately. She systematically worked to eradicate the worship of Jehovah from Israel, killing God's prophets and establishing hundreds and hundreds of false prophets who would take their place. In fact, we find that in First Kings 18:19. Let's look at it. And I'm hurrying. Now therefore send and gathered to be all Israel unto Mount Carmel, and the prophets of Baal 450. and the prophets of the groves 400 which eat at Jezebel's table. What she's feeding them in the palace. These filthy gods who oversee orgies in the name of religion. Come on now. She brings these priests to the palace of the king of Israel who is supposed to be in covenant with the only true living God. She sets them around her table mocking the faith of the people and feeds them little dainties you know these bloodthirsty pagans celebrated in the name of oh let's see uh tolerance and inclusion you see that's part of that Jezebel spirit as well you you have no right you have no license to be unkind to anyone regardless of who they sleep with or how they live their life. You cannot be. You must show the light. You must love. We must love even when it's hard. We must do it. But we cannot compromise and celebrate what God calls an abomination. We can't vote for what God has called an abomination or we answer for it. Are you with me? You see these uh gods, these prophets of the groves, 400 of them sitting around Jezebel's table right next to 450 of the prophets of Baal. This is 850 false prophets and priests sitting at the king's table eating every day. My goodness, how terrible, how horrible this is. Well, in King James, it just tells us prophets of the groves. But if we look at that word groves, it it means something uh uh pretty serious. It's talking about the poles of Asher. Hurrying, the poles of Asher. These were sacred trees or sacred poles that stood near Canaanite religious locations. And most significant in demonstrating Israel's association with Asher w with were sacred trees uh there were biblical materials that describe Asher or Asherim in plural cultish objects that I can't mention that are associated with the goddess Asher. more than 50 times in the Hebrew Bible, we see the word grove or tree or something like this. Every time associated with pagan worship taking place in the forest, in the woods where these sacred trees were dedicated to the false gods and goddesses of fertility and sexuality. In some of these places of worship, false worship, the branches were cut off the trees so that it was just a living tree that looked more like a pole. And I don't think that most of you have to even wonder. Uh uh I I I would just say this. I don't like to be this um base, but just just for your information, this is the this is where the the whole idea and the development of a strippers pole came from. Yes. You understand? It's the serpentine snake like spirit that would cause a woman to twist her body around a pole and dance provocatively to a man. These are the kinds of things that were going on in the land of Israel because the king dared marry a woman who didn't have the same faith he had. And if it was just left up to us to decide, it'd be one thing. But God had already given specific instructions. How many of you know leadership is called to a higher standard. You can't behave like this. So these objects of you know I've told you the Canaanite the Canaanite um people the the it's terrible. I think I'll just leave it at that. Here's what brother Brandham had to say about this marriage quickly. Be certain of God. 1959, he said in paragraph 5, "And then in his wedding," he's talking about the king Ahab. Instead of marrying among his own people, he went over and married a sinner, an idoltor, a worship of idols, he married Jezebel. And she was not a believer. I'll say she wasn't a believer and no believer. Let's hear this for the church. Let's hear this church. Let's hear this for ourselves. Let's hear this for our children. Let's hear this for our grandchildren. Let's make sure we get this right. There are no exceptions to this. It's clear. And no believer should ever marry an unbeliever under no circumstances should always marry believers. Somebody said, "Well, that was brother Brandham's opinion." No, it's what the word said. It's never a good idea. It's never permissible in the scripture. And if you need me to, I could just, you know, eventually call a parade of people to come and tell you why. Because they've been there, done that. Did they get through? Some of them got through. Some of them didn't make it through. Some of them couldn't hold it together. It's not a good idea. But Ahab had done this evil thing and no doubt but what Jezebel was a beautiful woman. Here we go. And he had fell for what she looked like instead of what she was. Brother Brandon was being polite. This was lust. Just base lust. It wasn't her face that he was so happy about. It was her her volume. It was her. You know, you know, you know how she did. The scripture tells us he fell for it. Just like Samson, hook, line, and sinker. I got to have that. She's mine. I want that. I don't care what she believes. how many false prophets she brings in my house to eat. I don't care how many false worship services she attends. Just got to have her. Got to have her. And she had brought verse uh paragraph 8. Uh he said, oh, paragraph 7, excuse me. And he had fell for what she looked like instead of what she was. So that's so many people make the same mistake to this day. Can you say amen? and she had brought idolatry uh in the nation among the people and the people the priests their ministers had fell victim to this great popular demand. Here we go. Here we go. This story of Neabboth's vineyard becomes a powerful metaphor for defending spiritual heritage because it wasn't just a natural vineyard that Nabboth was willing to die for. He said, "The Lord forbid me." And he was speaking scripturally, "Thus sayaeth the word." Nabboth understood something profound. His vineyard wasn't merely a piece of property, but it was a covenant inheritance, a tangible link to his fathers and to the promises that God had made to generations before him. When he refused to sell, he was essentially saying this belongs just to he he was essentially saying this belongs not just to me but to those who came before me and to those who will come after me. I am but a steward. You and I are stewards. We are guardians of this truth. We have to live for it. perhaps die for it. It parallels the importance of how God placed this burden on the apostle in the New Testament in Jude verse three. He it says, "Beloved," I'm going to read in the amplified to save time. I have both, but I'm if I was going to read it in in both, it would take a little extra time. So, let me just do in the amplified. Beloved, my whole concern was to write to you in regard to our common salvation. But I found it necessary and was impelled to write you and urgently appeal to and exhort you to contend for the faith which was once for all handed down to the saints. The faith which is that sum of Christian belief which was delivered verbally to the holy people of God. earnestly contending for the faith which was once delivered to the saints. This is sort of what Neabboth was prefiguring in the Old Testament. Like Neabboth's vineyard, our spiritual heritage, the doctrines, the practices and the truths that are passed down through generations isn't ours to dispose of at will. You don't get to vote it in and vote it out. Hello. I don't get to legislate it in and legislate it out. That's right. It's for the ages. God's word never changes. It stands true today. If I build again the things that I once tore down, I become myself a transgressor. The Lord forbid it that I should sell this piece of land to you. Nabboth's refusal wasn't mere stubbornness. It was spiritual stewardship. Yes. your desire to stay with the word, your desire to stay with the message when the message dovetales with the word because you have an obligation first to the Bible. If you hear brother Brandham uh perhaps by by mistake, by by slip of tongue, by whatever, if you should hear him say the Holy Ghost is the third person of the Trinity, you don't have to defend that. You don't have to call that thus sayaith the Lord. You don't have to call that inherent because that's not what the Bible says. You stand on the word and later you'll hear him saying it exactly like the word says it. And that's what you die for. Don't you die for someone's uh slip now or their mistake because humans can make them. I ought to know. I've made plenty of them. This piece of land represented a generational blessing, a covenant promise, a divine appointment that God had made with his people. The Israelites had to die. Generations of them had to die to get over to inherit that land. How dare Nabboth even consider giving up quickly, surrendering quickly what generations before him had died to inherit. It goes all the way back to the promise of God to Abraham in Elilan Morray at the top of northern Israel where God said, "Look at look out across there, Abraham. I'm giving it to your seed. I want you to see this land as far as you can see. It's yours. And missing from that was all it would take to get it. God just said, "I'm giving it to you." He didn't He didn't tell him in that particular moment, "You're going to die by the thousands to inherit it. You're going to have to fight giants to inherit it. You're going to have to drive out the inhabitants of the land. You're going to have to bring judgment on some of your own people. To be able to inherit that land. So, how dare a neb, you know, how dare a technical uh social media connected generation come around now and tell us that what we've stood on around this message is outdated and no longer relevant. If it's in the word, Amen. It's relevant. And when I say the word, I know I know that you may not understand. Let me be clear. When I'm telling you the word, when I say the word, when I say if it's in the word, I am referring to the scripture. That's what I'm talking about. You You might ask your preachers what they're talking about when they say it, but when you hear me say it, you'll need to know. I'm talking about the Bible, the scripture, what we live for, what we die for. It's not that I don't value the message of the hour. I value it with all my heart. I've lost as much as anybody has ever lost to believe it. And I'm not ashamed to believe it. I'm not ashamed to stand for it. But I am embarrassed by some of the ways it's being presented in this hour. I am embarrassed by it. I take it seriously. I weep over it. I shut the door of my office and I weep over it because I understand that it cannot stand alone. It has to stand on the absolute foundation of the ultimate. Brother Brandham said the Holy Bible is the absolute. In other places he said the Holy Bible, the Bible is the ultimate. [Applause] And we didn't want to be like Bereans. People didn't want to be like Bereans. They wanted everything handed to them and they wanted to be told what to believe. God wasn't looking for a church like that. He wanted a people that would do their homework. He wanted a people that would make their way through a series of sermons and find where it sits square on the foundation of the Bible. Preach that. We don't need three hours on the cloud. We need three hours on what Jesus desires to do in this hour to set captives free to bring people to a total deliverance. That's what he died for. He didn't die to protect a picture. He died to protect a truth, a reality, sir, that we're saved by grace through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, can you believe both? You absolutely can. You absolutely can. But when it comes time to place value, you must value the ultimate as the ultimate. The absolute is the absolute. If something is going to be your absolute, it must be perfect. Hello. The blood of Nabboth cries out as a reminder. Some things are worth defending unto death. Anybody agree? I want to explain heritage for you for just a moment. Heritage is the treasure chest of who you are. It's the stories, the values, the traditions, the wisdom that flow through your family like a fine thread connecting everything together. That's heritage. It's what you got from your grandpa and your grandpa's grandpa. It's all of it. It's grandmother's recipes that mama can cook and it smells like grandma's house because it's her recipe. It's eating someone else's cake and saying that's a delicious cake but knowing in your mind it'll never touch my big mama's. It's your heritage, your traditions. It's songs that were sung, sacred songs and silly songs. It's all right. It's hard one lessons passed down through generations who survived what seemed impossible. It's those of our in our family who came through the Great Depression. It's those who have lived through inflation. It's those who've lived through recession. It's those who didn't have a choice. What would be for dinner tonight? Steak or chicken? Neither. It was going to be beans. cornbread when you're lucky. You know, folks have died, give their lives, lived out their lives without having enough so that you and I could come to where we are today and be picky and choosy. You don't like spaghetti? Tough. That's what we have. That's what my granddaddy told me. Of course, he was a officer in the military, but that's what he told me. He said, "That's what we're having and that's what you're eating." Now, if you want to go to the hotel, I'm five. If you want to go to the hotel, you can have what they're having. Maybe Waldorf salad. He would say, Goose. But here, we're having spaghetti. You know what I did? I ate spaghetti. Did you like it? I did not. But I ate it. Even in my time where we had plenty more than my parents and their parents, even in my time, I understood. I had to learn to understand. We're where we are today by the grace of God. What we have, he give us. We have to be thankful for what he had. My grandparents lived in an apartment my entire life that they rented from someone else. and paid money. My mother's mom and dad never even owned a piece of property for themselves. I didn't even know the difference as a child. It wasn't until I was an adult that I cried for them. They didn't care. They made it. But I cried when I realized he retired from the army as an officer. And they didn't even own a piece of property to call their own. Heritage is big, folks. There's things we may not be proud of behind us, but we can make a difference for what what is ahead of us, but we'll never do it by disregarding and not honoring what brought us to where we are. Can you say amen? My problem when I first began to come around the message, my problem was the way the way that so many people spoke about Pentecost like it was some kind of disease. And I would get so discouraged hearing such horrible things said about Pentecost. And then I would listen to the tapes and I'd hear Brother Brandham say, "I'm a Pentecostal from the top of my head to the soles of my feet." Not denominational Pentecostal, but a Pentecostal by experience. It was my heritage. It was where I come from. I didn't appreciate people calling it slop. Amen. It brought me to where I was. When he, the Spirit, has come, he will lead you and guide you and direct you where? Into all truth. That's right. Today, I just wish folks would receive the Holy Ghost. I wish they would just have an experience of their own. I'm I'm I'm hurrying. Heritage in a spiritual sense is is a sacred thread also that weaves through generations. It's invisible. It's wisdom. Its values, its essence, its doctrine, its truth, its respect for a prophet. It's understanding why we are, who we are. It flows from ancestor to ancestor. For some of you, you're the first in your family line that you know of to have a real bornagain experience with God. Therefore, you have a greater obligation to pass that to your children and your grandchildren as do I. It's more than tradition then. It's more than just a bloodline. It's the lineage of spirituality. It's a spiritual DNA. It's the unspoken knowing that's passed down through stories told by by the by the fire light at night or around the Thanksgiving table. Today these holidays have become so carnal, so worldly, so commercial. But it used to be another opportunity to pass down some heritage, some spiritual truth, some old-fashioned testimonies about how somebody met God. It's worth it's worth hearing. Somebody said, but they say it over and over again. I don't care. I said to Benjamin one time, he he so enjoyed Jenna's grandfather, Brother Syler, Elder Brother Syler, giving his testimonies about his experiences, coming to to know the ministry of Brother Brandham. And he likes to tell them every time he's around. And of course, this precious family, they particularly have heard them. Wonder how many times Jenna's dad's heard them. I hope this is all right to say. I'm saying it in a very respectful way. No telling how many times he's heard them. There's going to come a time it didn't may maybe it's not here now, but there's going to come a time that it's going to be important because they're going to have to fill in those little details that he might miss one day. He might forget to tell one part and somebody's about to say, "Go ahead, grandpa. Don't forget to tell." I I just said to Benjamin in the beginning, he caught a little bit. Excuse me. He caught a little bit of it on video the first Thanksgiving that he was there, a part of the family, and played it for me. And I said, "Whatever you do," he was so proud to hear it. I said, "Whatever you do, smile every time he tells it. Ask a question. Agree. Shake your head. Amen. Do something to let him know that his testimony is not in vain. That his desire to pass his godly heritage down to his children is not in vain. It's valuable. It's worth dying for. It's so precious. If your children are going to have to guess what you believe, there's something wrong with your experience. If I die and my children have to figure out what I stood for, I didn't stand very loud, did I? Proverbs 22:28. I've got a little more time. I'm taking it. Proverbs 22:28, remove not the ancient landmark which thy fathers have set. The complete Jewish Bible says, don't move the ancient boundary stone set up by your ancestors. Do you understand that concept? In the earliest times of Israel, the property of families was divided and it was marked by boundary stones. Neighbors agreed in advance where the stones would lie. And it was a violation of the law, not only the civil law, but the moral law, God's law. It was a violation of the law to move those boundary stones. It be like you pulling up a stop that the surveyor had driven down on your land and saying, "No, that's not where the line is. I'm just moving it where I think it ought to be." You might get in a little bit of trouble doing that. Well, you would have gotten a lot of trouble in Bible days. In the ancient world, in agricultural societies, especially like Israel, these landmarks, these boundary stones were sacred. Did you know they still find them in the land of Israel today? boundary stones, walls, little short walls of stone to go all around the borders of the property. When I moved on my little piece of land there, just a not much more than a lot. When I moved there, from one end of that property to the next was a little tiny uhh stack of stones. And I don't mean in ever so often. I mean, the whole border was that that old retired man that built that place, him and his wife, they laid little piles of stones all like they were marking a flower bed, but they were marking the borders of their property. In Bible times, it was even more serious to move a landmark. In Deuteronomy 19:14, "Thou shalt not remove thy neighbors landmark, which they of old time have set in thine inheritance, which thou shalt inherit in the land that the Lord thy God giveth thee to possess it. Don't touch it." Deuteronomy 27:17, "Cursed, cursed be he that removeth his neighbor's landmark, and all the people shall say, cursed." If you look in the context of Deuteronomy 27, it's mentioned with a whole list of things that a curse will fall on you if you participate in. Can I give you just an idea? Idolatry is mentioned first and then incest and bestiality. Can you believe that God is equating moving a boundary that you're not authoriz Oh that you're not authorized to move you're not the authority to move that to change that to adjust that? Can you believe that God is equating that in scripture to Yes, sir. people and animals, murder, verse 24, bribery, verse 25. That tells me that these landmarks were important. and to move them was as detestable to God as if you bowed down in verse 15 and worshiped a graven or molted im molten image an abomination under the Lord the work of the hands of the craftsman and putth it in a secret place and all the people shall answer and say remember this was the dividing of the blessing and the cursing on the two mountains and they were reading off these blessings and then they were reading off these curses and every time the blessings came they answered amen all the people said amen Amen. And every time the curses came and all the people said, "Amen." God said, "I don't want you to touch the borders of the land of your ancestors, don't move those marks, those landmarks." Are you with me? Job 24:2. I got to go. Got to close eventually in amplified. Some remove the landmarks. They violently take away flocks and pasture them, appropriating land and flocks openly. Sheep thieves stealing somebody else's livestock by moving landmarks, violently moving them, snatching them. I don't care what you say. You have no authority over my family. I'll move this landmark when I get ready to move this landmark. And I double dog dare you to say anything about it. You better not preach about sin. It's where we're headed in this world. There's so many scriptures. Here's the reality. Ancient property thieves rarely moved an entire boundary stone in one night. That was too obvious, too risky. They seemed to practice something more subtle than that. They would sneak out in the darkness of night and move the boundary stone an inch or two at a time. just an inch or two at a time and unnoticed, undetected property owner just, you know, walking around. He's not paying that much attention. How many of you know a little at a time adds up? You follow me? No one with any sense would move a landmark all at once. Too obvious, too suspicious, too risky. Instead, a dishonest neighbor might nudge it slightly, just a few inches every season or just a few inches every night or just a few inches every week, just moving it a little bit at a time. Over time, the encroachment would be barely noticeable. But after years, hear me now and hear me well. After years of gradual shifting, now the property line had moved so far that the original border seemed unreasonable. It seemed outdated. It seemed too extreme. It sound like legalism. It felt like just religion. By the time the rightful owner realized what had happened, the new boundaries had become accepted and even defended by the surrounding culture. The devil doesn't begin by demanding that the church deny holiness, forsake truth, or abandon the old paths outright. Instead, he whispers, "Are you with me? Are you hearing me? He whispers. Oh, it's just a small adjustment. I'm not really one of them anyway. I'm just worshiping among them. Don't they know that the culture has changed and that is just too too legal, too judgmental? Let me tell you something. You should never feel judgmental toward anybody because you've got an understanding of truth. You should always pray for those who don't know. I have a lot more patience for those who don't know than I do for those who do know and pretend not to know because it's no longer the life they want to live. Preach now. Yes, sir. They just decided one day I ain't that. I just ain't that no more. Come on. Well, I I can't have the same compassion for them as I do for people that don't know any better. There's plenty of people sitting in church this morning that don't know. They don't seem to really grasp and understand that God cares that a woman look like a woman and live like a woman and dress like a woman and conduct herself like a woman and that a man be a man and live like a man and play man's sports if he plays. and goes to the man's locker room. I enjoyed hearing some of the message debate on the social media about beards or how worldly they are. Anything can become trendy. Because something all of a sudden becomes trendy doesn't make it worldly. Because the same trend that brought it in will take it out. [Music] Biblically, we do understand, don't we, that our Lord and his disciples and the prophets before him? So, so why don't they just throw stones at one another? And they do. They go on for pages. I read it until I want to puke and then I go on to something more cheery because folks are dying, backsliding, going to hell, joining other churches, leaving the message. While we can't decide whether a man ought to have a beard or not, find something that matters and get on it and stick with it and show it to me in the word. Don't pull some isolated quote from somewhere out of nowhere and make that scripture. That's right. Oh, I I see how the landmark gets moved. I hope you do, too. Just a little at a time. Just a little at a time. I'm old enough to have been around the Pentecostal world long enough to remember when when I was a boy, they preached it. Please don't be offended if this is not your your uh way. If you're watching this, if you're sitting here, don't be offended. This is not directed toward you. It's it's it's the truth that I stand and and live for and am willing to die for. It's just the reality of my life. I remember when the old preacher said, "The best way to please God and keep your keep your uh uh keep the scripture of 1 Corinthians chapter 11, making sure that a woman understands her her long hair is given her for a covering. It doesn't say her hair is given her. Her long hair is given her for a covering. And the Bible tells us that if she chooses to be uncovered, she might as well be shorn. shaved because in this case, a little bit doesn't count. It's keeping it long or it's shaven in the eyes of God. That's exactly what the scripture is saying. You're one or the other. You either have long hair for a covering or you're bald in God's sight. The scriptur is pretty clear. But I'm old enough to to know and watch and remember when they used to preach that. And the old preachers used to say, "Now that's what the word says. And then they would give us their thoughts on how to keep that. And we never took what they said as equal to the scripture. But we appreciated what they what they brought. And they used to say the best way to do that is keep the scissors out of it. I know you'd rather have a cupcake. And we, you know, I don't know what we thought, but I guess there were probably some people that thought that was extreme. So, they started adjusting. They started changing their mind as time went by. And they started saying, "Well, I guess, you know, if a if a little girl needed some little bangs or mama's having a hard time putting her hair together, and I'm sure it's terrible hard. I understand it would be. I guess if a mother's struggling like that and wanted to give her little girl bangs, even sister Brandham did it for her daughters. If I remember what the prophet said correctly, he said, "I wish you wouldn't do that publicly in front of the whole church. I wish you wouldn't do that." But you did. Just made some made a little easier, I guess, on Sunday morning. You just put wings or whatever you you know that's what they called them, wasn't it? Bangs. And then and then they winged feathered them. Feathered them back. Hey, I'm I'm doing this. And then you know the preachers would say you asked the preacher out of the pool pit. If you were to ask him something in the pull pit, he'd have told you what the word said. But you got him off behind the church somewhere and they said to him, "Well, what about dead ends? and he'd say, "Well, I I guess, you know, uh I guess it probably wouldn't matter, you know, it probably be healthier. You know, probably help your hair grow in or something. I don't know. I don't know much about those things. I'm not talking about Brother. I'm talking about our pastors in in my childhood. Don't don't misunderstand." And they say, "Yeah, I guess it'd be all right if you just take it off." Well, well, how much? Well, well, well, how how how how long are the ends? How long are they how long are they frizzled and frazzled and and whatever you call it? Well, uh, since it's been so long, mine are about that long. Oh, you'd say, "Oo, that's a lot. That's long. That's a lot." You know what? And the women would walk away. They wouldn't know what he was saying. They They wouldn't know what to do because he was so vague. It would have been better if he would have preached it like his daddy did. Keep the scissors out. Then you don't have to worry about how long is long. I was called as an 18-year-old boy before the council of the Assemblies of God in Phoenix City, Alabama at First Assembly of God by by I almost called his name. That's not important. By the by the superintendent. He and he looked me across the table because I was pastoring at 18 was 17. I was pastoring at 17 one of their churches over here on 12th Street and 12th Court. And he asked me, he said, "Well, how long is long? How short is short? You know what I said? I said it long is as long as your mama's hair was the day we buried her out there on the hill. That's how long long is. That's how long long is. You see, the generation before him died in their faith. The next generation wanted to pressure the young preachers to make sure that we didn't preach it like their daddies did. I was in denomination. I was in denomination. You understand how it works. And so, uh, well, a half an inch. And then you you follow Jacksonites around this message, you know, because brother Jackson had this idea. If you cut it an inch at a time, it doesn't matter. Somebody needed to teach him some things. Somebody needed to explain to him that an inch upon an inch upon an inch upon an inch. See that you move not the ancient landmarks. I wish somebody would help me preach today. See that you don't move those ancient landmarks. It doesn't matter whether you move them by six feet at a time or an inch at a time. Moving them an inch at a time is going to make a difference. If it doesn't make a difference in this generation, it'll make a difference in the next. It's just simple. It will make a difference. And if you don't believe it has, you just go down here to a scene. When Jason Crab is back, well, you're just throwing at other church. You know, I'm just calling it exactly like it is. You go down there and you look around cuz Sister Drake is dead. We buried her a few years ago. She was the last one in a church of 350 who had long hair. She remembered what was preached to her. She remembered what the word said. She remembered that she wasn't even to approach God with her head uncovered according to the New Testament. 1 Corinthians chapter 11 is not in the old covenant of the law. She remembered it and they laughed at her. Some of them, some of them made fun of her. Some of them said, "Why in the world you Few months ago, my dear friend, Sister Bale, Assembly of God pastor, who pastored many, many churches. I understand what the scripture teaches about women pastors. And I agree 100% with what the Bible said. She was a dear woman. She was doing God a service without it being his will. And she's in God's hands. But I asked her one time because she remained in the Assemblies of God for many years. She did eventually move out, but for many years she did. She and my granny both, so to speak, until my granny heard the message, which was the last few months of her life. And we went to those council meetings. I would go with them, the big big uh state meetings and big it even went San San Antonio, Texas to the national meeting and they'd be the only ones in the room. If Sister Mayo, as long as Sister Mayo lived, she would be the third. Their church betrayed them. You can say amen or me. Their church betrayed them. They preached it to them like there was no way out. And then they decided somewhere along the way it's no longer Bible. But problem is it's Bible. It's there. It's staring us in the face. If I was up here just preaching church tradition, you don't even have to listen. But I'm giving you chapter and verse. And I watched it. I watched it. I watched it. I watched it at my wife's funeral. Let me let me really make some folks mad watching this. I watched it at my wife's funeral when all those old sisters that grew up in the church where they were told in the message in the message. That's right. An inch at a time. I saw those precious dear old sisters, most of them dead now, who came to pay respects to my wife's mother who heard the message in that movement but moved on quickly back to the word. And I saw them little women with their hair like up like this, all blue. Blue. Cuz that's what happens when your hair's supposed to be gray. And you decide you're going to put some kind of tint to it. White. When it's supposed to be white, they put this kind of tint. So, every one of them look like little blue-haired ladies. That's all how I know how to say. They all look like little blue-haired ladies across there. Not one of them had hair that barely touched their shoulders. And it blows my mind that they believed the same message and based it on the same word that I based it on. You see, I could have stood up that day. I didn't, but I could have stood up that day and said, "An inch at a time, moving those old landmarks, an inch at a time, may not seem like a lot at the moment, but it doesn't take long. It just simply doesn't take long. Here's what a prophet said, not concerning hair. In Alabama, he said it his only time. His only time in Alabama, a meeting that my grandmother was in. Verse paragraph 51, he said, "They they they forgot all about it. They had forgot his holiness. They had forgot his law. The women were living like the rest of the women. He's talking about the Israel's Israelites. God's church and his people has always been a separated people, a calledout people, a peculiar people, a holy nation, a royal priesthood offering spiritual sacrifices to God, the fruits of their lips, giving praise to his name. God called his church and separated it from the world for that very purpose. And he gave it a law. And he it must be holy. He said, "I am holy. You must be holy. and without holiness no man shall see the Lord. If a woman is supposed to have long hair, the same chapter a few verses before and after will explain to you that a man is not to have amen long hair. Paul was pretty specific in that explanation because he simply said, "You ought to know better from nature." Nature itself teaches you that it's a shame. I'm just reading, just quoting. It's a shame for a man to have long hair. So, don't leave here and say, "Well, you really got the women, but you didn't say anything about the men." You men know better, too. Yes, sir. You know better. It's not uh what Brother Brandham said. It's not what Brother Shelley said. It's what the Bible said. That's right. A man if he if he has long hair and he prays like that, the Bible said he's praying with his head covered and that is forbidden. Yikes. See your barber. You you you've got to be fair. You're preaching the word, you know. Jonathan has nothing to worry about. Ben has nothing to worry about. I'm just telling you what the scripture is saying. Somebody said, "I'm not ready for all this," folks. You know, it don't it don't work that way. Somebody said, "That's why I don't want nothing to do with church." I don't it doesn't matter to me whether you want to do anything with church or not. I'm not talking about church annity. I'm talking about do you want to serve the God of the Bible? If you want to serve the God of the Bible, you got to go the Bible way. You got to stand on the word like Neabboth did. You got to say, "Devil, you're not getting my vineyard. I don't care who you are, how much money you have. That's right. It goes on in verse uh excuse me, paragraph 75, and I'm musicians are easing this way. He said, you know, the old saying, fools will walk with hop nailed shoes where angels fear to trot. He said, that's what this spiritual amnesia does. It makes people get to a spot till where they have no feeling on the inside of them. They don't want nothing spiritual. They've become so numb. They've become so defensive of their life that they feel nothing. It's not out in the world where people get spiritual amnesia. It's sitting on the pews of the church. I have no stones to throw, but I I wouldn't mind to say this morning to this precious group of people that I love with all my heart. There may be those sitting among us today, us with spiritual amnesia, forgetting, forgetting. It's easy to forget. You pull away, you forget. I don't want you to become Facebook warriors. I want you to be warriors on your job. I want you to be warriors in life. I want you to show your neighbors what it means to live a Christian life. I don't want you to please don't go condemning anybody. Don't get on social media and and and preach things that people have no grid. They they have no grid. You're talking to people about they they can't they it's not that you're you want to compromise it, but is that really the most important thing? I I I I've got a friend there in Canada who who is a preacher. He post and and he most every post is a woman that doesn't listen to her husband is out of order. Yeah. We know. We know that. We've heard it preached. The Bible said so. We believe it. Why don't you ever post about a husband that is so spiritually wishy-washy that his wife doesn't know what to do? He beats her with a quote instead of leading her with a life. Furthermore, why don't you post about what it means to be born again, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost. You want to air these things in front of people who have no grid to even accept it. My Lord, give them Jesus. Speak Jesus over them. Speak Jesus to them. Testify of what he's done in your life. Praise God. Don't you let the devil beat you up because you're not what you want to be or you're not what you ought to be. You give God praise every breath you have for the the fact that you're not what you used to be. The blood the blood has done something in your life. We're closing. We really are. Paragraph 78. You must be identified somewhere. You must show your life shows tonight where you are identified. Oh, I love I I love the mysteries. I I love the seals. I love looking at all the things that are spoken about the thunders about the trumpets to the Jews. I love these things and I believe there's a time to not only study them, there's a time to preach them. Brother Bannam didn't tell us the greatest battle ever fought is going to be a battle over doctrine. He said, "The greatest battle ever fought is going to be a battle of the mind. Satan trying to disqualify you." Folks, don't worry. Don't fret if you don't understand the fullness of the seventh seal. I hope you won't be offended when I tell you neither did Brother Brandham. How could you make such a statement? I'm just quoting him. It went by me in an unknown tongue. I could not make it out. Is that a shame? No. It's transparency. So don't you fret over something that that that may or may not be the most important thing for this moment in your life. But if you're moving the landmark, if your children don't know what you believe this this week, because what you wouldn't let them do a week ago, you let them do now. That's what you need to be concerned about. Cuz one of these days, your hands are going to fold across your chest and the undertaker is going to close your eyelids and you're not going to have another opportunity to live a life before your family. This is your chance. Don't do it with judgment. Don't do it with condemnation. Don't do it with religion. Do it with love and do it with consistency. And don't touch the landmark that is not based on a conviction. It's based on the word. Yes, sir. If it's my conviction, you may get by without it. But if it's based on the word, you'll have to live the same life. I'll have to live the same life. It's not me preaching to you. It's me preaching to us. You're not Listen, I'm got to finish this quote. My my my somewhere you must show your life shows tonight where you are identified. You are identified either in Christ or out of Christ. What if we told you that? What if you What if that become a reality to you? You're either in him or you're out of him. What would you do? Well, if you recognize you were in him, you'd throw up your hands and heart and worship him. You'd live for him with everything you got. If you recognize you were out from him, you'd run to him. That's right. With everything that was within you, wouldn't you? He said, 'You identified either in Christ or out of Christ. You're not halfway. There's no such thing as a drunk sober man. You ever met a drunk sober man? You ever met a sober drunk man? Not at the same time. You've never met a man in Christ and out of Christ at the same time. He said you're a saint or a sinner, one or the other. Your spiritual attitude toward God's word identifies you exactly where you're standing. Right. If you're mad enough at me to spit a ten penny nail right at my forehead, you're probably not operating in the right spirit this morning. Your attitude toward what God's word says identifies exactly where you're standing. I pray it's just amnesia because many people recover from amnesia. Let the swelling of your brain go down. Let the inflammation go down. And you may come back to your senses and you may stand on the word like you never have before. That's right. The best advice I can give you as far as holiness goes is tend to your own house. Live it at home. Live it in front of your families and don't worry about nobody else's. It's not up to you whether they make it or not. It's up to God. Live clean. Live holy. Live according to the word. You're a saint or sinner, one or the other. Your spiritual attitude toward God's word identifies you exactly where you're standing. And if you were to go home and read the rest of that or hear the rest of that sermon, I encourage you to do so. Spiritual amnesia, in a few paragraphs, you'll come to my favorite, one of my favorite portions of preaching that Brother Brandham did in his entire ministry where he preaches on uh identification and where he talks about being a an American. I was there when they rang the Liberty bell or I was there when they I love that because he wasn't there in the natural. You weren't naturally in Christ at the crucifixion. You were there spiritually. You were identified with him in his suffering. You were identified with him in his death. You were identified with him in his resurrection. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And it means something. You You got any idea what this is about? Did you wonder? Be honest. Did any of you wonder at the beginning when Jonathan starts getting up and didn't I do good not watching him? We called him in, shut the door and said, "Don't look at anybody. Don't make eye contact with me. Don't make eye contact with anybody in the house. Just every little while get up and move it. Just a little at a while. A little at a time. Just a few inches at a time. Now, whether you realize it or not, here's the message. That that old that's an old antique hat rack of mine with an old jacket and an old Stson hat. And it represented today a landmark of heritage. And all through this two-hour sermon, he just got up and moved it a little bit at a time. Little bit time, little bit time. And and it walked from one end from one side all the way to the other side. If that was a landmark, Jonathan just stole quite a piece of real estate here. You could plant Brother Truman and Sister Martha, they could plant a mean pee patch between this wall and that wall. Come on. You woke up one morning and saw that your neighbor had moved the stab that far. I think you'd notice. But I don't know at what point along the way you would have recognized what was going on. And that's where the amnesia comes in. May we be shook by the Holy Spirit of God to understand that it is not big changes. Sometimes it's just a little subtle subtle. I could give you I could give you examples. It would be a lot closer to home. But I've chosen to try not to do that today. But I'll tell you what one thing Billy Graham said as you're standing. I know you're tired. I know that you are beyond your ability to comprehend because your bottom is worn out. You've been sitting that long. Billy Graham once said, "We now laugh at things that used to embarrass us 30 years ago. It's a joke now. It didn't used to be a joke. It used to matter. I recently heard a podcast of some uh modern preachers, young men, nice, clean young men, very smart, very talented, very gifted. They were doing so well and then they started mocking the old church. And they said, you know, there used to be a problem with mixed bathing and that the church was so ignorant, you know, they they called it bathing. Well, isn't that what they call it now? Bathing suits. But they just made such fun. You know, the old church had so much about that that should be families or should be separated. And they just thought that was the funniest thing, the craziest thing they'd have ever heard. But the reality is those things were in place and preached for reasons. Not because necessarily adultery is going to take place, but because when those things get blended and we become more and more comfortable and the boundary gets moved an inch at a time, where will it end up? Those same churches today that preach those truths from scripture. Even modesty is a scriptural, it's a scriptural truth. Separation of the gender is a scriptural truth. Those churches today that used to preach that, now they come in, preachers and all with car, their cargo shorts on and their ball caps. Can you imagine their ball caps right into the service and they can't understand why the church cared about anything so silly? It just proves an inch at a time May God give us strength today to stand. Don't you love him? Is he worth everything? Worth giving everything? Is he worth selling out? He is. He is. I have a feeling that if we don't stand, manipulation is waiting in the wings to twist us right out of what God's given us. If you realize that you've made some subtle shifts and changes in your boundaries, may God give you courage and strength to put them where they belong as quickly as you possibly can and take time to explain them to your poor, confused children. For you to go home and be religious, extreme, and crazy, that wouldn't serve the point of this sermon. But to go home and use some wisdom, you're a teacher. You're teaching. You're teaching. You're teaching. You're teaching by word and by example. It's not too late. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad? How many of you appreciate grace? Hallelujah. Well, if I don't believe that, I'll just go to another church. Go ahead. Go ahead. I pray the truth will chase you. I I pray the reality of God's word will never let you go. He knows how to find us. If you were born for this truth. Oh, Benjamin, can you come and worship in this in this this tight atmosphere I've created here? I don't even have a song to sing to help you get started. If you love him, let's come and worship him quickly. I realize it's 10 to two. It usually is before I'm done. You are not a God created by human hands. And you are not a God depending on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give. and by your plan. That's just the way it is. [Music] And you are not a God created by human hands. And you are not a God dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give. And by your plans, that's just the way it is. You are God alone from before time began. Oh, you were on your throne and you are God alone. [Music] And right now in the good times and bad. You are on your throne. And you are God alone. And you are God alone from before time began. Oh, you were on your throne and you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And you're the only God whose power none can contend. And you're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God and that's just the way it is. You are God alone from before time began. Oh, you were on your throne and you are God alone. And right now, oh, in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne and you are God alone. And you're the only God whose power none can contend. And you're the only God whose name and praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God and that's just the way it is. You are God alone from before time began. Oh, you were on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now, oh, in the good times and bad, oh, you are on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. Cuz you're unchangeable and unshakeable. You're unstoppable. Oh, that's who you are. Oh, you're unchangeable and you're unshakeable and you're unstopp. Oh my god, that's who you are. Oh, you're unchangeable and unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. Cuz you are God alone from before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone and you are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne and you are God alone. And right now in the good times in bad you are on your throne and you are God alone. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. And all of my days, Lord, I want to praise the wonders of your [Laughter] mighty love. [Music] You're my comfort and my shelter, a tower of reuge and strength. Oh, let every breath let all that I am, let it never cease to worship you. Oh sh to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing of power and majesty. Praise to the King. Oh, mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Lord, forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Sing, shout to the Lord. Oh, shout to the Lord, all the earth. Let us sing. We sing power and majesty praise to the king. Oh, mountains bow down and the seas they roar. It's at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Lord, forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. Oh, nothing compares to the proise I have. Nothing nothing you compares to the proise I have. in Lord, we pray right now in the name of Jesus that you will come and strengthen your bride that you will show her again your great love and your great power to strengthen to give courage to give boldness. Father, I pray that there will be a holy conviction that will rise within your people in this hour and that we will somehow by grace find our way back to the old landmarks. May we never be guilty of trying to change your word. If a landmark is based on your word, Lord, may we let it stand as is without feeling a need to adjust it for the generations. Lord, as fathers, would you help us as family members? Will you help us as church members? Will you help us to be strengthened, Lord, and to raise up the banner? Father, I thank you for grace. I thank you for amazing grace. And I know there are other pressing issues in the hearts and lives of your people today. Some need healing. You're the healer. I agree with them. I use my faith right now to be joined with theirs that you will touch them in this moment. I feel an urgency to pray for backsliders. Lord, you know where they are. You know that predestination and election leaves little room for being a backslider. It means sometime that we get off the course. But you know how like no other to pull us back into the middle of the road, back to the path that you would have for our feet. Would you agree with me right now? For even those you love that have stepped away, Lord, you know how to draw them. Draw them with your love. Draw them with your compassion. Lord, let us be salty so that they would again become thirsty. Lord, for other burdens, for anxieties, for depressions, for harassments of the enemy, for the lies that he breathes on all of us. May we find courage. May we find strength today to beat him back with the word. There's nothing that defeats the enemy like the using the word of God with a life behind it. As old brother Barker wrote the song, it's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. May we have the life behind the name when we speak of you, Lord. May there be a life behind it. If there be one person who doesn't understand these things and it's been presented so boldly today, would you would you open their eyes? Would you give them grace to choose you and your word above all other things? For every unspoken need that's represented around this altar today, we ask that you would move, that you would heal, that you would restore, and that you would refresh the weary bodies of those who work so hard. and we will give you the praise and the honor and the glory that's due your name in the precious name above every name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. The saint said, "Amen." Would you just turn to someone near you just a moment quickly and just say, "God bless you." God bless you. prophet told us that's one of the most powerful things that we could say to someone. And just slip back to your seat because we have one more little thing that we want to do today before we go. I know it's late. [Music] We're not over yet, darling, but thank you so much for coming to love on me. I needed it. Just slip back to your seat and hold your peace just a minute, please. Yes. Go ahead. Now, look for me. Well, be seated just a moment. I know you're ready. Guess what? Uh we have a little baby that's getting bigger every day that we're going to get to dedicate to the Lord real quick today. And uh it's an honor. It's it's not a dread or a drudge or oh I or don't want to have to stay. You did when it was yours when it was your grandbaby or whatever. You'd have stayed all day if the preacher would have took that long. Amen. And so we want to uh have uh R.J. and and Miss Emily to come. As far as I know, she was the first baby that was born in this church as as we went through the shift of uh uh of coming out, bringing the little group out of denomination and uh into the truth of the hour. Uh and her parents married and and Emily was the the fruit of their love. And from the day she came till now, uh, I've looked at at had her a little special and I've called her Miss Emily, but she's my sister in the Lord, too. It's MS or M I SS, you know, and now she's now she's married. And look at these three beautiful, amazing children that God has given them. Aren't they blessed? Aren't we blessed because they're blessed? And uh, of course, uh, bring me a microphone, would you? because R.J. will be the one to dedicate his son to the Lord. But I get the blessing of praying over him. Why don't we have the family, any of the family that wants to come and stand with him, you all come center and then let them get around you. And uh we're just so blessed to have this opportunity to do it and we're thankful for the presence of the Lord. I'm going to miss you all. Uh not just in church, but I'm going to miss you all in the yard. When God gave us this land, it was my dream that families would live close and that children would play. It wasn't my dream that they would leave their toys everywhere. I almost uh I almost uh flattened a scooter on Monday morning coming to work. They they were doing a little better. Joshua give them some pretty strict instruction to try to bring them and park them on the side of the building. It makes makes mowing difficult and makes well for me it made parking difficult. That wasn't in my dream. But my dream was to have a place also where the children could play and run and and and and make noise. And uh I I'm going to miss I'm going to miss hearing them sometime outside my window. I'm going to miss them for a little while. Um but I am so thankful that we have God's given us that kind of a place where the kids can have fun. And uh I better I better just keep my comments shorter and uh so that we don't get too fussy. My goodness, you're not a newborn anymore. Just a minute. Just a minute. Let me just pray. Oh, what if I stand close to him? Can I just stand close? Oh, I don't want [Music] to. We'll we'll get right here. He's He's a little upset with me, ain't he? Would you reach your hand this way and let me pray a blessing over Baniah Arrow was singinger and then his dad will dedicate him to the Lord. Father, I thank you for this precious little boy that you have given to this family and to this church family. I thank you for the special look that he has. I thank you, Lord, for the special feeling that we get when we're in his presence. It means to me that you've called him. It means to me that your purposes are upon him. And Lord, I just ask that you will protect him and keep him both physically and spiritually. I pray Lord that the angels will just ever as your promise says that your angels will just encompass camp round about him and keep him physically safe. Lord, I pray that they will also war against any enemy that would come to spiritually touch him in any way. Lord, guard and protect that which you have placed in him for the glory of God. Anoint his mom, his dad, his brother, and his sister, and the rest of this family. May they be anointed, oh God, to guide him, to love him and care for him, to bring out of him that which is most important and most valuable. I pray, oh God, that this little family will continue to bring glory to your name in everything that you would have for them and everything that you have called them to do. We pray that it will accelerate that it will be magnified. We break any work of the enemy against them in any way, specifically any witchcraft that would rise against them. We take authority over it in the name of Jesus Christ and we call it down. Glory be to God. May this little boy have the courage of his name's sake in the Bible. May he be the one that does what others cannot do, not born to do. And we'll give you glory and honor and praise for it's in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's agree with brother R.J's prayer. Father, thank you. I thank you for Baniah. Lord, I thank you for the gift that he is to me and to Emily. Yes, sweetheart. We come. Come stand by me. Lord, we love you and we're just thankful for your goodness and your faithfulness and your blessing. Yes, Lord. I feel like you gave me his name prophetically. Amen. because he represents a generation, Lord, that are destined to establish your kingdom on earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, he was crucial in the life of David and Solomon. He certainly was in that transition of power. And we're entering into a new day in you. And I pray, oh God, for the Banayas to come forth. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah. to establish your kingdom in righteousness and in faithfulness to you. Fearless. Hallelujah. Lord, I thank you for your word this morning. I thank you for the reminder, Lord. I thank you for the push to stand for the inheritance that you've given us. All of it, Lord, every promise. I thank you for my wife and for my children and for this community of faith, Lord. Glory. And so today, Aba, yes. I consecrate Baniah Arrow unto you. I ask, oh God, that he would be marked for your purposes. Amen. Lord, that you would fill him with your spirit. Amen. And that he would manifest your glory in the earth. Yes. Yes. He is a blessing to our lives, Lord. and we just commit him unto you in the name of Yeshua, the Messiah, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Here, here, [Applause] here. He wanted it. Turn around here. Let everybody look. Look here. Turn around. All look at this beautiful family. Isn't the Lord good? Sister Karen, if you get to watch this at some point, we love you and we wish that you could be here today, but we understand, but but we're sending the best. We're sending your family to you for a while, but we love you. We know if you were here, you'd be standing with them, too. God bless you. God bless you. I love you, Miss Emily. God bless you. God bless you, brother Bill. Bless you, uncle. Uncles and aunties. We need him, don't we? Isn't he good? Let's go. Let's sing a verse because he lives. [Music] God, that's not the right key. [Music] God, God sent his [Music] son. They called him Jesus. He came to love. Heal and [Music] forive. He lives and died every day. He lived and then died to buy my pardon. [Music] An empty grave is there to prove my savior lives. Oh, I'm glad he lives today. And because he [Music] lives, I can face [Music] tomorrow because he lives. All fear, all fear is gone because I know I know he holds the future. I can sleep at night because I know he holds the future. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] How sweet to hold. There's nothing like it. a newborn [Music] baby and feel the pride and joy it brings. Oh yes. Thank you Lord for Baniah. But greater still. Woo! This comes assurance. This child can face uncertain because he lives. Woo. And because he lives, we can face tomorrow. [Music] Thank you that you're a living reality, Lord. You're not just a character in a book. You're a living part of our lives. Thank you, Lord. All fear is gone because I know I know he holds the future. My life is worth the living just because he you're dismissed to go today. Thank you for spending the day with us because he lives. Pray for Sister Joyce's total healing. Would you? I can face tomorrow because he [Music] lives. All fear is gone because I love you. I know. I know. He holds the [Music] future. I'm coming. And life is worth the living just because he lives. God bless you as you go today. Because he lives. Oh, I'm glad I know he lives. I can face [Music] tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. All fear is gone because I know I know he holds my future. your future. Life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music]
