################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-05 - Sign of The End Time - Bro. Mario Chua - Mario Chua.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-05
Title:    Sign of The End Time - Bro. Mario Chua
Speaker:  Mario Chua
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XklB1_rNEuE
========================================

Description:
2025-0504 Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Not the place. [Music] Ooh. Ooh. [Music] Come Lord in. It's my prayer today. Spirit of God move. Spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my heart. Yes, Lord. Consume my [Applause] life. And if you've been so I want to be so that you can come, Lord. If that's your prayer today, lift your hands and sing. Lord, it's our prayer. Spirit of [Music] God, write your word in my heart. Oh, fill my whole being. God of my life. Oh, dear to God. an empty soul. I want to be so that you can come. Lord, in me, healer of the broken [Music] pieces. You touch my heart and be renewed. [Music] Now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the window. Lord, I give my heart to you and love that song before. Oh, how great that love is today. From here to the presence of the Lord. Lord, we love you. We praise you today. Oh, now I live to praise you. Oh, every day I praise you. Healer of my You got a need today. Give it to the healer. Healer of the broken [Music] [Applause] pieces. You touch my heart. Oh, we thank you, Lord. Hold down my whole life. I surrender. I lay it down a Lord. I give my heart to [Music] you and dance before you have brought me here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, now now I live to praise you. May I praise you? Amen. Let's give the healer a hand of praise this morning. We all need healing at times in our lives. And we're thankful that he's here in the midst today. Amen. It's good to be in his presence this morning. We have a lot of needs today. We need the healer to come by and touch many of these needs today. He's omnipresent. He can be anywhere and touch every one of these needs all at the same time. Amen. Sister Nancy, it is good to see you in the house of the Lord today. God bless you today. We thank the Lord what he's doing for Sister Nancy and may he continue to touch her in a mighty way. Hallelujah. our our request this morning. Brother Tim Hoffer, if you'll come lead us in prayer this morning. Sister Barker says, "I have a very special unspoken prayer request. Let's remember this need." Sister Josephine Robless says, "This morning, church, I'd like you to pray for Lucy Avalar. Her daughter Sina passed away. Lucy needs strength for God to help her. Her husband is also very sick. God bless you, Sister Josephine Robas. Let's remember these two needs of friends of Sister Josephine's. Please pray for Brother Warren. He came back from Mexico Wednesday night. He had he's at home sick with the flu. Play please pray that God will heal him. Well, let's remember brother Warren. The Lord touch his body. It's good to have brother Ron, Sister Sandy back. And may the Lord touch brother Ron and give him a healing touch and bring him back to 100%. Amen. It's good to have them here here with us today. Please pray for my niece. This is from Sister Maria Maria Argosola. Her name is Ann Louise Chavez. Uh she has a kidney biopsy. She had a kidney biopsy. Please continue to pray that the Lord would heal her kidney back to 100%. So let's remember her niece Anna Louise this morning. Want to remember brother Mike Laval. They're fixing to go on a family vacation tomorrow, I believe. And he's at home sick. Let's ask the Lord to touch him so he can go on a vacation with his family. We want to remember uh Billy Silva's brother Ezekiel. He's had a stomach flu, bad stomach. Let's remember him and the Lord would touch him in a mighty way. We want to continue to remember sister Lorie Snow. She needs of a miracle. The Lord would continue to touch her and just have his hand upon her. Let's remember her not only today, but in your prayers at home. Please remember the Snow family. The Lord would touch Sister Lori in a mighty way. He spared her this far. We're just asking the Lord continue to have his hand upon her life. Our praise reports this morning. Sister Veronica says, "A few months ago, the doctor told me that I had a mass. Last week, I received the report that it was benign. I don't have the words to thank the saints for the prayers and the Lord for his goodness to me. As I walked through this trial over and over, he let me know that he was with me." And also during this time, my mom wanted to start serving the Lord, which was truly a miracle. And I just want to give all the praise, honor, and glory to the Lord. So, Amen. Amen. Amen. Beautiful praise report. Another beautiful praise report from Sister Jan Pollock this morning. Sister Jan says, "I want to thank each and every one of you for your prayers and your support to me and your prayer for my fight with cancer treatments this past year. I'm finished with my treatments and I'm claiming my healing. My God is so faithful and he has carried me through victorious. So we thank the Lord for that as well. Amen. If you got a need today, give it to the healer, healer of the broken pieces. And if you've been healed and you want to just thank him, lift your hands and say, "Thank you, Lord, for being my healer, my redeemer, my everything. whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the vendor. Lord, give my heart to you that love that song before [Music] [Applause] Timothy brought me here to where you are. Oh, now I live to praise you. I praise you, healer of Actually, one more prayer request. Brother Mario is ministering for us today. Brother Mario is leaving for Italy this week. He'll be preaching in two different places in Italy next weekend and the following weekend. He request your prayers for he and sister Joseph being Amen. Sorry. Amen. Let's remember our name. Amen. Let's bow our heads and hearts together. Father, we come before you, Lord, such a grateful and a thankful people, Lord, that we have this place of refuge, Lord, that we can come to and give you our hearts, Lord, and give you our lives again, Lord, and become a living sacrifice, Lord, upon this altar, Father, this morning. We just want to thank you for, Lord, every person, Lord, every life, every soul that's here, Lord, this morning that came and made the effort, Lord, to come, Lord, and have a desire in their hearts to draw closer to you. Father, we live in a dark world and Lord, we are in a great need of you, Lord, for ourselves, for our families, Lord, for everything, Lord. We completely rely upon you, Father, and the grace of God in our lives, Lord, to bring us to this place, Lord, this morning. We just thank you for the word that will come today, Lord, through Brother Mario. just pray that you allow him, Lord, to step out of the way, Father, Lord, and speak words of life, Lord, that will draw us closer to you, Father. And Lord, cause us to walk a little bit higher, Lord, and come up a little bit higher up, Lord, into your kingdom, Father, this morning. Father, we just pray that every knee that was spoken, Lord, so many, Father, one's traveling, Lord, one's sick, Father, one's not able to be here this morning, Father, we just pray that you'd come, Lord, and just apply the bomb, Lord, in their lives, Father, upon their need, Father, you know them better than we do. We just pray that you'd touch each life, Lord. And for the ones traveling, Lord, this week, for brother Mario, Father, for the ones that pray, just go before them, Lord, and overshadow them, walk before them, give them wisdom, Father, and for your people this morning, Father. Just pray you'd come, Lord. And Lord, lay aside every thought, Lord, that would be a hindrance to the service, Lord. Every distraction in our lives, Lord, the busyiness of life, Lord, that we would truly say it was good, Lord, to have walked with you this morning. Father, we just give you ourselves, Lord. We thank you for these things, for all the praise reports, for everything that was pinned down, Father, knowing that you'll pay attention, Lord, to every detail, Lord, in the thoughts of your people. We just pray you'd grant that, Lord, to our lives in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. Two Sundays from now on a Sunday night on May 18th, uh we're going to have our Sunday school play. So that's going to be two Sundays from now, May 18th. I believe we have a a print out there and it's going to be at six o'clock here at the church. I know the stankies have been working very hard and all the families that have been helping with them. So remember that two Sundays from now. Plan on being here to support uh the ones that have put their efforts into this play. So let's remember that for two Sundays from now. It's good to have brother Ron, sister Sandy back. Amen. Amen. And may the Lord touch him and wasn't a normal trip. It's like an ultramarathon for them and we're good to have them back. And may the Lord just touch them and we'll just welcome them back this morning. Amen. Brother and sister Clar, it's good to have you here today as well. Any other visitors, we welcome you. Brother David Fritz, it's good to have you here today. Any other guest and visitors, we welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus today. Justified. Justified. I'm glad I've been justified by the blood of the lamb. Are you glad you've been justified? Amen. Justified. [Applause] Justified. You have not done it in the first place. Justified. Justified. Oh, [Music] justified. You have not done it in the first place. Justified. Sing it again. I'm justified. I'm justified. You have not done it in the first place. Justify. Oh, [Music] justify. Justify. Oh, you have not done it in the first place. I sing it again. I'm justified. I'm justified. [Music] I have not done it in the first place. Justified. I'm [Music] justified. Justified. Oh, I am not done. First place justified. Hallelujah. Amen. We want to welcome back the ones that have been traveling. Several of you have been traveling. We welcome you back in the name of the Lord this morning. His way with thee. Let's sing that this morning. I want the God's way to be my way. Do you want that for your life as well? It's an old song. We haven't sang it for a while, but two or three times in the last 24 hours. That song on my heart. I want to sing it today because I want God's way for my Amen. Oh, would you live for Jesus and be always pure and good? Would you walk with him, within the death road? Would you have him back and carry on your road? Let him have his way with me. And his power can make you what you want to be. His blood can cleanse your heart and make you his love and fill your soul and make you free for him to have his way with me. And would you have him always pure and good? Would you have him walk with him within the narrow road? And would you have him carry your carry on your load? Let him have his place with his power. His power can make you what you ought to be. And his blood can cleans your heart and make you praise. His love and f will your soul and you will seek was best for him to [Music] have you in his kingdom find a place of constant rest. Would you prove him true and providential test? Put you in his service labor always at your best. Just let him have his way with the [Music] coron and make you free. His love your soul and you will see what's best for him to have his way with thee. [Applause] [Music] When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that'll be. Amen. Let's sing that this morning. When we all get to heaven, brother Ruben in two songs if you'll be ready to come up here and sing this morning. When we all get to heaven. Amen. Kf. Amen. Sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Amen. There we go. Sing the wondrous love. Sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his great man right and bless. He will prepare for us a place when we all when we all get to heaven. How rejoice that will be when we all sing Jesus will sing and shout the victory. And while we walk the hill path where clouds will spread the sky won't [Music] crack over not a shadow not a sign when we all get to heaven. What a taste of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. So let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. And just one glimpse of him and glory will the ro of life. When we all get to heaven today rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Go onward to the prize before us soon. Beauty will be full. And soon the early gates will open and we shall tread the streets of gold. Amen. When we all get to heaven, what a day. When we all sing, Jesus will sing and shout the [Music] victory. Amen. We'll sing and shout the victory. Brother Ruben, if you'll come this morning, he has a song special for us. And then brother Austin, right after that, all that I think, say, and do shall be pleasing to the Lord. [Music] Let it be our testimony. All that I think, say, and do ought to be pleasing to the Lord. All that I think, say, and do ought to be pleasing to the Lord. Every little thing that's in my life should reflect the Lord Jesus Christ. In this way, ought to see it. And I live a sweet and humble life. All that I think, say, and do ought to be pleasing to the Lord. All that I think, say, and do ought to be pleasing to the Lord. Oh, every little thing that's in my life, it should reflect the Lord Jesus Christ. This way ought to see time. Living a sweet and humble life. All that I think, say, and do ought to be pleasing to the Lord. All that I think, say, and do ought to be praising the Lord. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Lord, bless Brother Ruben, Brother Austin as they sing for us today. Amen. Lord bless him. Be unto your name is what he's going to sing this morning. If you'll pull the words up for him, it'd be greatly appreciated. Um, camping trip. um went out on the camping trip with the some of the guys and the suns and uh Friday um it was warm in the morning and all the kids were out playing and then some uh rainclouds blew in and it got cooled down quite a bit. Next thing we know the kids are all screaming snake snake. Um they had found a little rattlesnake crawled up in the bush and they were playing like within a foot or two from it and I think it was just the cold. We kind of figured out that the cold had caused it to curl up and not move at all so that way the kids it wouldn't have bothered the kids. So, we're able to get it taken care of and no one got hurt, but wanted to they were literally all over there. We're 100 ft or so away and wouldn't have known it. So, want to thank the Lord for that. Um, and then the song isn't anything anything crazy, but um, I turned it on this morning and then when I was reading um, Psalm 66, make a joyful noise unto the Lord all ye lands and sing forth the honor of his name. Make his praise glorious. So, it's all I want to do is just praise the Lord. Feel free to sing with, but I wanted to sing it this morning. [Music] We are a moment. You are forever. Lord of the ages, God before time. We are a vapor. You are eternal. Love everlasting, reigning on [Music] high, holy, holy Lord God Almighty, worthy is the lamb who was slain. name highest praisees on earth Lord be unto your name. Be unto your name. We are the broken and you are the healer. Jesus redeemer, you are mighty to sing. You are the love song that will sing forever. bowing before you and blessing your name, oh holy, holy Lord God Almighty, worthy is the lamb who was slain. Highest praisees, honor and glory be unto your name. Be unto your name. Holy, holy, oh holy, holy Lord God Almighty, so worthy is the lamb who was slain. [Music] Highest praisees, honor and glory be unto your name. Be unto your Sing it ac cappella with me. Holy, holy Lord God Almighty, worthy is the lamb who was slain. [Music] Highest praisees, honor and glory be unto your name. Be unto your name. [Applause] [Music] God bless you saints. Hope this blesses you. [Music] When I think about how great you are and all your mighty ways, I'm humbled by the thought of being wanted to represent your name. And all that I can say is I'm unworthy of your love. I'm unworthy of your blood. So unworthy of the price you had to pay for all the shame of who I was. It floods my mind that I'm not enough. But I'm so thankful that you loved me anyway. I feel unworthy, Lord. [Music] Oh, I'm unworthy, Lord. [Music] When I look back on where I came [Music] from and all my failed [Music] humanity, a product of sin and destined to be lost, but you set me free. And I'm overwhelmed above all you chose me. Cuz I'm unworthy of your love. I'm unworthy of your blood. I'm so unworthy of the price you had to pay. For all the shame of who I was, still floods my mind that I'm not enough. But I'm so thankful that you loved me anyway. Oh, I'm unworthy, Lord. I feel so unworthy, Lord. I'm unworthy of your love. I'm unworthy of your blood. I'm so unworthy of the price you had to pay. For all the shame of who I was, still floods my mind that I'm not enough. But I'm so thankful that you loved me anyway. Lord, when you could have walked away, you loved me anyway. I'm unworthy, [Music] Lord. I'm so unworthy, Lord. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this morning. I greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. And uh I'm so happy to be back home with you all once again. Enjoyed these song specials this morning. That was lovely, huh? God dwells in the praises of his people. So I believe we ought to praise him more. Amen. Amen. Praise him for all things. Um before I say a few things here, uh brother Sie Clar is here. He is a pastor from Canada. And I would like brother Sie if you would come up here and greet the people. Say hello to them. Um if you need a translator from German to English, we'll have Amos to do it for you. But uh he's one of the few that when we came back from Germany and and was in Canada, we would visit with him in German. And uh uh so anyway, it's just a pleasure to have our brother Sie here with us. And uh come up here and bless the saints with a word of testimony. Amen. Thank you, brother Ron. Hey, God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Isn't it good to be a child of the Lord? Amen. We're so happy to be with you here uh this morning to praise the Lord together. He's a wonderful Lord. Hallelujah. And we're anxious to hear the word of God this morning. Amen. That's the most important thing in our life is to to uh walk in his way in the way of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. We're so happy, you know, um actually every Sunday night we listen to the services right here at the church. Amen. Our daughter Rosanne is here. And so we're just looking where she would be, whether she's present or not, and she and she hides somewhere in the church, but we're so thankful this morning that we we can serve the Lord together. You know, the Lord has been good to us. Amen. He's given us our inheritance. He's given us our children. Isn't that wonderful? All our children are serving the Lord. And you know, we uh send greetings to you from restored word fellowship. You know, we really have been restored. This word has been restored to us. Praise God. Hallelujah. We've heard a message from God. Not from a man, but we've heard a message from God Almighty, and we want to get ready for his coming. I believe he's coming soon. Amen. We got to be ready for his coming every day. We've got to live for Jesus. And we've got to praise his name, glorify his name. I enjoyed the songs this morning. Amen. We want to be in his presence, his glorious presence. And we're so thankful, Amen. for Brother Ron and his ministry. He's He's blessed us tremendously. I I'm sure he's blessed you people. Amen. Are we all believers here this morning? Can we say amen to the word of God this morning? Amen. He's a wonderful Lord. Praise God. Amen. I wasn't expecting to come up here uh this morning, but praise the Lord. Here I am praising the Lord. Hallelujah. He's been good to me. You know, he's healed my body. He's a healer. So if you're sick, he can heal your bodies. Hallelujah. You know, there was a just some time back, you know, I fell over in church. Believe it or not, I was preaching for an hour and a half. Maybe I should have only preached an hour. But you know something, there I fell down and they had to revive me. And here I am today. The Lord, the Lord has extended my life and I want to serve him. I want to give him the rest of my life. Amen. Hallelujah. We have transitioned. You know, brother Moses uh Nadella is the pastor now of Restored Worth Fellowship. You know, it's good to transition, you know, sometime in your life when you get to be 81. Amen, brother Ron. When you get to be 81, you may have to transition. Amen. It's not so hard to do. It's quite nice to sit in the congregation and praise the Lord without responsibility. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Our Lord is wonderful. Can you say amen? Let's give praises to our Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I enjoyed that. Thank you. Yeah, he could have just kept going, huh? Gita. Yeah. Well, listen. Next Sunday I will give you a report of our trip to South Africa and some of the things that we experienced there. Um, and so we'll just uh be under expectation to go ahead and give you a little bit of a report and show you some videos and and different things and some photos. Um, and I'm not speaking this morning because I excuse myself and I asked brother Mario. I had gotten a bad head cold for the last five days in South Africa. And brother Kevin Milm, his daughter, sister Shannon, is a full-on doctor. And uh she became my medical doctor for the last four or five days, put me on a nebulizer, gave me all these meds, and kept me alive so I could come home. Amen. And uh but there nothing worse than to be somewhere overseas and your head is plugged up and your ears my my left ear just unplugged this morning about 8:00. You know when you have the ear when it plugs up and it hurts and everything and this morning I was sitting there and I was praying all of a sudden I could hear again. I said praise God. So we thank God for that. So I appreciate our brother Mario for taking u last minute the service for us and uh uh we were blessed uh and I know you all were blessed. We got to watch some of the services of you guys while we were overseas and um I appreciate Steven McNeely and the brethren here all of the associates that we have here at this church. I am proud of every one of them. I tell you is give him a hand. Yeah. And so, uh, without any further ado, let's all stand. We'll change the order of the service. I'll turn it to our brother Robert. God bless each and every one of you. You, just to see your smiling faces is a healing virtue to me. God bless you. Thank you so much for your prayers and your support. We love you very much. Amen. Let's sing humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord this morning. Amen. I appreciate the presence of the Lord today. Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord. Humble your sisters echo. of the [Music] Lord. And he shall lift you up all higher and higher, and he shall lift you up. Lift up your hands and praise the Lord. Oh, lift up your hands and praise the glory. Lift up your hands and praise the Lord. And he shall lift you up all higher and higher and he shall lift you up. You got to trust him this morning and trust in the Lord with all your heart. Trust in the Lord with all your heart and he shall lead you to higher and higher and shall. Let's sing this last verse to him this morning. Trust in the Lord with all your heart. Oh, trust in the Lord with all your heart. [Music] Trust in the Lord with all your heart and he shall lead you through all. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's give him a hand clap of praise. Amen. He's worthy of our praise. Amen. Amen. Are you glad to be a Christian this morning? Yes, sir. Amen. Yes, sir. Yes. It's not our desire to be a Christian, but it's God desire for us to be a Christian. Thank you, Lord. And it is not a new organization. It's not a religion, but it's a personal relationship with God. Amen. And he promised that wherever two or three are gathered in his name, he will be in our midst. Amen. So, praise the Lord. So, I want to greet each and everyone in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Because in his name there is power. That's right. In his name there is healing. In his name there is restoration. In his name there is a revival. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we'd like to welcome back Brother Ron, Sister Sandy. Amen. So, I got a last minute call for to preach the gospel. Usually, I I told brother Ron that he request me to preach at least two weeks in preparations because I have the hard time translating it. But when it was Friday, I I feel not so good. I feel so sad and I'm want what's something is wrong with with me. I feel so sad and I and I don't understand the feelings. It was around maybe about 4:00 in the afternoon. So I went down and I checked my cell phone and there was a text, "Brother Mario, can we preach for me because I have bedic So I was uh I was maybe this is the time that God give me something in my heart. Amen. And when brother Ron requested me, I know it was by the inspiration of God that inspired him to request me and I cannot say no. That's right. Amen. So it's up to you Lord. That's right. Thank you. Whatever word you put in my heart, I'll just give me the liberty to deliver to your people. Because we are not walking by our own desire or ideas, but as the sons of God, we are just waiting for the leading of the spirit of God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And I want to take this uh opportunity to the one who gave me a a card. It it is a appreciation card with uh $100 gift cards. No return address, no name, but I want to thank uh the Lord this morning. Take this opportunity to say thank you or whoever it was. We may not know the name, but God knows it. That's right. And may God bless you uh a hundfold times. Amen. Amen. And so praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow our head. Most gracious heavenly father, Lord, we are so privileged to be in your house this morning. We give you the praise. We give you the honor. We give you the thanksgiving, Lord. And we thank you, Lord, for calling us to be your son, Lord, sons and daughters of God, Lord, which is led by your spirit, Lord. Oh, we are so privileged to be Lord in your presence this morning that we can worship you Lord. We can pour out our heart Lord. you know each and everyone of our needs this morning, Lord. And I ask your Holy Spirit once again to come by and speak to us in a very special way, Lord. And I even commit myself to you, Lord God. That give me a calm spirit, Lord. That help me, Lord, to deliver the word that you put in my heart this morning. That they may not see a man, but they will see you, Lord, in the revealed word of the hour. So I commit this service to you Lord in Jesus Christ's name and amen and amen. So I invite you to open uh our scripture in second Peter 3 verse 1-5 then Romans 10 verse 20- 21. Amen. So just say amen when you'll get there. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Second Peter chapter 3 verse 1. This second epistle beloved I now write unto you in both which I steer up your pure mind by way of remembrance. So we need to keep steering our mind by way of remembrance of the things that we have been taught in this hour. Amen. So steer up means to we need to be inspired. We need to stimulate. We need to awaken. Amen. Let us not uh be a lukewarmian age. That's right. That's always on fire. Amen. Verse two. So that he may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets and of the commandment of us the apostle of the Lord and Savior. Knowing this first that there shall come in the last days covers walking after their own lust. And saying where is the promise of his coming? Yeah. For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation. For this they willingly are ignorant of that by the word of God the heavens were of old and the earth standing out of the water and in the water. in Romans chapter 10 verse 20 21. Thank you Lord. Verse 20. Isaiah is very bold. So Isaiah is the prophet Isaiah. Amen. And said I was found of them that sought me not. and I was made manifest unto them that ask not after me. So this is speaking of future time when the Gentiles would receive the message of Christ gladly after the Jew as a nation had rejected the message of Christ for their day. In verse 21, but to Israel he said all day long have I stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gains people. So as the Jew rejected the message of Christ and refused to come out of the denominations in their day, the message of that day was given to the Gentiles. Amen. Amen. So we embrace the message of the hour even in these last days that the word is being restored among us. So as the prophets said as they reject the message of the hour in these last days and we receive it by grace now this message will return back to them. And it's already on the way. Amen. Amen. So we can also see the sign. So may the Lord add the blessing upon the reading of his word. You may now be seated. So I will uh title this little thought the sign of the end time. And the subject the rise of scoffers a disobedient and gains people. Amen. So I would like to focus on second Peter verse chapter 3:3. Knowing this first that there shall come in the last days scoffers walking in their own lust. So we are now in the last days. Yes. Scappers are individual who mock and ridicule or express contempt for God his word and his people. Those who oppose or belittle the teaching of God. And we can see it in our day. You can see it in YouTube. Anywhere you go, there is always a sculper that is against the message of the hour. Amen. So that's why we will not wonder why they come out. in these generations while they mock the prophet while they mock the message while they against the prophet against the prophecy. So it's not already an ordinary thing. We will not be surprised because this is the sign of the last days. So we need to rejoice that they come out. In other words, this is a sign for us to stir up the things that we have already heard. Amen. They may against it but we are convinced by the passage of the hour. Amen. And no one can convince us. Amen. If even if they form a certain group to go against the message against the people of the prophet, but there is still a certain people of God who receive it by his grace and will stand irregardless of ridicule or scuffing they will do. Praise God. and saying where is the promise of his coming? This is one of the first real sign that we are closing in for the final stages of the rapturing of the bride the final stages. They are always asking where's the coming? Where is the coming? Yeah, remember that we preach about brother Brandham preached about the three coming of Christ. The first coming is to catch his bride, to redeem his bride. And the second coming, he come to catch the bride. And this second coming, we can see all supported by all the scriptures as we preached in last services. He said to to to John, "Behold, I come as a thief." He didn't say, "I come a thief," but as a thief. Amen. Because a thief always strike silently and no one knows that is a secret coming of Christ. So this secret coming of second coming of Christ, he will not come in his corporal body but he will come according to the prophecy of Luke 17:30 as the son of man. So that's why this is a secret coming only for the bride of Jesus Christ. And we are fully convinced that we have received the message of the hour because when he come he fulfilled 1 Thessalonians 4:17 as the Lord descended from heaven he will be a do three things there will be a shout there will be a voice and there will be a trump and we are already on the process of the changing of body because we already heard the voice we have already heard the shout the message of the hour. And the prophecy that there is now an invisible union between the bride and the bridegroom and the marriage of the bridegroom take effect in these last days. And he will take us out from here. Just like the brother brand said, just like Romeo and Juliet. Amen. And no one knows. But the sculpers says that where is his coming? Where is the promise of his coming? So notice this is not speaking about unbelievers questioning the message of the hour. Unbelievers don't even believe the message. Oh, the prophet. So these are message believer so-called that once were associated with the message. Yes. but who are now questioning and doubting and promoting question against the message of the hour. Amen. Can we see that all around us? It sure need to excite us because we are now in the final stages. Amen. Of the rapture of the bride. Thank you, Lord. They didn't appear few years back. They just appeared just few years. Amen. And look at their weak argument. For since the father fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation. This is the excuse that they think justified their argument in that they say that prophecies of the prophet especially the gentile prophet in this generation have failed to come to pass according to their interpretation. Just like for example the prophet predicted 1977 God will come and they make an issue out of it. But for us we clearly understand that the prophet said I predict not prophesy. So they failed to come to pass according to their interpretation. For this they willingly are ignorant of. So they are not willing to search it deeper. That's right. In the revelation of what has God sent in these last days to learn about the coming of Christ in this hour. They are just simple message. They said oh there's nothing good to it. Just so simple message. There's a prophet. There is a church ages seal book. standard that's also simple. So the scripture said that by the word of God the heavens were old and the earth is standing out of the water. So willingly ignorant because they don't dig deep enough to know what is really the message of the hour. Amen. Because the prophet said if you want to go deeper into the love of God keep on digging and more will unfold. We have an open book. So the revelation is still continue. We don't put period in it. Because when you put period you become another denomination. Denomination of parroia denomination of tuso denominations of the return ministry. Yeah. We don't put period in it but we put comma in it because God is eternal. He keep on unfolding and unfolding. Remember that the book was open. Revelation 10:1 open book. Yes sir. It didn't close. It remains open. So sometime if we if we if if we quot some scripture that the prophet didn't mention remember that the book is still open. He keep on unfolding and unfolding. So may sometimes may we sometime may we use scripture that the prophet didn't use. But it doesn't mean that we are not in the message. That's right. Come on. And sometime they say oh the pro the the prophet didn't use that scripture but God if God open the scripture to us and it all against uh it point back to the word. Yeah, the word is open book. We have an open book that the revelation continues and continue and speaking about the the the the coming of Christ as the prophet said. Now remember I've said everything in three. His coming is in three. The first time he came to redeem his bride. And it happened when God was born in a manger became man sacrifice himself in Calvary. That his first coming to redeem his bride. The second time he want he come to catch away his bride. And many even the denominational people miss this the second coming which is the secret coming. like the love affair comes around and steal her out of nighttime and take her away from the word. Meet him in the air. So he's quoting 1 Thessalonian 4:17. Meet him in the air. The secret coming of the Lord. The second time he comes to receive his bride. First time to redeem her. The second time to receive her. And the third time with her as king and queen. Hallelujah. So that's why so if a person was to look for a public display of this great event of second coming as a tip in the ninth then you would never see it because a thief does not make a sin. That's right and announce his coming right that's why it is called secret. That's why he said that I will come as a thief. It's a secret coming and only the bride recognized his coming because he said his shout voice message in the last days and the bride embrace it. And the marriage took place when you receive the word of God because marriage as the prophet said is a covenant between men and women. Amen. Your covenant is what marries you. Yes. Amen. Amen. That's why as brother Ron said he always ask if somebody come and want to to ask his permission to know a certain woman instead the first thing he will ask are you engaged? Yes. Because if you are engaged then you cannot marry any other one. Yes. Because if you are engaged now being pronounced and marry another one then you are committing adultery because your covenant are already the one that married you then follow the ceremony. So in Hebrews chapter 2 verse1, therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things we have heard. Less at any time we should let them sleep. What we heard in these last days, we heard about our our our portion in the scripture. We heard about the mystery of God being revealed in our day and we need to take hold of it. Right? Lest at any time we should let them sleep. Even Revelation chapter 2:25, but that which we have already, you already have the revelation of the word in your day. Hold fast. Till he said, "Till I come." You need to hold fast. Amen. So there's so many disappointment coming our ways against the prophet against we are and tendency is sometimes even in the Philippines there was a a a certain brother from Texas going there and promoted that the prophet is this the prophet is that the prophet is false he's prophesy and all those healing campaign are not true. Amen. But one thing I noticed that he don't go to a minister to share his view. He don't go to a minister. He don't go to the elders, but he goes to those who are weak in the spirit. That's right. Just like the scripture say they're going from house to house. Silly women, but they don't want to face a minister. They don't want to face an altar. But those who are weak, they are the one that is being and many a lot of them who are in the message for so long sometimes sleep because what they are saying is so convincing if you are not have a solid foundation in the word of God. So that's why we need to take hold. Amen. Sometimes in our in our journey in the message of the hour there's a lot of destructions along our way. Even when I was new in the message there is a so much doctrine along my journey that sometimes I am so confused. There are the parroia there are the two souls. there are the return and sometimes I feel like I'm questioning myself but one thing that convince me I am a sinner a drunkard a host then when I receive the message I become a new creation in Christ Jesus that's what I hold on in my life even though I don't understand but I still hold I'm fully convinced that the message that I receive is true Hallelujah. And we receive the prophet. Every time I see the life story of the prophet, I stay with the life story of the prophet because his life story [Applause] is a supernatural life. Because I was a I was a short-tempered guy. I don't I'm easily get angry. But when I read the life story of the prophet, it humbled myself. Thank you, Lord. And I desire to be like him. Amen. Lord, help me to become humble just like this brother. To be loving like this brother. Even though he has a lot of signs and wonder in his ministry, but never did one time that he boast about his ministry. He stay humble. Amen. While I look at the denomination, PhD, HHD, all of the DDD, they talk about their diploma, their accomplishment, but the prophet, thousands and thousands are healing in his campaign, but still remain humble and can accept his mistakes. That's where I follow this man. Amen. because his life project Christ. So that's why even though I have so many doctrines along the way as if I'm conf I stay with the prophet in these last days because along the way if just continue to hold on God will reveal himself more and more and more. Hallelujah. The more I stay on the word of God the more he reveal himself. Irregardless of the confusion along a way, just stay with the word. Hold fast. Hallelujah. You need to hold fast to the word. Irregardless of anybody else what they're saying. You need to stay focused on the word. That's why this is not an organization. This is not a religious. This is a personal revelation. Personal relationship with Christ between you and him. Hallelujah. Praise be to God. Hold fast. We know that what caused the fall of men was that Eve failed to hold fast to the word that was given to hold to for her day. The early church also failed to hold fast to the word that was given for their day. But in this hour, we are called to hold to every word of promise that has been given for this day. We don't dug one word in this hour or we will like we will be like Eve again. We need to hold on every word. Amen. Whatever word that is being revealed, just hold on to that. Amen. Don't go overboard and to know more and to know more and become pop up. Just stay with the word. As long as he give you the word, just stay with it and wait for another revelation coming. Stay with it. Don't be arrogant. Don't be know it all. Just stay humble and Lord help me. Reveal yourself to me Lord that I can live the life according to your grace. Amen. So we believe in the promise of Christ and his bride becoming one in this hour. Do you believe it that the uniting time has come uniting of the bride and the groom, the invisible union of the bride and groom take place in these last days? The headstone uniting with the body and the promise of a super church. You become a super church, a super race. Amen. And sometimes people will hear, "Oh, super race, you boast so much." No, we are not boasting so much. That's right. We just receive the privilege that we are called a super church. Thank you, Lord. Nobody called a super church but the prophet of God. And the prophet of God only has thus said the Lord. So it was God himself who identify us as his super church. Amen. Amen. The promise of a body change. First Thessalonians. This is the promise of a body chains. And brother Brham quote Genesis chapter 18. Abraham and Sarah. Before the promised son came, God has to change the body. Hallelujah. And he type it in our day. In order to meet Christ in the air, he need to change our body in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Let us not figure out how he changed our body. We just believe it. He will change it in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. It's up to him to do it. But what he require from us just to believe it. And it's not easy to believe. Unless you are a part of God, you cannot believe this word. That's right. Because not everybody can receive it. Only a special class of people. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. All these things we know to be true because the one who promised is able to keep all of his promises. One who promised he's able to keep his promise. So we have been promised all these things and we are to believe and hold fast to every word. Amen. Not a selected word but the word that is being revealed to you. Whatever revealed to you that's yours. Right? Don't compare it to anybody else. Just be faithful to what he revealed unto you because not everybody grows the same. So we need just to be faithful as he reveal himself to each and every one of us. Amen. Amen. In the message proving his word paragraph 122 said now I want you to notice he does it that way in every age. He does it every time by the same method. What did he doing at the same time? In every church aid he sent a word and when he sent a word he fulfilled the word and that is his method. He has to take believers and then in order to have believers to meet the word he's got to predestinate it to that age. Amen. You see, he's got to predestinate this thing to be here to meet the challenge of the age. Amen. Did you get it? Did you feel it? In other words, if you have truly seen the message of the hour, then that can only be because God before the foundation of the word ordained you to believe that word. Hallelujah. So he had been you had been born into this age to receive the word for this age so that you could meet the challenge of this age. The message of this hour equips you. Yes sir. For the challenge of the hour. Hallelujah. We cannot stand this loudest nuclearness unless God equip to stand in this in this loudest year because as as said when the enemy come in like a plug God will raise up a standard against it. So that's why he will equip up equip us to challenge the age that we are living in just like when the seven seal was opened the first seal that was a white horse. And it was a deception. And God raised up a standard to challenge that white horse and he sent hallelujah a lion to combat the white horse. Then another one, Satan sent a red horse and God challenged it. He sent an ox. Then he said a black horse. Then God sent face of a man in the pale horse and God challenged it in the face of an eagle. God always equip his predestinated for the challenge of the hour. When God raised up a standard against the flood of the enemy, who is that standard to challenge the flood of the enemy? You are the standard that will challenge hallelujah Satan in these last days because the word of God is in you. So that's why you become the standard in these last days. Especially our women when you go to a mall you become the standard that they will see mostly of the women wearing short and everything but you are when you walk in that aisle in the mall you become the standard in this generation yes sir our young men they're living clean when you walk you don't smoke you don't drink you become a standard in this generation and someday when judgment strike you will get strike You will be the judge in this generation. Hallelujah. Yes sir. That's why we are not survivor in this loud this year. We are overcomers. Because God equip us to be an overcomer in this last day. Become a standard in these last days. Hallelujah. It was God's doing. He's got to predestinate it to that age. You see, it's got to predestinate this thing to be here to meet the challenge of the age. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So, it's not our battle, it's God's battle. Hallelujah. So, if you fall or if you fail, don't blame it to somebody else. God allows it. Hallelujah. In order for his name to be glorified. That's right. I've got to be this thing to be here to meet the challenge rate. Did you get it? Did it get you? Did you feel it? Do you understand it? That's what happening today. He predestinated it to be to this by his fornowledge. And when he predestinated in Malachi 4, it's got to happen. Amen. And when he produced the name Malachi 4, what is the scripture written in Malachi 4? He said, I will send you Elijah the prophet. So if that is being the word made manifest, the Elijah manifest. How about the you? We are the people of the you. Amen. So if Malachi 4 is being fulfilled, you are fulfilling with Malachi 4 because you are the people to fulfill. Hallelujah. In Malachi 4 has sent you Elijah the prophet because without you he will not send Elijah because you are in his mind before the foundation of the word in order for you to recognize your day. He will send you Elijah the prophet in order to turn your heart back to the original of faith of the father. Amen. Hallelujah. You are in his mind first. Before his Elijah. Hallelujah. When he come over and predestinate anything to happen and it says it will happen in his word, he had to prove his word to be. So did God prove it? Amen. You are the testimony of how he fulfilled Malachi 4 because you are not following a man. You're not following an organization. You are following Christ which the Malachi 4 introduced. And he said I must decrease and he must increase. You are embracing not the prophet but you are embracing the Christ the God of the prophet in these last days. That's right. Amen. When he predestinate anything to happen and says it will happen, he knows that seed will be there just at that time. God is always on time. He never been late. Hallelujah. He predestinated a bride. Yes. Predestinated a bride. It is already a declaration. That's right. He didn't preditionate an organization. He didn't preditionate William Burnham organization. He predestinated a bride. Hallelujah. She's going to be there. Hallelujah. If he predator is a bride, he is going to be there in this loudia. And he will become a standard in this loudia. Hallelujah. Wow. Wow. She is going to be there. He predestinated it by his fornowledge. So there's nothing going to stop it. Hallelujah. Whatever your trial and testing in life, whatever failures, no one can stop it because God predestinated a bride to manifest in these last days. Praise the Lord. So we can find rest in his promises. Don't struggle too much. I do this, I do this, I do this. Then you fail. Then you got discouraged. But when God revealed to you the who you are, it will become just like you can find rest. Lord, I know whatever happened in my journey in life, I know you are in complete control because you are predestinated. You predestinated me to be the bride of Jesus Christ and no one can take away my position in your word. So whatever happen I don't desire to commit sin but I just lay Lord I stay humble. I stay true to your word but sometimes circumstances come around and I cannot help it but God humble myself and he will do the rest. Don't struggle. Amen. That's why people say, "Oh, brother Mario, do you have any plan or trip this year?" And I always say, "No, I don't have any plan financially. I don't have the capacity to plan. I learn to trust in him." Amen. I believe if God put a gift in my heart, he will make a way. That's why he said, "Do you have plan?" I don't have plan. Then just few few days later, I was invited to to Italy. Well, I don't have any money, but God made a way. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. And thank you, brother Ron, for the support. But before that, I don't have any plan. Maybe somebody, oh, brother Mario is a liar. He always told me that he don't have any plan, but now he's going. But as sons and daughters of God, we rely upon the leading of the spirit of God. We don't plan but God planned for us because the footstep of the righteous men are ordered arranged by God and he knows where to put his gift because gift of God always find their places. Hallelujah. It is for the edification of the body until we come into the unity of the faith. It has nothing to do with our physical being. Hallelujah. You must be able to recognize and identify the word being fulfilled in your own life because the word of this hour must become your experience in the story of story of your own personal life. True brother because this is a personal walk with God. You cannot compare yourself to anybody else but compare yourself with the scripture. Whatever character you can see is always reflect your journey in life. Amen. Because the word of this hour must become your experience in the story of your own personal life. Because in the volume of the book, it is written of the pattern of your life. So in the story of Ruth, all these characters in the Bible, the story of Ruth, of Rebecca, of Abraham and Sarah, of Abigail, of Rahab, they all reflect our journey in life. One way or another, we can relymen, we can relate. Amen. To their story that it is I In Rebecca, it is I. In Abigate, it is I. In Rahab, it is I. It is I. Hallelujah. Just like you came out of Egypt of denominational system by the leadership of an Exodus bracket. So we now have a third Exodus prophet. Amen. We come out from denominational bondage and come to the promised land of the hour. Thank you, Lord. Like Rahab, you have received the message that was sent by Joshua. And he embraced the message of the hour. And in order for to be saved during the judgment in Jericho, you need to be under Rahab. Amen. Umbrella. Because he become the mouthpiece in Jericho. without going in Rahham, everything will be judged. That's right. She become the mouthpiece. She become the token. She become the standard in the day because she received the message of the hour. That's why when we you receive the message of the hour, you become the mouthpiece of God. You are the final voice in this generation. Amen. They cannot find they cannot find they cannot find eternal life except for you and I because we are carrying the word the revealed word of the hour and he said my word they are spirit and they are life not the word of Luther Wesley or Pentecost or that the word that is being revealed in your what is that word the word Christ in you the hope of glory sir As the prophet told of the little boy that saw himself in the mirror for the first time, he's looking at them. Every time he move, the boy in the mirror move. When he smile, he's also smiling. Whatever he's doing, the boy in the mirror is acting just like the same. and he's wondering why he's trying to figure out who is this or what is that or who is this boy but one day he said mama that's me mama that's me hallelujah this is how you come into the message of the hour when you read about the stories of the old testament mama that's me mama that's me in Abraham Mama does mean Sarah. Mama does mean Elisa. Mama does mean Rebecca. Because the life that you live is a reflections of the word. That's why when the word was open and called your name, you responded to it because the ministry of your life is being revealed. Hallelujah. You can relate to the opening of the word. The calling of your name is the mystery being revealed. And you responded, "Mama, that's me. Amen. Mama, that's me. Don't give it to others. God predestinated your life for this hour to perform and to fulfill certain part of his word for this time. Just the same that he predestinated brother Brham's life for this day to perform certain part of the word that he was to leave out of this time. Amen. I send you Elijah the prophet. We have a part to fulfill not by our own struggle but how much we surrender our life. Let me be used by you Lord. Amen. Let my mouth be your mouth. Let my eye be your eye. Let my feet be your feet in these last days. Amen. Because we have part to fulfill in these last days. That's why we can say we are not an ordinary people. If people around the world look at us, we become ordinary. It's just okay. But in the eye of God, we are a special class of people. Amen. And you are a man of valor. Hallelujah. You are a man of strength. And even if God is not done with you in this earth, no one can take your life. That's right. Amen. Amen. Remember the prophet said John the Baptist or John the Beloved was cooked in oil for 24 hours. He fried John. When you put chicken only 15 minutes but John 24 hours and he's swimming and he is having a spa but with oil and he's rejoicing because if God is not done with you no one can take your place. No one can take God's place because he need to fulfill prophecy because he was the one that was given to write all this prophecy because the revelation of Jesus Christ was given to him. That's why no one can touch him. Even you pray him. It become a a sona with oil. Praise the Lord. Even uh during the reign of Hitler, I just read it that there was an attempt assassinations for Adop Hitler during his reign. In fact, they recorded 18 in total. Aiden attempt to kill assassinate Hitler but no one can touch him. It seems that he become invisible because the scripture had to be fulfilled in that a third of Jewish population had to die in the Holocaust according to the prophecy of the scripture. So that's why if God is not finished with you, no one can touch you. You need to fulfill what part of the scripture doing doing. So if a gayser are prophesied to arise against the Exodus prophet in fact the third Exodus prophet because an Exodus is coming out and going in. Gainsayer are prophesied to arise in the last days. Then there will have to be a people to fulfill part of the prophecy. So we as the bride need to watch these things and to know what is happening in this hour by what has been prophesied for this hour. Amen. Our day has arrived. These culpers are already on rise. The disobedient to the word against arise and it's up for him to look up. It's up for us to look up. Our redemption is draw at night. Hallelujah. So it is not always an accident that they come out and manifest or rise in these last days. It is time for us to take hold of the word that was being given to us. Amen. First Peter I read it once again knowing this verse that there shall come in the last days scuppers walking after their own lust and saying where is the promise of his coming? Hallelujah. Let the sculper do their works. As brother Ron, you are already too late. We are already being caught up by the revelation of the word of God. And no one and no way for us to go back. There is no turning back because we have already reached the point of no return. Hallelujah. We are now walking. The shout we heard, the voice we heard. We are waiting for the trump of God for the changing of our body, the gathering together of the bride of Jesus Christ. That's why we have reached the point of no return. Amen. Keep going on. Hold fast to the word that you have been revealed. So, brother Bernham told us that the book of Jude that there were some deeper things in this book that we need to learn about regarding the gaining of Kora. Excuse me. So in Jude chapter one, so you don't need to open up. Maybe I we have that in the board. Jude chapter 1 verse 5. I will therefore put you in remembrance. Though ye once knew this, how that the Lord, having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroy them that believe not. These are the same people who came out under the ministry of an Exodus prophet. They come out, but they didn't go all the way to the promised land. They become contented. They put period on what they believe. And the angel which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness until the judgment of the great day. So these people failed to hold fast to the truth of what they had originally been given. They fell for the first state. Your estate is your original domain. domain opposition of what God has placed you in truth for your age. Amen. In Jude chapter we jump on 11. Woe unto them for they have gone in the way of Cain. So he has special mentions about Cain. Remember in the book of Hebrew that God Cain offered an excellent sacrifice unto God. Yeah. Woe unto them for they have gone in the way of Cain. Remember that Cain wanted God to accept his religious sacrifice that was contrary to the revelations for that hour. God rejected just as denomination this day when God want God to accept their false form of worship God has to reject it in this day. Just like Cain offered the more or an excellent sacrifice. This is not that ordinary sacrifice in an excellent sacrifice. But because it didn't come from the revelation of God, God rejected it. That's why woe unto them for they have gone in the way of Cain and run greedily after the error of Balam for reward. came Balam and Balam was hungry for the dollars. He loved the money and the money was more important to him than staying true to the word of God. We can see it all around us in these last days. The way of Cain, the way of Balam. Amen. And we know that how it ended and perished in the gain saying of Kora. What about Kora? Kora was the one who withtood the Exodus prophet of his day. Saying that he had the others were just as good as Moses. God didn't like that. And we know what happened of how the earth opened up and swallowed them all down. You watch people that give this message because of the gain saying of Kora. Yeah. I am the eighth messenger. I am the only bride. We are the only group. Gaining of Kora. They identify themselves according to what they want. I am the next apostle. I am the next eight messenger. I am ordained of God. I am the eagle of this age. God didn't like that. And we know what happened to the earth open and swallowed them all down. You watch people that give the message because of the gains and gains saying of course in this day the earth Worthiness eventually swallow them up. They proclaim I'm this, I am that, but they are leaning on different direction. They allow short hair, they allow pants, they allow everything. They are free. Not only happen here, happen in my country. That's why I can preach about that because I am a witness to that. Amen. They always claim to be what they are. So in Jude chapter 17, but beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ. Gain saying Cain, Balam, and Kora. But in 17, but beloved, remember you the words which have spoken before of the apostle Lord Jesus Christ. How that they told you there should be a mockers in the last time who should walk after their own ungodied lust. This mockers are people are grumbler and complainers living only to satisfy their desire. They brag loudly about themselves and they flatter others to get what they want. We can see it all around us. But a real believers, you can hardly hear them bragging about themselves. They just humble themselves. Yes. You know when people brag about themselves, it's full of wind. Nothing in there. Amen. But when people are humble themselves, just lies the grain. You know that it's heavy because it's loaded. It just humble themselves. Very good. Verse 18. This be they who separate themselves and sensual having not the spirit but ye beloved building up yourselves on your most holy faith praying in the Holy Ghost. Keep yourself in the love of God looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ into eternal life. You need to hold fast the word that we receive and be so in love with the Lord Jesus Christ. Because the more you become in love with the Lord Jesus Christ, you are ashamed to commit sin against the word of God. That's right. Because if you don't know what you believe, you look at the Facebook, you look the Instagram, you look for media, you look for something. But if you know who you are, you stay humble and stay in the word of God and God will lead you. You don't have desire for somebody else. Of course, the body is human. We fail sometime. We get discouraged. But that is part of our Christian life. Amen. You don't really desire to fail. You pray hard to be sincere in your walk with God. But along the way, God knows what he wants best for us. And that is through trials and testings and everything. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thessalonians 5:21, prove all things, hold fast to that which is good. What is good is the revealed word of the hour. in a message proving his word said we have a scripture and Jesus said all scripture must be fulfilled that we should prove all things and then hold fast or hold tight get a death grip on it and don't turn it loose hold fast to that which is good it it you make this word between life and yet. Amen. You need to hold fast. Amen. Now, we see another one. Then you no doubt have heard them say, "Seeing is believing." That's another old proverb we have here. But that doesn't work either. It's true. It doesn't work cuz men can sit and look right straight at anything and they'll not see it. That's right. The word sea in English word sea has the many different meaning to it. So he put se as in the sea is a might mean a body of water and see might mean to understand. See might mean to look at it. I know there's just all kind of words you can use. But when you say seeing is believing, you're not mistaken. Or see, but when you say seeing is believing, you're mistaken. That's right. Because when you understand it, you believe it. Amen. How can you believe if you don't understand? That's why the prophet sent Elijah in these last days to open the seal to gather all those loosened that we might understand the mystery of God that was hidden before the foundation of the word. Now we understand why he sent Elijah in this days. That's why we believe even though sometimes we cannot explain it but we understand it. Amen. That's why we believe we cannot believe and uh we cannot believe something unless we cannot understand. Right? That's why we have services Monday or Wednesday, Sunday a special holiday in order for us to understand. We have fivefold ministry. We have visiting ministry. That's why we are so blessed in this assembly. We have all kind of ministers coming in giving us the word of God. Amen. Amen. As brother Ron sometimes said that I have preached this subject. I have preached for so many for weeks and series and series. It seems that no one is amening. But when a minister is coming and he preach the same sermon that I preach, everybody is saying amening. Praise the Lord. It's the gift. Amen. To let us understand the word of God. That's why sometimes we we heard minister preach and another come and he preached the same sermon. But sometimes we wonder why why I don't say in my heart well I heard it but you rejoice because you want to understand you understand the word of God because the more you understand the word the more you live the word that you understand. How can you live something when you cannot understand? That's why praise the Lord that he has given us a five-fold ministry in the church. Amen. Hallelujah. A variety of gifts coming in the church that is to bring unity into the church. Hallelujah. Not only our local church, but we have the supplemental ministry coming in. That is to make us understand. Thank you Lord. That's why somebody that visiting our church, they are so blessed by the way we responds to the word of God because we have a pastor that capable to teach the word of God. You know that way and I always thank our congregations that they are so very appreciative of the word of God. Sometimes when I review my preaching, sometimes I am ashamed of myself because my grammar is over here, over here, over here. Sometimes my grammar is grumbling and the he will become she and the she will become he. So that's why I don't look at my my my videos. Forget it. Throw it. But thank you for the congregation that they just responds the way they they they just receive me for what I am. Actually, you're not receiving me. You're receiving the gift of God in your life. Because if I am, I will just Well, let's go continue. Praise the Lord. And see means to understand. She might mean to look at it. I know there just all kind of words you can use. But when you say seeing is believing, you're mistaken. But sometime you see, but it's not really you cannot really understand what you're seeing. When you understand, you believe it. Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." So that's the main key. You need to be born again. In other words, understand the kingdom because the kingdom is the Holy Spirit in you. So you have to understand what this is in you. And the only way you'll understand it is compare what it makes you do with what the Bible said it would make you do. Then your problem solved and then he is the Holy Spirit because when the spirit of God in you, he will quicken the word in your life. Amen. Problem solved. Amen. Thank you Lord. Sometime when you have problem you need to know the cause of the problem because if you know the cause of the problem 50% of your problem is already being solved already being solved. You need to know the cause of your problem. So I'm calling our musician my last quote. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Notice in these last days, Lucifer is doing the same thing. The devil doing the same thing. Building up a hybrid church, a hybrid by hybrid members, hybrid by knowledge instead of the word. Especially nowadays that the the AI or the intellectual artificial intelligence is so easy. Give me the code of this this and there are so many code. Give me the code. But one thing I noticed when I try it these scriptures, what is your comment about the scripture? And they put one thing I noticed even though I read it, there is no inspiration in it. Amen. It's true, brother. But when I go back to the tape and listen, there is always an anointing coming out of that. Even though how simple the word that you listen, God will just p add something littleer here, something here, go here, something here, something here. Amen. Hallelujah. Word upon word, here a little, here a little by thy inspiration. So that's why if you as the prophet said, you want to go deeper in the love, read the word of God. Read the word. Listen to the word. Don't listen to a that is good if you are in a hurry for something that to to to to to search for something that's okay but never use it as your sermon because there was no inspiration in it. Amen. We need inspiration. We need the Holy Ghost in our lives. We need the word to become alive in our life. Hallelujah. We had so much in these last days. The Holy Ghost is being poured out upon us. Thank you, Lord. That we may understand the mystery that was being hid from ages to ages. But now we are the most privileged people in these last days. Hallelujah. Did you wonder sometime ask your yourself why me Lord? Amen. Why did you chose me even before the foundation of the world? There are millions and millions and millions of people in this earth. Why me? He just said because I love you. Thank you Jesus. It is my prerogative my sovereign will to choose you even before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. So instead of asking and wondering what happened to your life, just give him praise. Just give him praise because he knows what he wants done with his word. You just surrender your life and trust in him. Hallelujah. Wonderful. Thank you. He may allow you to be broke financially. But he said, "I will supply all your needs according to the riches of his glory." Just seek his kingdom, the word, the Holy Ghost, and all your needs, financially, family affairs, whatever problem will just follow if you seek the Lord. Leave it unto him. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Hybrid by knowledge instead of the word, by intellectual men instead of born again men. Building an intellectual kingdom that will outshine Christ li what is it that did? Fallen angels. The Bible said it was fallen angels who listened to Lucifer instead of Christ who they once belonged to. Is that right? Now listen. Fallen angels. What kind of angels? Luther, Wesley, Catholic, Pentecostal, who kept not their first estate, and the angels did, and has fell into organization like Luther's main hold of Naa. And what have they done? Organized a great economical association of ministers to make an image unto the beast. As the Bible said, building a Christian economy that close the doors of this church and other like it see Lucifer at his work. Sometimes people this in or we are not to judge them but the prophet has come in our generation that there are people that instead of worshiping God they are worshiping Satan in these last days. Amen. Because Satan is the god of this evil age. Without knowing it, they thought that they are worshiping God. But they are worshiping devil instead because the only work true worshipper are those who receive the message of the hour in this last day. Many will be deceived in these last days. If their name is not written in the book of life will be deceived. [Music] But for you and I, the mighty angel of revelation come down with an open book, the book of redemption and called your name. Thank you, Lord. Revealing to you the mystery of your life in the book and watch the way you receive your name being called. Hallelujah. We are the only true worshipper of God. Amen. And God could not be called God without you. Because God is an object of worship. Hallelujah. So I'm trying to bring you to the three-fold revelation or mystery of God. What did they do? Sold out to reasoning of wisdom and education like Eve did. Fallen angels did. Wesley was a man of God. But what followed him? Fallen angels got into it. What was the first created being of God but fell for Lucifer's wisdom? Fell for Lucifer wisdom. And you see what they become? Fallen angels, an organization from men of God who has went forth to establish truth in the earth before the truth could go on and proclamate and get all real revelation of Christ. fallen angels come in and took it over and made denominations out of it. The fallen angels coming in, give them knowledge, give them wisdom, give them [Music] uh denominational schools, educate them, fallen angels. But praise God, we have a mighty angel of Revelation 10:1 coming down. Hallelujah. And that's the reason the revelation of the seven seal mystery had to be unfolded. Now you see what they left off. If Luther would have went on, it had been here. If Wesley would have went on, if Pentecostal would have went on, what would they have done? Now there's only one thing can happen. There has to be a message at the end time when there is nothing else can follow it. And now the economical world has set up such a regime that there can be no denominations and no not nothing else follow it. You're either in it or you're not in it. There's no denomination after this message. Either you are in it or out of it. Either you are elected or not elected. This is the point of no return. Either you are on God or not of God. [Music] The fruit is in the top of the tree and the light is shining on that predestinated fruit and she is ripening into Christlike fruit. Amen. What he's talking about? He's talking about the bride. Yes, we are now ripening. We we are growing into maturity of the word of God. Amen. We don't want to stay. Yes. As a child, we want to grow. Amen. That's why we pray, Lord, leave us higher. Bring us higher into your presence, Lord. As he is ripening into Christlike fruit, bringing forth the same melanist and sweetness and the same spirit that he had in him. Hope you see it. We become sweet and mellow. Yes. The same spirit that dwell in Christ that fulfill the scripture pertaining to his life is also to be in us to fulfill scriptures pertaining to the bride of his hour. Lord, shall we stand? So when we see these mockers and scabbers disobedient to the word and gains arise in this hour, we know that we are in a season of prophecy that cannot be reversed. The scripture must be fulfilled. Amen. It cannot be erased. It cannot be reversed. There will be a there will be a bride that will manifest in this last day. We know that the soon resurrection must take place and the promise of the body change must be fulfilled just as Abraham and Sarah were turned back young again. I'm looking forward to it. Amen. And are you looking forward to that? Amen. We are looking for the promise of a body change. That's right. We have already stepping in the progress of the word of God. There is no turning back. We are walking by the revealed word of the hour. There is no turning back. Because the bride must fulfill the scripture that he is predestinated to fulfill. Amen. And there's no turning back. Amen. Hallelujah. And when God give us the seal of his holy spirit, it cannot be unsealed because it will seal you until the day of your redemption. Let us comfort one another with his word. The sure word of prophecy is being made manifest in our day. God bless you. Amen. [Music] One of the best sermons I've heard brother Mario preach. Forget giving him two weeks now. [Music] God is good, is he not? I thank God for his grace in our lives. The unfolding of the word. It continues and it continues. It's still unfolding. Amen. It's so great. It'll take an eternity. Amen. That's right. And you'll unfold with him in those eternal ages. Amen. God bless you. We love you all this morning. I'll turn it over to the brother Robert. Let him sing and praise and worship the Lord together. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. We have so much to be thankful for. Chosen the prophecy of the you. You got prophecy. You got blessings. You got a home on high this morning. We are the generation. Let's sing it this morning here. That we are the [Music] generation where the nation of final voice. The world will hear the coming of the Lord is near. See now the revelation overcome temptation. The truth will go through every tongue and nation. Oh we are. Are you a part of it? If you are, lift your hand as a declaration. I am a part of. We are the ginger. I am grace and the grace the Lord. The call nation the final voice of hear the calling of the Lord is near. out the revelation. Overcome [Music] temptation to every Oh, [Music] we sing praises this morning. We sing praises to his name. Amen. We sing praises in the to him this morning. Same key. Amen. To your name, praises to your name. You're so worthy. You are great and greatly to be praised. And greatly to be praised. Pray to be praised. I sing praises to your name. Oh, praises to your name. Oh, oh, for your name is great and to be praised. Lord, I glorify you this morning. I give you glory. Glory to your name, oh Lord. Oh, glory to your name, oh Lord. For your name is great and is greatly to be praised. [Music] I give glory to your name. Oh, glory to your name. Oh, for your name is great and great. Let's sing that part again. He loves to be glorified this morning. Oh, I give glory to your name. Oh, glory to your name. [Music] Oh, oh, for your name is great and great. [Music] Thank you. Glory to you. Oh, glory to your name. [Music] to be praised. His name is great and greatly to be praised. Father, I see that you were drawn in a line and I want to be standing beside. Oh, holding your hand. So, let your kingom come. Oh, let it lift me. This is my prayer. This is my worship. A little higher. A little higher. Something sing. It's a growing revelation. Surrender in my [Music] heart. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers [Music] around. Let the sons and daughters [Music] see I'm surrendering my all that's in me. I surrender the second verse redemption song. Father I hear ros the song of your redee as the saints from every nation are awakening in the sing. Oh, from my heart it comes in love. The heavens sing. This is amen to our king. and let the sons in the water see. I'm surrendering my [Music] own the [Music] Surrendering my all. Surrender to the [Music] king. Amen. Let's give him a hand of praise this [Music] morning. We clap our hands. As we lift our hands to the King of Kings because he's a good God to us this morning. Fill my cup. Lord, I lift. Lord, we love you. Come quick. You said you'd fill us, Lord. thirsty of my soul. Oh [Music] [Applause] pray I [Music] want my pill. Would that be your prayer? If it is, say, "Here's my cup, Lord." Brother Neil, if you'll get ready to come pray. Here's my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and wait. thirsting on my [Music] soul. Oh great of heaven. Oh my god. [Music] up and lay. Wasn't it good to be in the house of the Lord today? Just wonderful to feed on the word of the Lord. Our most precious Jesus Christ. How wonderful you are, Lord. Our wonderful, true, mighty savior Jesus Christ. We ask you Lord that you would restore virtue to brother Mario for his trip that he's taken Lord and we just pray that you'd give him strength and and just may traveling mercies may the angels of the Lord camp about him and we ask that you go with each and every one of us and let us continue through this day to give thanks for the word that you have given to us and let our cups be full. We thank you and we give you praise and honor in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord today. Remember, uh, two weeks from now, we'll have the Sunday school play. That'll be two weeks from now. It'll be at 6:00 here at the church. Remember that. Lord willing Wednesday night, brother Lindsey McGrady will be speaking for us here this coming Wednesday. Remember, Brother Ron, the Lord would heal him up for next Sunday for Mother's Day. Please keep Brother Mario in prayer. He and Sister Josephine as they fly to Italy for the next two weekends of services. Remember to pray for the saints that we had mentioned for. Remember to keep Sister Lori Snow in prayer. Pray for one another. The effectual fervent prayer. It's a righteous thing to do and it's our daily thing that we should do. It's a reasonable thing we should do is pray for one another cuz when you pray for somebody, you get a blessing yourself. Amen. As we go this morning, you are awesome in this place. Key of Eflat. Key of Eflat. Not the building, but the temple's in the building. He's awesome. Not me, but him. Can you say amen to that this morning? Let's sing it as we go. And may it be a praise offering to him. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Lord, I thank you today. You are awesome in this place. Oh, he talked about praise. worthy of our praise to you. You are life. You are awesome in this way. As I come, as I come into your presence, oh passing angel of praise, oh to your savior, till we're standing face to face. I will look upon your countless I see the fullness of your grace. Holy holy bow down and say you are awesome for you to be thankful Lord we thank you today we call him a father you are [Music] worthy of praise You and you are our lives. We dream. You are awesome. Sing it as you go. Praise him this week. Give him thanks this week as you worship him. You are awesome. Oh mighty God. Oh, you are awesome. Oh the father you are worthy worthy of glory to you are great. You are awesome in this place. God bless you. Thank you Lord for your presence today Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
