################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-30 - Get to Digging- Bro Matthew McGeary - Evening Light Fellowship Camp 2025 - Matthew McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-30
Title:   Get to Digging- Bro Matthew McGeary - Evening Light Fellowship Camp 2025
Speaker: Matthew McGeary
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib9jQYErzvY
========================================

Are you you know I've sat where you've sat before. You really don't want to hear what the preacher has to say and you're just going to try to get through the service because there's other things you want to do. But but if you want to miss the tribulation, the prophet of God said you better start digging. So I don't know about you, but if the prophet said, "I'm preaching to myself." Come on now. If the if a vindicated prophet was preaching the message and he said, "You know what? I'm preaching to myself. I better I'm going to dig deeper than I've ever dug before." I say each one of us, something in your heart and in your soul ought to be saying, "I'm going to start digging deeper than I've ever dug in all of my life." But are you willing to make an effort? Are you willing to put your shoulder to the wheel? You know, it reminds me of that story one time about the lepers. You know, they were sitting out there and and and you know, they knew that, man, if if if if we go back into into Israel, we're going to die. If we go down uh uh to the enemy's camp, we're going to die. But they, you know, they said, pre-adventure, maybe maybe we find something that can help us. They and they said, "Why sit here till we die?" And what did they do? They they they they they made an effort. And you know, maybe you that study your Bible, you understand what happened. They went in and they they found riches and realized they couldn't get them all for themselves and they they went and told uh uh the Israel and prophecy was fulfilled. But but in this little message that we're trying to work through, making the valley full of ditches, uh brother Brandham talks about getting into the spirit and getting into the spirit of revival and and having to make an effort and and and getting into work to do our part. It takes each one of us to do our part. That's why we have a little song service. It's it's not just a a a routine and religion and ritual. Come on now. That there's a purpose in us coming together and and singing the songs. Uh we we saw the pattern right there. That's why the prophet, he got all worked up because because this backsliden Israelite borderline believer had come down inquiring them of the Lord. He said, "Look, man, if if this righteous Jehoshaphat wasn't here, I wouldn't even be talking to you." He got all worked up. A vindicated prophet got all worked up. And what he say, "Hey, bring me a minstal. I need to calm down a little bit. There ain't way I'm going to be able to seek God. There ain't no way I'm going to be able to get anything from a preacher. There ain't no way I got my mind right. I got my mind on everything else. So, let's just sing a few psalms. Let's start getting into an atmosphere. Let's start getting our hearts. Let's start looking for what God's going to do. I don't know about you. Do you want that in camp? I'm already I feel some push back. Some people don't want it. They didn't come here for that. Hey, you know, it's amazing. It's It's amazing how those things just pop off. You can't hide it. Oh, it's awesome. I tell you what, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's the discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. You can be sitting there and as the word is going forth, oh, it's discerning. And believe it or not, it can show all over you and you not even think it. You think you're hiding it, but oh, there's a spiritual realm taking place. Oh, yeah. There's demons trying to distract you and seow seeds into your mind. Oh, but I wonder if you'll just wake up for a minute and realize that you're in a spiritual warfare and say, "I don't want to pay attention to those negative thoughts coming into my mind." And start to realize that the devil's trying to keep you from missing something. [Applause] We want to do our part. And just as we were speaking about this, you know, uh uh Jehooram was was the son of Ahab. And when when Ahab, you know, the wicked Ahab and Jezebel when he had died, he uh Ahab had uh Moab under his rule and and they were paying taxes and and Ahab died and his son Jerome, he he took over and Moab rebelled and and they didn't, you know, they didn't want to pay taxes anymore. And brother Random talks about how he he wasn't as bad as his as his daddy because he put away some from some of the idols and stuff, but he he didn't go all the way with God. He was just a a borderline believer. Prophet of God would say it like this in that sermon, making the valley full of ditches. He So then we find out that when Jerome had ascended to the throne, he was a borderline believer, just a halfway lukewarm believer. So many of them in the world tonight, Jerome would just set his sail and anyway the wind was blowing, that's the way Jerome would go. I say we still got the same problem tonight. Lukewarm believers, come on. Just go with the flow. If their friends do something, they just do it, too. Come on. It's a plague in our young people. Some young person got Tik Tok going on their phone and some of us ain't even got a backbone to say, you know what, I don't believe in watching that. We kind of just we're just kind of borderline believers. If if they're listening to contemporary Christian, we just go with the flow. If it kind of blends into more worldly music, we just go with the flow. If they're watching this video and that video, oh, we just go with the flow. If we go over and stay at our friend's house and we thought they had a standard like we had back in our own home and they got some TV or some instrument in their room and they're able to watch Netflix or some movie or they're getting on their phone and you just kind of well, you know, I don't want to say anything. I'm just going to go with the flow. You better watch out. You might be a borderline believer. Hey, we I'm I'm preaching to you. I know where you're living at. But God's calling you to be more than a borderline believer. He wants you to stand up and have a backbone and tell your sister, tell your brother, say, "Hey buddy, you know, I I understand that would be fine and that would be fun and that, you know, it seemed like that'd be a good old time, but I just, you know, there's something in my heart. I don't feel that's all right. Would it be okay if we did something else? Come on. I know where you're living at. And we've been plagued by cell phones and devices and Tik Toks and videos. And you wonder why we don't have the power of God and the spirit of God moving in our lives and moving through our worship and the songs we see. It's because we become a borderline believer. Oh, I say it behooves us to repent. Let's get back to a good oldfashioned Holy Ghost message gospel where the Holy Ghost is in our home. The Holy Ghost is in our room. The Holy Ghost is in our car. The Holy Ghost is governing our phone. Oh, I want to go all the way with God. I don't want to be a borderline believer. Amen. You know that brother Random tells a story about that one kid. His mama was sending him up to camp and you know he uh he told his mama told him son when they find out you're a Christian you know they're going to really give you a hard time. He's like okay all right well you know. So his mama took him up there and and he was up there maybe for four or five days and you know that uh mama was praying for a little boy and she come back and picked him up and said, "How did camp go?" And he goes, "Oh, mama. Camp went great." Really? Camp went great. Like yeah, yeah. Well, well, well, what what happened? He goes, "Oh, Obama, they never found out I was a Christian." Yeah. What about you? What about your schoolmates, your classmates, your your co-workers? You're the only God that they might ever see. You might you might be the only represent representative of eternal life that they might not ever see. And I wonder if on that day some of them would say, "Why didn't you just tell me? Why didn't you tell me?" No, they might not be elect, but I tell you, we have some goods that can set people free. I I don't know what'll happen at white throne judgment, but I say this message has power. The Bible has power. We have a word that has power. And I say we have an opportunity or I should say a responsibility to let the people we know about the message. Wouldn't that be a shame? go to a school with so many people and you sat next to somebody or a co-orker and they they work you worked beside them for 10 years and you asked them said, "Hey, what does so and so believe?" Like, "I don't know. What do you mean you don't know?" "Well, I don't know. I know they they kind of dress different and talk a little bit different, but I think they're Christians." Oh my. I say, "God, help me. I don't want to be a borderline believer, Lord. I want to be be able to proclaim this message in boldness." What happened to the disciples uh when they got gathered in that upper room? Are you hearing me? Okay. Yeah. What happened to them? The Holy Spirit came and and they were what? Hh tired uh weary and scared and quivering and didn't want to tell nobody about the message. Didn't want to tell them that Jesus Christ had had raised from the grave because oh my, if they killed him, they'll kill him. What are we going to do? Right? But then when the Holy Ghost come, they come jumping out the windows, pounding out the doors and they started to proclaim the message of the hour and it caught a lot of people's attention and they wanted to see what all the commotion was about. I wonder if Christ is making a commotion in your life. So much so that your neighbors want to know, your friends want to know, your family want to know, you when you come back, your church members, they'll look and say, "I know something happened to ever. But we got the same problem tonight. Lukewarm believers, borderline believers. I say what we need is a real born again filled with the Holy Ghost experience where God could give us a backbone to stand up to some of this nonsense. Hey, I what God did for me, he didn't change. What God did for brother Ron, he didn't change. just not a different experience that it was in the 60s that it is. It's the same God. It's the same Holy Ghost. It's the same word. And he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Some of us just know enough about the message to dress right or pass an intellectual word test. What is the son of man? What is the seventh seal? and intellectually we can we can we can we can fit right in. But when it comes to a life when it comes to living an overcoming life and I ain't talking about up here on the mountaintop, what about when you get down in the valley? When you get all alone and you're in your private time and you're in your car and you're all alone in your room, what kind of fruits are you displaying there? Yes. Are you living an overcoming life there? I say, "God, I I just don't want to to have an intellectual conception of the message. I I I I understand. I I hear a lot of things, Lord, but but I hear something that's laying in the word that brings realities. Come on, help me preach. We might be here a long time." Amen. I might just slow way down. I got a few pages of notes. I can just slow it down a little bit. just say we need a real because I preach a little bit but my dad he preaches you know real slow and I preach really fast and some pe some gifts are different than others and so uh that's wonderful. Well, God has a beautiful bouquet of gifts and and so when I say me slowing it down is it'll take me a lot longer to get through my material so I can start talking slower, but I do want you to understand and get it that there is a real born again filled with the Holy Ghost experience that will change your thoughts, change your desires, change the way you look at things, change your ambitions, change the way that you do things. So, just moving here, if we can just continue on in our story here in Kings. Is everybody feeling okay? Is everybody tired? Well, praise the Lord. That's good cuz I know a lot of y'all are tired. It's first night you drove ways to get up here. Come on. Is that It's okay. Y'all tired. Say some of you tired. Well, see, we got a mixed audience of tiredness and some are ready and that's okay. But you know what? If you're tired, the prophet said if you hit something, just throw that thing out. Let's keep going. So, good. Everybody's feeling good. I like this. I like this. So, here we go. We're We're in our story here in Kings and Moab was paying the taxes under Israel rule, but now his son Jerome is on the throne. And Moab's rebelling and and Jerome is asking the king of Judah for help to go up in war against uh Moab and bring them back under their subjection. And the prophet would say this uh as we continue on in this message, he says, "And the first thing you know there was Moab rebelled against Israel. So then he called for help. Now the king of Judah was Jehoshaphat and Jehoshaphat was a righteous man. Now, I want you to notice how easy it is sometime on a little persuasion for a Christian to get in the wrong company trying to pity. Well, I tell you, I will just go down to the pool room or or I I won't play any pool, but I'll go down there. I I won't go to the dance with Susie. Well, I want to tell you, you know, uh nowadays, we live in a day of technology. So, it might not be so much of you going down to the pool room. It might not be so much of you going onto the wrong grounds physically, but I tell you, where are you going digitally? Oh, don't go there, Brother Matthew. That's my little safe place that nobody knows about. Don't start talking about websites and and social medias and and news platforms and and chats and talks and and things that I don't and my video game. Oh, don't hit that. I'm about to get some brothers really nervous. our video games and and first player killing people games and and all of these kind of things. Where do you think that stuff takes you? Away from God. Look, I've been there. I've been a young Christian. I've had to battle those things and and I've entertained those things. And I never got up one time from playing a a a video game and said, "Man, I feel like a better Christian. Woo. I'm just I'm just ready to go." You know that thing eats at you like a canker, causing you not to redeem the time. We get on the wrong ground. He says because she's a good girl and maybe maybe I'll win her to the Lord. You'll never do it doing it that. That's right. Show your colors. That's right. Don't get on them wrong ground. That's what the matter with the Pentecostal church tonight. They've got on the wrong ground. I say that's a the problem with a lot of us message believers tonight. We've got on the wrong ground. Well, I'm just saying what a prophet said. You know, it's okay to amen him, right? Look, I tell you one thing about brother Matthew. I don't I don't got a thought coming. You know how I know that? Does anybody know how I know that? Nobody knows how I don't have a thought? Because a prophet told me I don't have a thought coming. Brother Brandham said, "You don't have a thought coming." That's why I know I don't have a thought coming. It's because a vindicated prophet told me that. So then I'm not interested in what Matthew McGary thinks. I'm interested in what the message says. I'm interested in what the word of God says. So you can just relax. Brother Matthew is not going to preh preach some weird something that you've never heard. I know who your pastor is, and your pastor believes this message with all of his heart. Well, I thought I thought we'd get an amen out of that at least. You know, I might be a southerner or something. Just help me out a little bit. Let let me know you're still out there. You know, it's okay to say amen. It's okay to get excited because we were talking about getting in the spirit. And if we're going to get in the spirit of revival, the prophet is telling us we got to get in the spirit of revival. So, it's okay just to let off the heavy bands and and start to have a little feel good. You know, you got Hey, we're living for Jesus. There there's nothing greater than to live for Jesus. Well, we're going in a rapture. We're going in a body change. I tell you, I that's more more way more exciting than than the NBA finals. It's way more exciting than who won the NBA draft or or who's hockey. This is that and and what your favorite sports program. That's all going to perish. It's all going to die. It's all going to burn up. And then who you going to be rooting for? Come on. But we we got a message. We we we got Christ living in our midst. I say let don't let them come here with dirty feet. Wash them. Entertain them. Say amen to the word. And if you don't want to be here, just act like you want to be here. It'll make me feel a little better. He says that's what's the matter with the Pentecostal church. They've got on the wrong grounds. That's the reason that the churches tonight, it used it be wrong for people to do certain things. Oh, we could stay here a while now. It's not wrong. They do it anyhow. You go on the wrong grounds with the wrong crowd. Yeah. It used to be wrong for us to listen to contemporary Christian. It used to be wrong for us to listen to some of this rock and roll stuff that they've just mixed in Christian lyrics. That doesn't make it not rock and roll. It's rock and roll. It used to be wrong for for a believing sister to wear a tight shirt and to wear a short dress and to wear a slit that's so high. Oh, I I tell you, it used to be wrong. And I want to tell you in the name of the Lord, it's still wrong. It used to be wrong for a boy not to talk to a girl without her daddy knowing it. And some of you brothers, maybe you ain't been taught right. Or maybe you ain't got a backbone enough to go let her daddy know that you want to talk to her. Oh, we're just friends, you little slicker. Yeah, I know what I'm talking about. We have a standard. Hey, we have a standard. We have things in place because I don't trust the flesh. We're just friends. Yeah. Where do you think it starts? Hello. you start talking to him without any any barriers or any standard or letting a brother or somebody who knows something about it like, "Hey, I'm talking to so and so because if oh, if we're just friends, that's how it starts anyways." So, when you finally fall in love or you're emotionally attached and you're way down the road [Music] and you're like, "Man, maybe it'll be a good idea to let my dad know. Will you marry me? Come on. Look, I I know I sat under Brother Ron's ministry for 5 years. I've been in meetings. I I was a young person uh here many years ago. I I know what he teaches and and I know it ain't changed. But you know what's changed? Not the word of God. What's changed is maybe some of us don't want to believe it. Some of us don't want to receive it because some of us got some digging to do. We got to start digging into some of these ideas and some of these nonsense and some of these things that we're entertaining and realize these things are going to hinder us from going in a rapture. Hey, I'm just preaching the message tonight because I want to go in a rapture. I want to go in a body change. I want to get out of here. I want to get the last one. Oh, God. Just think if the last one was sitting here tonight. Hey, it could be. [Applause] Sir, my Bible tells me that Paul said in 1 Thessalonians 4:4 that every one of us should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor. He said God has not called us to uncleanliness but undo holiness. This word of God, this message of the hour produces holiness into individuals lives. And you know them by their fruit. You know them by the way they dress, but hey, I know it's not a closline religion, but you got to start somewhere. Because after maybe uh you get all cleaned up, what does it come down to? Character. So you can look the part, you can dress the part, but then when it goes beyond all of the stuff outside, what is really down there on the inside? It's character. And it's the pressures and it's the trials of life that bring out the character that's laying in there. And if you got no character, watch. Just let the first thing come and you'll find out real quick whether a person's born again and filled with the Holy Ghost or not, cuz they'll resort right back to that old nature. That's right. Prophet Allah goes on. He says, "Show me your company and I'll tell you who you are." Let me just say it like this. Show me your Show me your history. Show me your time stamp. See, because sometimes we allow these things to go right over us like it doesn't apply to us because we're living in an age where maybe certain things aren't said in the way they are. But I tell you, the message did not miss one thing. Do do you realize that when you are on the internet and you are on social media platforms, you are entertaining company? Can you imagine? Some of us will like and follow somebody who is downright possessed with demons dressing like a prostitute. I don't care if you went to high school with them. I don't care if you were Why are you following that nonsense? Hey, I'm sorry if I got here right away, but but I I believe in an oldfashioned Holy Ghost God living possess your vessel of sanctification and honor. And just because you ain't got to be going out to to to pull rooms and bars to do it, you can do it right here on your cell phone. And I tell you, in the name of the Lord, the Holy Ghost is coming to tell you tonight that's wrong. You've got it off on the wrong grounds. You've got enough on the wrong company. Hey, I'm not mad at you. I love you. I just want you to get to work. I want you to start digging cuz some of you really want the Holy Ghost. Some of you really want to live her overcoming life and you're tired of going to church and feeling better and then falling over and over and over again. I say, "Oh God, may we dig out all the unbelief. May we dig out all of our own ideas. May we just get it all out of the way that the Holy Ghost can come to each one of you in such a personal way that you'll be changed. Oh, glory to God. I know what I'm talking about. We've gotten on the wrong grounds. Show me your company and I'll tell you who you are. Let me walk into your house. Let me see what's laying open on the table. Remember, make it digital. You following me now? Y'all following me? Let me get a show of hands. Y'all following me? No, no, no. Not everybody yet. Are y'all following me? Because we live in a digital age. But just because we live in a digital age doesn't mean the prophet didn't preach on it. All right. Wonderful. Show me what's laying on open on your table. Show me the apps you got downloaded on your phone. Are you kidding me? We still We still got You think Netflix Are you You kidding me? You know what? I I don't know. Hey, we're just going to go We're just going to roll with it. Yeah. I I find it profound that some people will actually uh uh Well, it's it's PG. I mean, it's P it's not PG-13. I can watch PG. So, you're going to let Satan rate a movie and make it okay? God does not have a movie rating corridor of angels up in heaven raiding worldly movies so the bride of Christ can watch it. Hello. Hello. And we so easily justify things. Oh, but it's an animation. Why are we over here? I don't know. It's an animation from the pits of hell with rock and roll all laced up in it and you think it's okay. I tell you what, I don't know about that. But I tell you what, if those old-fashioned Pentecostal uh filled Holy Ghost disciples when they busted out on the upper room, I don't think there was one time you'd have found Peter or Paul sitting around on some digital device watching the Moana, whatever it is. Hey, I've seen some crazy I'm like, are you for real? I've watched some crazy song specials want to be sing and I'm like, are you for real? Why don't you just look where the thing came from? Look at the album cover. You'll realize, oh god, I don't want nothing to do with that. Hey, I know that ain't popular and I know I know we sing some songs and I like them and and I like it when a song's redeemed and we make it and we make it our ours, but I say we want to be careful. [Applause] And I'll just say it and you understand why I preach it like I do. It's cuz one time there there was a a choir song that was going to be sung and and it it was written by a a denominational uh contemporary group out there and and you know sometimes they they have good words and good inspiration on a song I really didn't care for. But I guess it didn't matter if Matthew cared for it or not. God sure did. He come down and pour out his spirit. I'm like, "Okay, well, hey." But I'll never forget this young person's response to and I thought, "Dear Lord, we just introduced. I really wouldn't want them listening. You think it's going to stop with G-rated and PGance? Look, I've been there. I got I ain't Mr. Holy up here. I've I've had to learn. I I've had to be uh those I love I rebuke and chasen. I've had the Holy Ghost have to tell me, "Son, you ain't got no business doing that. I found myself doing things a son of God shouldn't do." But you know what a son of God with the Holy Ghost does? He stands correction. [Applause] I ain't trying to tell you Matthew Mc Gary got it figured out. But I know I got the Holy Ghost. And when I have a question, when I need an answer, when I fall, when I make a mistake, he's there to pick me up. He's there to convict me. He's there to convince me. He's there to show me. And that's what I want for each one of you. But we got so many things haunting us in our lives. We've let so much of the Tommy rod of this world come in that we're satisfied with a good camp meeting. We're satisfied with a good Wednesday night service and we go back to all that nonsense. Hey, get to digging. Get to digging, young people. If there's anything the Lord wants to tell you tonight, get to digging. Let's dig it all out. Dig out all the unbelief, all those things that we've been letting the devil rob us of our time. Dig it out. Dig or die. Dig or die. Dig or parish. If you want to miss the tribulation, get to [Applause] digging. Oh, thank you, Jesus. David said in Psalms 19, "With my whole heart have I sought thee, oh sought thee, oh let me not wander from thy commandments. Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee. Blessed art thou, oh Lord, teach me thy statutes. Oh, I just want to let you know this is nothing. I I've sat under God called men, God called pastors. I've sat under brother David McGary. I've sat under brother Ron Peterson. I've sat under Holy Ghost five-fold preaching who all are under the seventh angel messenger, the message of the hour. And they're just saying what he said. Teach me thy statutes, Lord. When you say, "Don't hold the wrong company." When you say these things, "Teach me thy ways." Yes, Lord. Or will you let the Lord teach you? Will you let the Lord show you? But you know, some people they don't want to be taught nothing. And and and some people they just already know everything, so you can't teach them anything. But I want to say like David, teach me thy statutes. Teach me how to dress, Lord. Teach me how to possess my vessel in sanctification and honor. Lord, teach me how to possess my vessel, Lord. When these modern strip teasers walk down the road, Lord, I want to know how to overcome. I'm I'm tired of falling to the same snare over and over. We need the Holy Ghost. And then when you get the Holy Ghost, you know what you need to do? You need the Holy Ghost. We'll get there by the God God's grace as we go through these meetings. You think you're going to come up to camp and shout on the mountain top and I got the victory and go down and think it's going to be easy down in the valley. No, the prophet of God up there, you're fruit of freeze. But you got to go down in the valley and prove what you got whether you got it or not. And then if you get down there, look, we are not a defeated per people. If you get down there, make a mistake, just repent, get back up, say, "God, I know you'll let me take the test again. Give me the strength, oh God. If I was lacking the Holy Ghost, Lord, give me more of the Holy Ghost. If I'm lacking revelation, Lord, give me more revelation, Lord. But I don't want the things of the world. I want more of God." Oh, praise God. And if you want more of God, there's more of God for you. Those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, they shall be filled. Oh, aren't you glad you serve a God like that? Teach me thy ways, Lord. Show me your ways. Oh Lord, we need to look for a close soon. But back to our story. Y'all remember what our story is? Jehoshaphat, king of Judah, got mixing with their own company with Jerome, a borderline believer. The prophet of God says, "Is this all right?" He says, "Notice here, he was joining himself up associating with unbelievers." So they fixed them a a compass for seven days and got into the desert on out to fight the king of Moab. And when they got out there, they found out that they ran out of water. Their water supply was cut off. And the things go wrong when the water's cut off. Do you know what I'm talking about? Without the the the public utility. If you don't pay the bill, they cut off your water. I could stay there a little. You don't read, you don't pray. Come on. If you don't pay the bill, they cut off the water. You'll dry up around the a house. And that's the matter with God's people tonight. They just didn't pay the price. And God cut their water off. That's right. Oh boy, help us, Lord. He goes on to say, that's the reason some of the churches don't believe in divine healing is because their water's been cut off. And I wonder if that's why some of us are so so uh dry and so prickly and can't say anything good about anybody else cuz we ain't got no water. We ain't got no Holy Ghost. I say what we need is to be washed by the water of the word. Isaiah 43:43 says, "For I will pour up water upon him that's thirsty and floods upon the dry ground. I will pour my spirit upon thy seed and my blessing upon thine offspring." Jesus said, "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." I want to tell you I uh friends that there is water in the rock tonight. There's water in this message. There is a real Holy Ghost. There is a real baptism that can change you. There's a real message that can feed your hungry soul. I want to tell you, there's water in the rock tonight. You don't have to live with the water cut off. You don't have to live with stories of the 60s. You don't have to live with just stories of the 50s. You don't have to live with just stories of your pastor. You don't have to live with just stories of brother Brandham. God wants to write his own story. For ye are written epistles, read of all men. He wants to baptize you and fill you with the Holy Ghost and get you out there into the streets witnessing and testifying about the glory of God. Hallelujah. There's water in the rock. [Applause] If you're hungering and thirsting, he'll fill you. Prophet of God said when Israel wanted something to eat, God fed them. They wanted water. There was water in the rock. He said when they got thirsty, they found water in the rock. He supplied everything they had need of. I want to tell you, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's Jehovah Gyra. Did anybody come here with a need? Anybody come here believing for something? He's Jehovah Gyra. God will provide. I like this quote just to throw this out there because sometimes maybe we have an expectation on how it's going to happen. How how is h how how is it going to happen? How am I going to be born again and filled with the Holy Ghost? How am I going to be healed? How are these questions going to be answered in my life? How are these things that I messed up? How is God going to make it right? Prophet of God said, "When God says anything, how's it going to happen?" Brother Brandham. Oh, I really want to know this. Y'all want to know? I don't know. It's none of my business to know. God will provide it. God will provide for himself. Amen. He's Jehovah Gyra. God will provide for himself. Now, look at here, brother Brandon. The doctor said that I got cancer and he told me that I was going to die. I got 30 days yet to live. He said I was going to die. Now, how in the world is something I can't see, touch, feel, smell, taste, or anything else. How in the world is something like that going to take this cancer out of me? Now, for a moment, I want you to start thinking about yourself. You've been believing for things. You have family situations. You got things that you've been praying for, and you're trying to wonder how it's going to happen. How is this going to happen? Yeah. Uh uh he he says, "How is he going to take this cancer out of me? What is going to come down?" Listen to this now. What going to come down here and literally move that cancer? Now, I I don't know about you, but I am believing for the supernatural to take place during these meetings. I'm believeing when brother Steven's ministering, when y'all are singing, when we're singing the songs of Zions, when you when you're in the service praying before it starts, when you're in here praying after the service starts, I'm believing for the supernatural to happen. I'm believing for something to move down. I'm believing for new births and changes and healings. Oh, I'm believing for the supernatural. I'm believing for supernatural manifestations. I I believe in the power of the Holy Ghost. I I believe in rushing mighty winds. I believe in a a Pentecostal experience. I ain't talking about Isuza Street. I'm talking about an upper room like a sound of a rushing mighty wind. Oh, he's Jehovah Gyra. He'll do it. If he did it then, he'll do it tonight. He'll do it tomorrow morning. He'll come and sweep through the room and meet your need. What's going to come down here and literally move that cancer second time? I don't know. But God promised it and God can provide something to do it. Hallelujah. God will provide. He's Jehovah Gyra. He's just as much Jehovah Gyra right now as he was then. He's still Jehovah Gyra. The Lord will provide for himself a way to make his word come to pass. I say you might as well just start praising God because it ain't up to us to manufacture something. It's up to us to believe. Lord, I believe your word. You said by your stripes, I am healed. You said if I repent of my sins and I'm baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you will give me the Holy Ghost. How's he going to do it? Well, maybe it's none of my business to know, but I'm believing for him to do it. My I'm still going through our story and we're out of time. So now here Jerome, king of Israel, Jehoshaphat, king of Judah, and uh we could talk a little bit about a king of Edom, which boy, that's an interesting study right there that the were uh the descendants of uh Esau. And Edom in Hebrew means red. And here we go. I wasn't going to go this way, but really interesting to know these things. So they're on their 7-day journey. They run out of water in the desert. If we haven't established that, uh, that's a bad place to run out of water. If you're going to run out of water, do it like Minnesota in the summer or somewhere where there's a lot of water. But don't run, man. You see people blowing up on the side of the highway all the time. Like, yep, you ran out of water. You can't go up and down 17 all the time without water in your radiator. Going to pop. I mean, how many times have y'all seen a a car on the side of the road in ashes? Needed water. How many Christians you see burnt up on the side of the road? Needed water. Come on. How many people when hard trials came and problems come in the church and their feelings get hurt? Well, Brother Ron, he was preaching on me. I'm out of here. This is a message of love. Yeah, it's a message of correction, too. [Applause] Some of us just don't want to work. We don't want to dig. When the Holy Ghost says, "Dig," you say, "I didn't come here to dig. I came here to be blessed. I am out of water in the middle of the desert. God, bless me, oh Lord, what is your word for me? I'm in the middle of the desert. I am out of water and I'm gonna die. Get to work. Here's a shovel, son. Get to digging. Dig or die. Yeah. You want the blessing? Well, glory to God. Here they are out in the desert, run out of water, getting all prickly and complaining. You know, that's where Jerome, he was that old borderline believer. Oh, he's brought us out here to die. And that's the borderline believer. I don't know about you, but I'll just maybe I'll throw this in there. If you get into a trial and things are getting rough, start looking for the blessing. Lord, I know you're going to do something. But the borderline believer starts panicking and oh, we shouldn't be out there. And that's when Jehoshaphat said, you know, isn't there a prophet in the land? Isn't there somebody that we can inquire about? And that's what happened. And and I'll just skip the the text because like I said, we're out of time. But Jehoshaphat, he says, "Let's get a prophet down here." He said, "Let's inquire of the Lord. Let's see if the prophet can help us out." While everybody else was fussing and carrying on, come on. why everybody else out there in the world is I is wondering uh about the economy and and everybody's worried about this church and that church and and this family situation and they're just all just uh so uh so uncomfortable with everything's going out and did God bring us out here? What's going on? And here Jehoshap don't we got a message? Don't we got a vindicated prophet that we can inquire, that we can listen to the message, that we can have spiritual food in due season, that God will speak to our heart and he'll tell us what we need to [Applause] do. I don't know about you, but does anybody listen to the message of the hour? But do we do it to fulfill a religious obligation? By God's grace, I I I try to listen to the message of the hour every day. And you come to find out some people just listen to the message hardly ever, once or twice a week. So, we're going to move quickly. Y'all going to help me move quickly? So, they went down there and they drove up in front of Elisha's and oh, he might have been reading the scriptures perhaps. And when they all drove up in front, the king said he come out and they said, "What shall we do?" When Elisha got his righteous indignation all stirred up, he was all boiled over once in a while. You know, he looked at old Jerome and standing there and he said, "Why don't you just go to to the prophets of your daddy and your mother? Why'd you come to me? You he wasn't very peaceful, was he? Why don't you just go back to your pagan gods? Why did you come down to me, a prophet, a servant of the Lord, a mighty man, a double portion of the spirit on him? Why don't you just go to your mama's gods and your father's gods?" And listen to what he said. If it wasn't for the respect of the presence of Jehoshaphat, I wouldn't even look at you when you I I wouldn't even talk about you. You got me so stirred up. So he goes on to talk about how it was the presence of a a a genuine Christian. Look, you want to know the only reason why America hadn't been blown up yet? It's because of you. Hey, once again, that's not my words. No, that's what the prophet said. He said, "The only reason why America is still hanging on, hadn't been blown to pieces, is because the presence of a real, genuine Christian." That was in 1956. Where are we at now? This thing is rotten to the core. So, he's all stirred up and the prophet goes on to say, "I just want to move through this quickly. You forgive me. I usually don't do a whole lot of reading, but when you're reading quotes, you can't go wrong." So, hallelujah. He says, "And they went on and they got all the music and they got to playing the music some real good hymn. And the first thing you know when the songs returned to Zion and when the music and the children began to sing from their heart, something take place, the spirit of the Lord come on the prophet." And if a real old-fashioned godly singing and repenting would bring the spirit of God on the prophet, then it'll do the same thing today. And notice he wanted to see the way out. And the only way out they could do would be to have a revival. Well, friends, I come here to tell you to start this meetings off. I want to have a revival. And how the Lord has dealt with my heart, if we're going to have a good oldfashioned revival, if we're going to have some questions answered, if we're going to have some of these real needs, we got young people who are in bondage to worldly things. But I believe we can have a real Holy Ghost revival this camp. Amen. I mean, really get delivered and not be delivered to go get bound again, right? Because it happens all the time. Get delivered. Hey, we can lay hands on the sick, they recover. We can cast out evil spirits by the power of God. We've been commissioned to do it. But when that thing shows back up, there needs to be the good man of the house there. We want the Holy Ghost to be there. Say, "It's different this time, devil." So, he had some repented sinners that come in and the music played and the prophet saw a vision. And the only way you're ever going to see your way out is an oldfashioned spiritual revival where the hallelujah of God is ringing from the bottom of your heart and an old-fashioned Holy Ghost revival hits the place. Then you begin to see things. Then God will begin to reveal things. Then you'll wonder why these real Christians are hanging on. Why they're praying for you. What a revival. And he got in the spirit. Oh, I'm just going to have to call for the musicians uh in two minutes. Why don't the musicians come and then I'll preach for a while while you're up here and then you'll start playing songs and we'll preach a little longer, but at least everybody will think we're we're quitting. Look, look friends. I know you've heard this this before, but the world has their delights. The world has their ball games. They have their dances. And the prophet preaches a whole sermon called getting in the spirit. And we're not trying to be worldly. We're not trying to mimic Pentecostalism. I tell you what we should do. If anything, you ought to understand they're the ones that are mimicking the real believer. They're the scarecrow. But some of us ain't got no joy. We ain't got no peace. We ain't got no dance. We ain't got no shout. We ain't got no victory. Now God's made us all up different. You can sit right there and not break a break break anything. But I tell you, if in your soul you're dancing and shouting and you're you're happy, well, praise God. That's all I want to know. And you got the goods to go back down to the valley and make it through the test. Praise God. If you're not always threatening and complaining, "Oh my, I'm just having such a hard time." But somebody asks you about it, "What's the hope?" You say, "Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He filled me with the Holy Ghost 5 years ago, and I've never been the same." I tell you what, I'd rather have that kind of testimony than somebody running around the building and can't even stay off the website for one week. Ooh. Ah, didn't like that. But we do have something to do. We do have something to get excited about. And the prophet is telling us we got to get in the spirit of revival. We got to get in the spirit of these camp meetings. He says we can never have a revival in Shreveport or anywhere else until the church gets in the spirit of revival. God can come and perform miracles. He can show wonders. He can stretch forth his hand to heal the sick and the afflicted. The preacher can preach the gospel as hard as he can. But there will never be a revival until the church gets in the spirit of revival. Brother Ron, do we do we want a revival this weekend? Amen. I want to read this again from a vindicated prophet. Your pastor wants a revival. I want a revival. Is there anybody else here that wants a revival? He says, "There'll never be a revival until the church gets in the spirit of revival." The musicians would come. We have something to shout about. Yes. But there'll never be a revival until we get in the spirit of revival. So much we could say, but we're out of time. Prophet of God said, "Instead of reading the Bible, we're reading love stories. They're reading that and they're they're reading everything else. Come on. Let them talk to you. Let him do with your heart. Now, think about where you're at, where you're spending your time. We ought to be reading God's Bible and on our knees constantly praying for God to help us, awakening in our souls are crying out to the Lord, but we don't notice. And then when he said he had been he'd seen a way out now he said the first thing I want you to do is go out here and make this valley full of ditches. Dig just as hard as you can dig for thus sayaeth the Lord. You'll not see any wind or there'll be any rain but this valley will be full of water. The more ditches the more water. You didn't know you came to camp to work. But if you want a blessing, if you want to whip the devil, if you want the victory, get to digging. He said, "What did he see?" We're just continuing on in this message. He saw a vision of that spiritual [Music] rock that Moses had already spitten and been speaking to. He had just spoke to that rock and it was ready to pour forth the water when the ditches was made for it to run in. Are you hearing me? God gave the prophet the answer. And the answer was, "Young people, you want a blessing? The smitten rock is here. Christ is here tonight. But we got some digging to do. Get to digging. And I say that same spitting rock tonight is here. And it'll pour forth an oldfashioned Holy Ghost revival that'll tear Strethart apart if you people will go to digging, moving all the difficults out. If you dig up against one thing, a beer can in the ice box, throw it out. Make way for the Holy Ghost. Every time you hit against a snag, throw the thing out. The deeper you dig, young people, the more water you'll get. So, what you have to have is to make way for [Music] it. Y'all ready to make way for the Holy Ghost? You ready to start digging into your heart? Say, "Lord, there's areas in my heart. There's there's hurts. There's disappointments. There's church situations. There's things I don't understand. My parents ain't holding a standard like I think they should. And all these things are in there. I just need you to start digging. Just throw it out. Go ahead. I don't know how he's going to do it. I don't know how the revival is going to break. I I don't know how the Holy Ghost will manifest himself outwardly on you. I I don't know. I just know he said he would do it. Somebody here, you're sick. God's your healer. I don't know how he's going to take that thing out of you, but I can stand here as a living testimony. When I had a tumor in my body, God come and took it out. Took that life right out of that cancer. I don't know how he's going to do it. Young people, one thing I know is we need a real genuine experience. Aren't you tired of makeelieving? Aren't you tired of trying to make the message some academic accomplishment? Am I talking to somebody? [Music] But what we need is a real experience of a water from the rocks. But Lord, you're telling me I got to make room for it. So I'm just going to start I'm going to start unpacking my heart and my disappointments. Maybe as we're finishing out these quotes and we're finishing the sermon, why don't you just start doing that, young people? Is there something in your heart you want to just go ahead and get out of the way? That means disappointments. That means sins. Come on. Maybe you're in bondage to something. Look, there's a real lust devil out there in this age. There there there's brothers and there's sisters that are in bondage to pornography. and now they're battling depression and suicide because they feel unworthy. Dig that thing out. I rebuke that devil. You ain't got to live under that bondage. You ain't got to live in fear. You ain't got to uh feel like you're you're you're worthless. That's the devil talking. Dig it out. Dig that thing out. I I don't know. I just I think of all them out there in that desert. You know, some people could dig a bigger ditch a lot faster than other people. Yeah. And boy, is that ever the truth. But you know what little you can dig? It's more Holy Ghost. It's more water. Maybe you say, "I'm too feeble." I'll help you tonight. I'll pray for you. I'll dig with you. I might not be able to relate. You know, some of you have lost loved ones that it's tearing you to pieces. I I can't relate. But I know a God. He can be a comforter to the widow and the widowerower. And he can be a father to the fatherless, a mother to the motherless. Why don't you make way for him tonight, young people? No matter how much preaching there is, how many visions there are, the subject was then and the main principle was make ready for water. Get the ditches dug. That's what we got to do tonight is make way for the Holy Ghost to pour down. Make way in your house. Make way in your church. Make way in yourself. Kick everything out of the way. Get ready. Get ready. There's coming a gusher. Hey, that's not the words of a man. That's the words of a vindicate. Do you believe it? I say, church, make ready. [Music] Get it all out of the way. Come on. Help me, young people. Some of you are really [Music] hurting. You got a broken home and you don't know why, but you believe this message and you're wondering when when it's all going to get fixed up. Some of you have have made some really bad mistakes and you just want to give up. Just lay it out on the altar. I'm thinking it out, God. And what did he say? We're going to have a revival this [Music] weekend. Get ready. I like that. Don't get disappointed. Don't get scared. Some of you nervous right now cuz the Holy Ghost is dealing with hearts right now. Why don't you tell that old nervous spirit to get out of here? Oh yeah. Yeah. Now, the Holy Ghost is walking right up and down these aisles right now dealing with hearts and some of you get nervous because you might not be ready. I say, "You better get digging." If our song leader would come, just start, we'll start singing a song. I I don't want to let go of this too too fast. Get the ditches dug. Young people, are you hearing me tonight? Get to digging. Brothers, get to digging. Sisters, get to digging. You want the Holy Ghost? You want a revival? Get the ditches dug and then get ready cuz we're about to have an awesome weekend. [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Applause] hallelujah. We're about to have us a good time. Hey, people are going to be delivered. People are going to be filled with the Holy Ghost. People are going to be healed. Hard questions are going to be answered. Why? Because I'm digging. I'm digging. I'm making room. I'm throwing out my bad habits. I'm throwing out my complexes. I'm getting it all out of the way. Oh Lord, I'm throwing out the bitterness. I'm throwing out the disappointments. Oh, I've been in bondage to this and I've been in bondage to that, but I'm throwing it all out. Lord, I'm making way. Go ahead, brother. Take me deeper. [Music] Why don't you worship him now? Deeper in love with you. [Music] Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper. Hallelujah. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in [Music] love. There is a [Music] long raing. [Music] You confess my soul is thirsty Lord to know you as I know from the river that flows before your throne. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me [Music] deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. Oh, I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be [Music] deeper. Sunrise. The sunrise. I seek your face drawn by the spirit to the promise of your [Applause] grace. My heart is found in you. A hope that will abide here in your presence forever [Applause] satisfy. Take me [Applause] to deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. And I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Verse one. Verse one. Oh, there is a longing that only you can feel. A raging tempest, only you can sing. My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I know. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Lord, I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Verse two. Sunrise to sunrise. I will seek your [Applause] face drawn by the spirit. Through the promise of your [Applause] grace. My heart is found in you. A hope that will abide. Here in your presence forever sisy. Take me deeper deeper in love with [Music] you. Jesus hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Take me deeper. Oh, take me deeper. [Music] deeper in love with you, Lord Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me [Music] deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Oh, I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in [Music] love. And I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are light. The truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your [Applause] name. In prisoners chain with bleeding stripes. [Applause] All in silence prayed that night and in their pain they began to sing. [Applause] Hey, I bless your [Music] name. I give you [Music] honor, Lord. I give you are the life, the true way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight out. If you should find, you're in a prison in your mind. Just reach out and praise. Defy the chains and they will fall in Jesus name. Oh say I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise, Lord. You are the way. Oh, [Applause] [Music] what? I give you I bless you. Listen to our hearts. Listen to our hearts. Oh, how do you explain? Oh, how do you describe? [Applause] Love that goes from east to west and runs as deep as it is wide. Lord, you know all our [Music] hopes and you know all our fears. And words cannot express the love we feel. But we long for you to [Applause] hear. So just listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. When these words could fall out. Oh from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand [Applause] years, Lord, I would still run out of time. Oh, but if you listen to my heart, amen. Oh, every beat will [Applause] say, Lord, thank you for the light. Oh, thank you for the truth. Thank you for listen. Oh, here are a song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. Lord, we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. Second verse. And if words could fall like [Music] rain. Oh, from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run out of time. But if you listen to my [Music] heart, every be will say, "Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way." So listen to our heart. Hear our spirit [Music] sing. A song of praise and blows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. The words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. Yes. We will use the words we know. to tell you what an awesome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you. Give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. If you'll do your part, keep digging. Keep digging. That's what you do. You keep digging because the more you dig and you get those things out that has been a hindrance to you, right? Then watch God fill those ditches. Amen. That was a good word tonight. Thank you, brother Matt. God bless you. My camp just begun. But we've done some work tonight. We've we've done some digging. But you see, once they they did the digging, then it was up to God. You do your part. Then watch him do his. You don't have to work it up. [Music] up. You just do what you need to do. Says, "If you make a move for me, I will make a move." You [Music] saints [Music] congregate would be snacks and drinks and they've asked me to pray over the food. We've had some spiritual food tonight. And we're when we dismiss you, we do not dismiss you from his presence, right? But from this building, take this that has been placed in your heart. You know what? You did some digging. I'm proud of you. you dig. He's God. He loves to do stuff for you. That's right. Amen. That is true. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, I thank you for the work that you have done. I should say the work that some of these have done. They were asked, "Would you dig? Would you dig?" Some of them have answered. Some have come forward. Some have started dug real deep. And some even didn't even have to come forward, but in their heart, they were digging. Father, I thank you for each one. I know, Lord, that you're going to fill the ditches. It's you, Father, and we thank you for that. Father, I pray for a sweet presence, Lord, as we even leave this building, but not you from your presence. And I pray may even the fellowship be around you and about about your word tonight. And I pray that you will bless the food, the snacks that are going to be given. I thank you and I praise you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Brother Greg, how about another song here? Do you love him tonight? Isn't he wonderful? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. and turn around, shake somebody's hand, say, "God bless you." Give them a blessing. Say, "You're blessed." And you're about to be even blessed even more. God bless you. How great are you, Lord? How great is your mercy? how have done for [Applause] me and it's your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you? How great is your love that reaches to the heaven is a heart that saw and resued. How great are you, [Music] [Music] Lord? How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord. [Music] It's filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, [Music] Lord? How great is your love? It reaches to the heavens. [Applause] How great is the heart that saw and rescued me. How great are you, [Applause] Lord. How great is your [Music] mercy. How great are the things that you have done for me. [Applause] How great are [Music] you loving [Applause] kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are [Applause] [Music] you? Just a quick announcement here. If you didn't get your wristband yet or haven't checked in, please s see sister Ari or sister Mariah Mariah directly after the service at the table just outside of the sanctuary. Amen. Let's just sing that one more time as you go tonight. Oh, how great are you, [Applause] Lord? How great is your [Applause] mercy? How you have done for [Applause] [Music] me. How great are you, [Music] Lord? Loving kindness is how great are you, Lord. Great is your heart that reaches to the heaven. How great is your heart that saw and rescued [Applause] [Music] me. How great are you, Lord. Amen. You're dismissed tonight. Just sing it as you go. Oh, how great are the things that you have done for [Applause] me. Oh, it's your loving [Applause] [Music] kindness I sing. How great are you? Amen. God bless [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] you. Heat up [Music] [Applause] here. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up here. [Music]
