################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - What House Will Thou Build Me Part 3 - Bro. Martin Mulumba - Martin Mulumba.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-27
Title:    What House Will Thou Build Me? Part 3 - Bro. Martin Mulumba
Speaker:  Martin Mulumba
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFrs6oVxXgg
========================================

Description:
2025-0326 Wednesday Evening Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's stand and I'd say that you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. From you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. All the saints and angels bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. Worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory tonight. There's a fountain open in the house of David to you. you would believe. There are streams of grace flowing down from hal now and receive once again there's turn away the house of David you who would There are streams of grace flowing down from Calary now. And if you have a need tonight, lift into him as we sing it one more time. There's a fountain open in the house of David you who would believe. There are springs of grace for you from Calary. Come now and be seen. Amen. So glad there's a fountain tonight that we can go to the source of life. We ask brother Israel if you'd come tonight. Brother Israel, take us to the Lord in prayer. Couple of praise reports and several prayer requests tonight. A note from sister Suzanne says, "I had to take brother Amos to the hospital Sunday night. He developed a terrible rash and after trying everything without success. They found out he had an allergic reaction to an antibiotic. They also confirmed a kidney stone and the Lord is faithful. He was able to pass it to the hospital and is feeling much better. So, praise the Lord from your brother Amos pray. Lord, just grant him a complete healing touch. Brother David turned in a praise report tonight. Says, "And this testimony be for the glory of God. Sundays where the Mario was preaching, all of the sudden I lost almost all of the vision out of my right eye. I could only see a small brick-sized opening toward the top of my field of vision. As I was thinking about it, I thought to myself, Satan, you have a lot of nerve coming into my father's house and trying to do this to me. You have no authority here. By his stripes, I am healed. And I claimed the promise of God. A few minutes into my my eyesight was restored to normal. Praise God. Amen. God is good. He says, "Of course, Satan is a trickster." And a little later, he tried to affect my left eye, only not as severe. I laughed within myself that he would try to pull something like this. I claimed the same promise. A few minutes later, my eyesight was restored to normal. Praise the Lord. God is good. We serve a faithful God tonight. Amen. We want to pray for Sister Karen M. She's at home with the flu tonight. Pray the Lord would touch her. Brother Warren, Brother James, and several of the saints will be going to Mexico for some meetings this weekend. So, we want to pray the Lord would go with them. Use Brother Warren in a special way and just have his hand of protection upon them. And Brother Ron asked that we remember Brother Kelly McMillan in Edmonton. Needs a touch from the Lord. Special unspoken prayer request. you have a need tonight. If you just want to lift before the Lord, we'll ask brother Israel to take us to the Lord in prayer. Amen. Let's all pray. Heavenly Father, we just want to say what an honor it is that we can come into your house this evening. Lord, as we step inside these doors, outside inside from the shut in from the world, Lord, what a safe haven this place is that we could just come and sit at your feet that we might learn of you, Lord, to be more like you, Lord. How we can be just a positive influence to those around us outside of this building, Lord. That we could just bring our licks of fire this evening. come together, worship you, give you honor, give you praise, Lord, despite all the circumstances around us in this world and what's going on within it. Lord, I just ask you would just come by our way this evening. Yes. Lord, move the minister aside, Lord. Pray that you would just use him. Speak words of life to your people. And not only for him to speak, but for us to give us ears to hear, Lord, for what's the use if we don't understand. So, I just ask you would just come by our way, be in the song service, the musicians. Bless brother Marcus, he would lead us in worship. May we all just enter into that and bring a sweet presence amongst this building is my prayer. Lord, answer the needs of your people. You know, there many many that weren't pinned down tonight, but you know the hearts. Lord, you know the the need in each each of our lives and the things that we struggle with and the things that we need and that we all can do just a little bit better. So, I just ask you would just come by our way and be amongst your people this evening. We just love you. We thank you for your goodness, your grace, your mercy in our life. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated tonight. I want to welcome each one to the house of the Lord. It's good to have our pastor, Sister Sandy, back with us and look forward to the service tonight. Brother Martin will be speaking for us. Just a couple of reminders. Of course, our anniversary meeting is coming up just a couple weeks now, a couple weekends, April 4th, 5th, and 6th. If you haven't already signed up for the lunchon on Saturday, please be sure to put your name on the signup sheet. And as well, if there's something you can help bring, please sign up for that. Brother Steven wanted me to announce there is a combined junior and senior youth meeting here at the church on Friday at 7 o'clock. He says there'll be a special guest speaker. I have no idea who that is, but he said it's a special guest speaker. And then there will be a Sunday school play again this Sunday afternoon. We've been talking about the Sunday school play. I think we have a tenative date. I think that will be May the 18th. It'll be a Sunday evening here at the church, but we'll have further details about that in the future. Amen. I'm looking forward to what the Lord has in store for us tonight. Amen. Love lifted me. We're all here because he reached down and picked up each one of us. [Music] Amen. I was sinking deep in sin, far from the peaceful shore. very deep state within seeking to rise no more. of the master of the sea where my [Music] desper [Music] me lifted me when Nothing else could help. Love lifted me. His love lifted me. His love. It lifted me. When nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Souls in danger, look above. Jesus completely saves. He will lift you by his love out of the angry waves. He's the master of the sea. Willows his will away. He your savior wants to be be saved today. Oh love lifted me. His love it lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. His love it lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. All my heart to him I give. Ever to him I [Music] cling to ever his praises sing. Love so mighty and so true merits my soul's best song. faithful loving service to to him we long love lifted me. His love it lifted [Music] me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. Love it lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted. Let's sing the chorus again. Oh, love lifted me. His love it lifted me. And when nothing else could help love lifted me. His love it lifted me. His love it lifted me. And when nothing else could help, love lifted me. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Come and dine. The master calleth, come and dine. Amen. He has a table spread for us tonight. He invites us to come and dine. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and die. And with this man he supplies our every need. Oh is sweet to suffer with Jesus all the time. Oh come and die. The master callth come and die. Oh, you make feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine till the hungry fallen down come and die. The disciples came the land. Thus obeyed Christ command for the master called to them come and die. hearts desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. Thus, he satisfies the hungry every time. Oh, come and dine. The master call, come and die. Oh, you make feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the mountain to turn the water into wine till the hungry falling down. come and die. Soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the hosts of heaven will [Music] ascest white. And with Jesus we will feast eternally. Oh come and die. The master call and come and die. For you may Jesus came all the time. He who turn to the hungry calling now come and die. Oh come and die calling come and die. Oh, you bring that to Jesus all the time. Turn the water into wine to the hungry. Call it [Music] now. I've got something that the world can't give. The world can't take it away. I've got something that the world can give. Keeps me day by day. Oh, I've got something worth talking about. Makes me sing. Oh, it makes me shout. I've got something that the world can give. The world can't take it away. Oh, I've got something that the world can give. The world can't take away. I've got something the world can't do. Keeps me day by day. Oh, I've got something worth talking about. Makes me sing. Oh, it makes me shout. I've got something that the world can give. The world can one more time. Oh, I've got something that the world can give. the world can't take away. Oh, I've got something the world can give. Keeps me day by day. Yes, I've got something worth talking about. Makes me sing. Oh, it makes me shout. I've got something the world can hear. The world can't take it away. Give him praise. Blessed be his name. Hallelujah. Shout to the Lord. Give his Give him praise and honor tonight. Let's stand as we sing it. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Oh shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing the power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar and the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the proise in you. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your might. [Music] I found my shelter, power of reuge and stren. Oh, and all that I am never cease to [Music] worship you. Give to the Lord. All the earth will sing the power and majesty. Praise to the King. The mountains bow down and the sea will roar and the sound of your name. I sing your joy and of your hands forever. I love you forever. I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. Shout to the Lord. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing the power and majesty. Praise to the King. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar and the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I sing for joy. Yes, I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. For nothing compares to the pro. [Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you all this evening. You may be seated. Amen. How many is happy to be a Christian? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I greet you all tonight in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Good to be back. We flew out on Friday. Um my wife and my daughter Rebecca and my granddaughter, they all they went with us. And so we had Mia, Mia Grace. And uh so anyway uh we got there Friday night, went to dinner, Mia took off with her friend and and after dinner after we had our dinner. But anyway, yeah, had a nice big steak dinner. My my my and so anyway, Saturday was a a day where they interviewed Brother Menow and I and our wives. The venue went from 9:30 in the morning until 6:00 that night. And so it was a full day and uh it was lovely. We had lunch there and uh it was very very nice. And u brother Menow and I as we were sitting there and of course brother Men Menow he's got that that deep voice you know real preachers's voice. God bless you all this evening you know you know just that that deep baritone type voice. And uh you know and then they'd ask me questions. Yes. And when you know, have any of you ever heard yourself uh on a recording or something like that and you go, "Oh my my my everybody else sounds so good and you uh hear your own voice and you." So you guys really put up with me. I appreciate it. But God bless you. Amen. And uh so uh during the time the the venue there um they went ahead and asked brother Menow to what was it like when you met uh brother Brandham and and the early part of the ministry there uh and you were in some services and and everything and then they interviewed me and and it was really brother Ed Hammermeister. He said really we have two ministers here from opposite ends of the spectrum. Brother Menow comes from a Menanite very religious strict uh background and here I come from something opposite a surfer out of California and and everything. So uh uh and I asked Ed Hammermeister he said well we want to get the the elders to and I said since when did I become an elder? uh you know uh but whenever I travel now and I go to meetings I'm usually one of the older ones in the meeting and uh so um I guess I am an elder uh and so they then they even had our wives uh get up there with us and they asked them Sandy took more time than anybody but uh no she didn't she uh but Uh, no, we had a very good time there with them. And, uh, I bring greetings from brother Ed Hammermeister, brother Eugene Braraw, brother Menofen, brother uh, Jerry Fury and brother Seagclar and brother Martin Warner there. That was the ones that we had. Uh, the ministers that I know. There might have been a few others perhaps I didn't recognize them but uh also brother Gustaf Pankin is here slipped in again. God bless brother Gustaf sister Aneta I appreciate them uh very much. He's a pastor from Germany. God bless you richly, brother Gusta. And um so um I wanted to just read something because some ask different questions on concerning the ministries that we have here at the assembly. And so I wanted to read something here from the scripture. If you don't mind, let me take just a second. The Bible says in 1 Corinthians 12 verse one. Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant. And we'll go to verse four now. Now there are diversities of gifts but the same spirit. Diversities of gifts. The gifts are different. I will preach on this perhaps at some time. And there are differences of administrations of how they're administered, but the same Lord. There are diversities of operations. They may operate a little bit differently, but it's the same God which workketh all in all. Amen. Verse 11, but all these workketh at one same spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will. And so different ones come from different backgrounds, perhaps different countries. They have an approach to the word that might be a little different than what you're used to. And you have to listen uh carefully. uh especially uh I'm not uh brother Martin is speaking tonight and he has a certain approach to the word and uh he has uh you know because English is his second language though I'll tell you what he is so gifted in languages and one of these days I want to use him as a translator here at the pulpit translating as fast as you can preach in English he can translate it and stuff. But sometimes um they take different angles, diversities, [Music] operations, the way they see it, the way they put it together, you know, they come from other ministries perhaps overseas and they develop their own uh let's call it uh way of putting it together. It's like every one of you sisters go to the same market or somewhere to buy your groceries, but the way you put it on the plate is so different than others. Amen. Okay. It's diversities. And so it is even there with the ministries. But if you'll find, if you'll listen carefully and if you understand perhaps backgrounds and where he comes from, he may go over here and take this and and this and then tie it over here and he's developing a picture. And I tell all of our ministers, every one of them, when you get up and minister, uh it should be something that completes a picture. Amen. Okay. Because if it leaves you in a mystery like what did he say? Where where did he take me? What was the quote was good, the scripture was good, but how did you tie it together? And some men are very very gifted at being able to tie them all together and put it together and and uh stuff. So um uh I and some I give so that you guys understand I will give lateral movement. What I mean by lateral movement is uh perhaps he will take a certain direction of what the prophet said and what the scriptures said but he's not interpreting it. Okay? He's just saying, "Well, look at it this way and whatever." And some may even say, "Well, uh, it looks as though you're adding to or taking away." Per first off, understand I would never allow that. Okay? If they do some lateral movement, ah, okay, come on. uh you know, but uh I would not stand for anyone to come and and be preaching something that's uh not substantiated in the scripture nor in the message. Amen. So anyway, I just say that on behalf of all of our um ministering brethren that are here, notice they are diversities of gifts, diversities of operations. So when you understand Excuse me. When you understand that, then you then you can give a a whole lot more grace. Let's sing another song. Let's have our brother Martin Malumba come out here and minister. Uh I personally enjoy sometimes his different viewpoints on different things what he says. I do. And it shows that he definitely gets into reading the word and and that and uh brother Mario, God bless you. I asked how did he do? Uh, one of the brothers said, "Man, he come out. I thought it was just going to be a a simple little sermon and man, he come out really firing away." So, I appreciate that. God bless you, brother Mario. Amen. Let's stand together. Change the order of the service. Brother Mark and say, "You are my refuge. You're my sanctuary." Amen. You are my refuge. You're my sanuary when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing for you are my Sing it again. You are my refuge. You're my sanuary when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my Let's sing it one more time as brother Martin comes. You are my refuge. You're [Music] my [Music] feel. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raing underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Shall we pray? Precious heavenly father, once again in the house we standing Lord in your sanctuary. Father, yes. [Music] There was a city lifted in the days of Joshua in order God to find a refuge. After a time, Lord, it pleased you not, Lord, Father God, to find a mountain or a place, a natural place to be hidden into, but you chose our heart, Lord. Thank you, Lord. While the world is looking for you, seeking to where to find you, but by your grace, you came and you revealed us, Lord, where you are, Father. Job wanted to come and speak to you. But in this day, we come Lord Father God with boldness before the throne of grace because of the shed blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you Lord. And this blood has come down Lord in the form of the word in this last hour revealing unto us Lord the pathway to glory. Wow. Lord Father God, the world is seeking, Lord, Father God, a new governance, a new ways, a new president that can do better things, Father. But you have shown us your program, telling us, Lord, I fear not little flock. It pleased the father to give you the kingdom. A place where there will be peace, no hunger, no stress or anything of any kind, Lord. Oh, Lord. But we standing faithful once again tonight. looking Lord Father God into thy word. May you take it over. Open unto us Lord things that we have never seen Lord Father God before because Lord like the burst of the Roman candle it goes on and on and on Lord Father and this is Lord Father God the eternal light as Lord Father God Daniel Kerry was uh carried in that light Lord the brighter the closer it got Lord and the brighter it was Lord the same way Lord as we get into the word let it be Lord Father God deeper and deeper Lord to keep us low. Father God, I thirst Lord for more. As we're looking away again unto you, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name we ask and pray. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless you once again tonight. Uh we shall take our Bibles in the book of uh Exodus 26. Exodus 26. Uh you can read the entire chapter that covers uh the whole uh element. Thank you musicians. I always forget you there. uh chapter verse 1 to 5, but you can read the entire idea uh in the whole chapter. We're still on to uh what house wil thou build me? Exodus uh 26:1. Moreever, thou shalt make the tabernacle with the 10 curtains of fine twin linen and blue and purple and scarlet with cherubims of cunning work shalt thou make them. The length of one curtain shall be eight and 20 cubic and the breath of one curtain four cubics and every one of the curtain shall have one measure. The five curtains shall have shall be coupled together one to another. And other five curtains shall be coupled one to another. And thou shalt make the loops of blue upon the the edge of the one curtain from the uh slave edge in the coupling. And likewise shalt thou make the outermost edge of what? of another curtain and in the coupling of the second. 50 loops shalt thou make the uh in the one curtain and 50 loops shalt thou make in the edges of that curtain is in the coupling of the second that the loops may take hold of one another. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. Uh once again, thank you, brother Ron, and uh the entire church for making it tonight and the opportunity to stand before you to share the word of the Lord. uh I believe as uh the pastor stated it different administration when you come in the word uh surely there's always uh uh one thing that uh one of the previous pastors that I was under uh stated that u when God calls you he has to give you a particular gift it's not uh a copy and past of uh the previous ministries and and things like that. uh just as we see in the family that uh uh from the same father comes children of uh different uh characteristics, height and hair colors and and and all these things and uh the father himself can recognize his traits in the children but the child would say like you know I am particular no you're just the father's child the father's child after the day after all uh the same way as uh uh just adding up to what he stated there uh as uh the Lord has given us the opportunity to go about many places and we've come to understand a little bit the bride the way they behave and and uh we love that the way the God has uh made his children created them to behave in a certain manner. Yeah. And one of the challenges that um at times that uh when you grow under a c a certain influence uh we would think that uh that's all there is in the world. But then when God blesses you a little bit and you start traveling and you start visiting other areas and you start realizing, oh, I never seen that. Oh, they also cook rice like this. Oh, beans. They cook also cook beans like this. And then when you start eating all those things, especially it was an eye opening when I went to uh to Mexico and to see the way they cook beans out there comparatively to what I was acquainted to. You say like okay oh beans with no spices, nothing. Okay, this is uh this is interesting. But then over time it becomes some of the favorite. Oh, let's have some Mexican food and let you know. by God's grace and it is the same way uh as we we the nature types the spiritual amen uh it is the same way at times like you know the lord will give you uh a certain opening that's why I love to fellowship with the brethren you know at times I believe we were with uh brother Vega we were sitting there and he started typing the church ages in in the spectrum of light and I just sat there and I was like yeah He might not be a minister but God has given him uh you know some great openings that say like you know brother can you send me those and I want to learn from it you know by God's grace and it is the same way you know deacons and uh ministers and and everybody you know you that will never end you know those that will those will come after us so don't just try to be to preach like us like you know I want to preach like him and I want to know the way no no go to He had he has a lot in store. You know, you might not understand it, but Ron has said it multiple times. So, he might preach something in a way for many years and the person doesn't get it. And then somebody else comes like, you know, but I've been preaching this all these years, you know, but it's just God's way of uh doing things. And hol is for his glory because if uh if it's a whole in one person he knows everything has all the types and all the shadows by himself you know then all the glory comes back to him before you know it you know we have a nimrod in the room and we don't want that but we believe by God's grace and if it keeps you in an area of shadow to a certain extent it's good just stay there in that shadow and you know pray to him but Program says that you know revelation will come as you have need of it. You know don't don't come to church just to be a good listening uh service and then you go out. Now he wants to teach us certain things so that we can be aware and be ready for what is to come. Amen. uh to for tonight probably yes uh already from the reading it's probably not common to have uh this type of approach but we are talking of the tabernacle will have all these things in the message but then uh I have this background of the prophet tells me take the Bible take the message that's my my only background that I have and and uh when I read the Bible and I see it in the message I have the freedom to preach it because it's the Bible. It's the message. It speaks of the same thing and uh that will never change and and forever more. Amen. Um uh tonight we're speaking about the outer court. Uh God's grace, God willing, uh we'll try to um cover a little bit of a ground here. Uh probably not the way it was always been. uh presented previously but or before but but God's grace I don't want to make it too long. I want to keep it short in order to go into some other things that are pulling into my heart but God's grace. Um we seeing that uh the tabernacle that we started speaking about we starting in Genesis 15. We went into uh Exodus 3 and Exodus 12. Uh Exodus 3, the pillar of fire meeting Moses. He told him uh to pick to have the children of Israel to pick between among the sheeps and the goats and and uh the goats had to be offered perfect lamb because this perfect lamb will be the sacrificial lamb that has to be uh spare them from the danger or the killing from the angel of death. And there about we continue that in Exodus 12 uh the children of Israel came about. The Lord said that you know have the army of the Lord came out and the Lord told them to bring a will offering unto the Lord to make him the tabernacle. And uh the last service we covered that uh around the tabernacle we had ministers the Levites particularly the tribe of Levi that was set round about in order to minister unto the the tabernacle. And uh for tonight I want to start with the tabernacle itself. So God willing, I hope uh it may doesn't make it uh too long because it's a a blessing when he's teaching it to you because at times when we my experience is many times when I leave the pulpit he will probably go on for three, four, five days and he keeps preaching me preaching giving it to me but I can bring everything on the pulpit unfortunately and I just have to keep moving on and stuff um For tonight, we jumping to Exodus 26. As we just read, uh we seeing that the Lord had the tabernacle that had to be built. Uh the tabernacle had to be made with specific element. uh as I stated uh in the last service that when we look at uh the physical part of it which is could be for the most part not looked onto uh given too much importance because of the reasons that uh the lord has given revelation to the brethren um but I want to start with uh the outer quote in this outer quote the lord said I you'll make the tabernacle with a certain manner but we can clearly see from the reading where we just had that the Lord himself didn't just say like you know hey just go and build the outer court the way you want but he says you know moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with 10 curtains and he start going into the every single details the loops of the of of the curtains and uh if you read the entire chapter you see he said like you know you're going to make the frame in this way and and he even gives uh the type of labor that he gives to the children of uh of uh of Levi certain families to take care of uh that part and to remove the curtains and to put them up and according to the families they have to do a rotation and uh that whole mystery understand that we can cover it all but by God's grace we give a little bit of an idea and uh show it in the message by God's grace and then we move onto something else. But it's really really a blessing unto myself and I believe that uh those who are interested in the word will be able to see it and understand by God's leader under God's leadership. um as uh to say it just like the prophet says you know hey it if it doesn't make any sense you know we have the pastor reach out and uh I'll provide more details and you know over lunch and stuff but God's grace because I know some of the things on a one-on-one basis you know the spirit is more focused on one area comparatively to when it's a a church a mixed audience and uh the Lord usually goes on to to deal with people of different backgrounds and in order to give them a little bit of food on the plate. Um he shows that all the loops of the tabernacle, the outer court and every single details, the Lord himself comes down to Moses and tells them exactly how they have to make the tabernacle. And this tabernacle by looking at it by virtue of just the Holy Spirit Moses came and told the children of Israel what they have to do and how they have to do it. Of course, they had all these backgrounds that they had uh from uh from Egypt that they could probably just like, you know, build because, you know, to this day, the prophet shows us that um Egypt had made some great constructions that to this day hard to to rebuild. But nevertheless, this tabernacle was not to be made after the men of the Egyptians. No. Therefore, the Lord brings this together. And the type of the tabernacle that we are speaking of, brother says uh in the message a hidden life in Christ 55 it say just like God in the three courts he surely lives in the court of the congregation meaning the outer court he lives he also lives here in the holy place. Um uh uh he lives in the holy place. This was just a this this was just attributes of his presence from the holy it's just like you if you'll notice the Bible mathematically speaking you know that's where like you know when you're reading the Bible you're reading the prophet it just gives you instruction on how to access access the Bible you know just reading the Bible uh the message like you know I've listened to uh uh a tape but He start giving you the way of accessing the Bible, how to read the Bible. It's not like, you know, oh, Moses did this. No, no, no, no. He's giving us specifically. He says like, you know, mathematic mathematically, you know, you went to school now all your algebra and all your geometry and all these things are start coming back into view. Okay. Is that important? Yes, it is important. Everything is important in God's word. Mathematically speaking, the three is God's God's perfected number. God is perfected in three. The Godhead is perfected in three. Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. The one true God and the dispensation are perfected in three. 37s, 12elves, 24, 40s, and 50s is is God's mathematical number. And when you dwell on this one a single quote, it will open the entire Bible into a whole different scenario. You start seeing the 12 patriarchs and the the 24 elders and and all these things. It just opens up the word to you that you can stop. But just by listening to one tape, even one minute, and you spend the entire week studying in whole different things and probably reviewing your uh your your school books and stuff. Now just uh and it runs completely through the scriptures. This mathematics, this geometry, all these things runs perfectly in the scripture. Amen. That's why when he's saying you shall make the tabernacle, he's pulling all these backgrounds into view. Remember he said like you know I've called Bezal of the tribe of Judah to make the tabernacle and I've given them wisdom and understanding and this wisdom understanding is this mathematics this perfection to bring into view in order to build the tabernacle. And this building is not the building of the a human because they went to school and they've built us all these things that we are thankful for. But then this building here that we are building the one the one the two and the three is specifically placing it according as this brother says now it's just like you you are made out of three parts your body your spirit and your soul and this body that we are speaking of it has to run throughout the scripture and if it's not in the scripture then the picture that we are painting then is wrong because he said like you know thou shalt make it according that you have seen up there and has Moses is bringing the pardon of the tabernacle then bel now has to take the silver the gold that they have received from the Egyptians in order to build the tabernacle and notice you yourself you are perfected in three soul body spirit water and spirit the prophet is laying out. So now we are focusing just only on the body part and then by God's grace we'll uh uh go on onto the rest of the stuff and then uh this body of ours we understand that we are the product of our father and mother and we have all inherited certain spirits of our environment of uh all these things that we have covered previously particularly under uh Nimro invasions and all these things and under communism. You know, when I was a little boy, before I was a Christian, this would come to me and would speak to me and tell me things that were going to happen. Well, I would scare it would scare it would scare me to death. I would be nervous and troublem about it. I spoke to it spoke to me first in a bush like a wind whirlwind in a bush. And he told me never to drink or to smoke or defile my body. that there will be a work for me to do. And the Lord has is wanting us to build the tabernacle, he has specifically for work to be done. And as uh these things that the Lord is laying out through the scriptures, it's showing us that hey, we have a tabernacle that is given onto us. We have all this understanding, all these backgrounds that we have. We are smart. We are intelligent. We are able to do all kind of things. But then let's remember that that body that God has given unto us was is given to us for a specific work to be done. Amen. And as Moses was giving them specifically the entire book of Exodus shows us in Exodus 40 comes to the fulfillment the purpose where unto the tabernacle was built. Because without a tabernacle there's worship. And if there's no worship then there's no fellowship. Because when we come to we invited at somebody's house it has to open us the door. We don't start with uh the bedroom but we start with the living room. This is where we are received depending and uh I will feel welcome just by the way I am received at the door. Amen. And if I am welcome brother I'm saying like you know you will tell me like you know feel free feel at home. Show me the kitchen you show me different places. But then depending on the level of affinity that we have with one person to another then the visitor say like you know hey I can have you access this area that area but not the bedroom right but then if there's a different level of fellowship for those who are married then there's no limit to the access to to anything there's no access to the bank accounts there's no uh there's no limit limit of access to the bank accounts. There's no limit of access to everything that we know. But then in the nature, if we have a different scenario, he doesn't trust her, he doesn't know all the bank accounts he has, then we know that there's no complete fellowship, right? There's only a limited fellowship. Right. But then in this outer quote that the prophet is showing us that hey there's a work for you to be done to do when you shall grow when you shall go when you shall grow and brother Brandham along his life he find himself that this element was dragging his life and down through life I tried to live to be a gentleman and I was misunderstood. Why the body has to be restricted to a certain level of behaviors. And even my father said I was a big cece because I didn't like to I didn't like I didn't I didn't because I didn't drink like the rest of the brands because in our culture this is what we do because in our church this is how we preach because this is here but then when the Lord comes to you then he gives you a certain a different pathway to access the word to conduct yourself in a certain manner. Huh? Because there's a work for you to do. And therefore in this body we are behaving, addressing, talking, be using that body in a certain manner because we are following a certain objective. We are just in the outer court. It's not the spirit yet. It's not the soul yet. Because the body says, you know, my even my own father couldn't understand me. Why do I have to dress the way I dress? Not because somebody told him, you have to do it. But the voice told him not to behave like that. Don't do like the rest of them. But then the influence we have today, it's like, you know, hey, sister so and so is doing it. Why not I? the influence of one another. Yes, sir. But then that influence also is leading you somewhere. That's right. We take our influences from some pictures that we have seen of somebody that we have great respect for and we say like we'll dress like her, we'll behave like him. But then this body, the prophet is showing next, hey, you shall make it mathematically to build this tabernacle according to a certain pattern because there's a work for you to do. The body, yes. Otherwise, that body could be any kind of body. Otherwise, the Lord could use the animals to preach the gospel. Yeah. Otherwise, the Lord could use the mechanical devices to preach the gospel. But he said, "No, I've chosen a man." Let us create man after our own image and likeness. For him to do what? To dominate there. And when he placed him there in Genesis 3, it said like, you know, and he breathed the breath of life in the body that he created. But he said to that body, "The day that you shall eat from here, that day you shall die." And when the man doubted God's leadership on how to behave with the tabernacle, he said like, you know, "Have you eaten from what I have forbidden you to eat?" He said like, then they started pushing uh pointing the fingers to one another, right? And that's what we do. Oh, no. Because like you know, didn't you see brother Brham's wife? Didn't you see brother Brham do this? Didn't you see that the pastor's wife did it? Yeah. The same way in Genesis, there's nothing new under the sun. Amen. And then we have to understand that there are consequences that that goes along with behaving in that manner. True. He said like, you know, but but there was something in my heart. But but there was something in my heart wouldn't let me drink. It was Christ. Amen. Something in his heart was telling him, "Hey, that body of yours. Don't use it however you want. Don't dress it however you want." Right? You go, you look on TV and you say like, you know, I'll put some chains on my ankle. I'll put a little bit of a hairstyle like this and I'll behave like the rest of the world. Remember, there's a pattern. There's a program. You take the entire book of J of Exodus, you can see from the very beginning all the way to the end. Just as we saw that the children of uh of of Aaron came about and offered a strange fire, right, in the tabernacle? What did God do? Kill them. Amen. He's showing the importance that every single part of the tabernacle, he had conceived it. He had brought it forth. He had given it to Moses. And Moses had came and proclaimed it. He had seen how the tabernacle come about. And he had come and consecrated the tabernacle. And here now comes somebody who didn't think about it, who didn't even mind about this and come and offer a strange fire. Have you ever bought a car and then you find somebody has just like you know keyed your car? What feeling do you have at that time? I paid some money for this. I worked for this. I lay my blood for this tabernacle. I die to give back what get back the body where it's supposed to be. Then the next fellow comes and say like you know hey don't worry you know that really that thing about the church doesn't have really have any importance. I can use your body for fun. We just having fun, you know, we just exploring life really the tabernacle very good that the Lord has set in place and most of the time some of us when we are going to go through all those experiences of having fun and and trying to move left and right there's a voice in your heart telling you don't do sir. Amen. But because of the lust of life, the lust of the eyes, there we are. We try to cling on to it. And listen to brother Broner. And I have an idea why this tabernacle had to be kept the way they supposed to be clean. I may not be right on this, but he was right on it. I think that God was pre preserving this for his people that they might benefit by it. Amen. The body. Yes. We can go into interpretation. No, no, no, no, brother. It's not the body. It's only the the spirit. It's the ministry. No, that's not what the angel is saying. The angel say, "Defile not your body." And it has to go and this principle has to go throughout the scriptures. The mathematics has to be right. Right. If it start in Genesis, it has to go all the way into Revelation. Amen. And if it is from Genesis to Revelation, it will leave from 47 to 65. Yes, sir. And by God's grace that we saying that this outer tabernacle or this outer court, it has to be kept. It said like you know that they might benefit for it. I could figure no other way because by nature I was the other way, right? He was also attracted like anybody else to have a girlfriend which he did and went around and tried to drink, try to smoke the things that we inherited from our parents, right? The spirit of our nations or all our cultures was pushing him. Amen. Because he was a nourishment. He was taken into drinking. The Brhams were like that. Everybody in the country knows like, you know, hey, what's going on with you? Can't you drink in 2025? You don't have a girlfriend? What's wrong with you? Right? Then they start questioning how come your body doesn't behave like the rest of the bodies behave. Come on. Yes sir. He says no. It was not me. It was Christ. It was somebody from inside. Pulling all those five senses into subjection. And as he was sitting, he was looking. He said like, you know, it could only be him because he wanted a body in order to have a ministry so that the people can benefit from it. And as the people were benefiting from it, then he said like, you know, hey, because by nature I was the other way, because he said to the girlfriend, give me that cigarette. I'll prove to you. Many times we are pulled under the same pressure. I'll show you that I can also talk. I'll show you I'm also strong. But then he's showing us that these experiences that he's having is having these experiences as the wave she has the first one among us. Amen. that the Lord is coming onto and to reveal how to build the tabernacle from birth all the way to the end that this has to come to adoption sometime because when the sword came in it was not a spiritual sword and when the sword came in he held it to say like you know in this hand in this But then the whole process didn't start there at that time but it started all the way from birth. Amen. Amen. Drink not. Smoke not. Amen. Don't wear silk. Don't put all extra makeup. Don't do all these things here because there's a body being prepared for a specific work so people can benefit from it. No brother, I can add this here. I can wear whatever I want. It's like according to what pattern is that? According to what scripture is that? according show it to me from Genesis to Revelation. Amen. Show it in the Bible. Or we just taking a portion of the scripture and we start running with it and we leave the rest of the scripture because then something is wrong inside. And we'll get to that by God's grace. Matthew 10 28 and and and he's showing the Bible is showing us the same thing. And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul, but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell. Amen. This tabernacle that is given unto us as we seeing accidents all over the globe and people being killed in the soul in the in the spirit I mean in the body but the word is showing us is like you know hey but just be careful that the decision that we are making that there's one that can kill both soul and body right because the way we are conducting that body that tabernacle then there will be a sentence given unto it in 1 Corinthians 3. We're running out of time. I'll go a little bit quicker. Know you not that ye are the temple of God? And that the spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God, he is holy which temple ye are. Amen. They say like you know that temple that we are this tabernacle when we defiling it with diverse things left and right and putting all kind of chemicals on it and going and burning the with the hot iron and all these things and straightening it up and giving it a whole different posture than what God has given it according to the pattern. They said God said like you know hey be aware God will destroy it because why was he going to destroy it? It's just going to exist. He said no because I thought of it. I had a conception of it and I want that body to be exactly the way I have made it. Amen. It is my possession. I paid for the possession. It's not your possession. You belong to somebody. Amen. Somebody has taken the clay and made a shape. Short, big, tall, and slender. All that you want according to his own pleasure. And he's making the tabernacle for a specific purpose so people can benefit from it. Amen. Few examples of the things that are to be made aware of. He said Lev 19:28. You shall not make any cutings in your flesh for the for the dead. No print any marks upon you. I am the Lord. Amen. Amen. This is my body. I can do anything you No, no, no. There's no such a thing. That's right. Take the pattern from Genesis to Revelation. Defile it not. The day you eat, the day you die, and they ate and died. And it goes on gives more light. No cutings upon your flesh. In other words, you go on and you pierce your ears. You make some cutings so you can have all kind of things. You're showing that this tabernacle has to be kept as it's supposed to. Amen. I am the Lord. 1 Corinthians 3:16, "Know you not that you are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defiles his temple, God gather shall destroy, shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are, let no man deceive himself." Amen. If any man among you seemth to be wise in this world, let him be be let him become a fool that he may be wise. Amen. Amen. We are living in such a world. We go and we paint our hairs and we cut we uh we bob it and we cut a little bit here and uh we try to make it God given you a gray All these things that we go through in the changes of our bodies, God is looking at the stage of the tabernacle and he wants to be glorified in it. Amen. You were born with uh black hair, the next day you blonde and and the next day you redheaded and You have a mixture of black and red and green and and all kind of things. He said that's not the made. That's right. That's not what I created. We go and pierce and and print all kind of things. What is that for? Oh, it's for my liberty. Liberty. He said, "Be watchful. Make the tabernacle. Keep it as it is." So I have a work to do with it. What work? We shall see. The invisible union uh will go faster. Uh the invisible union of 78. The prophet is showing that this body that we are speaking about at times we sit and we say like you know that really doesn't have any great importance but let's read the prophet it says like you know if she would m them she will defied for she'll be defied for for lifetime no matter how much she is forgiven she can be justified I'll strike that in a little bit here got a scripture on that in a few in a few minutes she can be forgiven um for for for her defilement. Remember the body that was to be not to be defiled but she cannot be defi she cannot be justified in this life. It's always with her. Brother Brham is basically showing he said like you know hey I'm talking about the natural woman but keep in mind it's the church that I am speaking about that this woman was given three sacred virtue and this three sacred virtue has to be kept one of them was her body and now if in this body she was going to defile the body but I'm saying she can be forgiven just like any one of us. We go, we drink and we smoke and we do all kind of things, but regardless of us being forgiven, those marks remain upon us. Amen. True. Yes, sir. Scriptural. When he tried to go and tried to drink, he didn't think of the consequences. they will try to be on that when he went to South Africa and started following the denominations and they leading him and say like you know I came to Africa I was supposed to be preaching to to to the black people and things but then because he didn't listen to God's leadership they took him in all kind of places and stuff then the Lord came to him and said like you know hey you have the green light go but you'll pay for it right and how did He pay for it in his flesh, in his body, and all these examples are being given unto us. That regardless of the pressures that we are going through, you say like, you know, but I can only do this. Let's do this just one time. I hope you understand the language. I'm a young girl. Just do it one time. You know, I'll just like, you know, go smoke one time. I can guarantee you the day you do that, you'll be different and forever. Amen. Yes, God will forgive you. But the way you used to stand before God will be different. When you make that vow, When a Nazeria was giving the vow he has to keep himself from all liquor from all kind of things. Why? Because there was a specific work to be done. Amen. But the day Samson went into Delilah, that was it. He said like, you know, I'll just like, you know, get away with it. You know, you know, I'm used to this. You know, I'll keep lying. I'll keep lying. But says the devil is telling business and is very cunning. That's right. You think that, you know, it's just a hand over your shoulder. after the shoulder then it gets you somewhere else then somewhere else then somewhere else then says when she's small she can she'll be forgiven but can be justified the tabernacle that the Lord said I've preached a tabernacle in the wilderness for specific purpose why people had to come to the tabernacle to offer sacrifices all the way in Genesis. Behold, the tabernacle of gods and men and all the kings of the earth had to come and bring all the offerings and the glory to the tabernacle. I'm jumping ahead, but I'll uh she may be she may be forgiven, but not but not justified. 79 Her body is given to her, a sacred trust from God. No female, dog, no bird or other animal, no other creature like that. No, she is the only one. Listen to this. Why is this tabernacle so important to be kept as a sacred virtue? a sacred ver sacred verse uh vessel. It says the reason it's so sacred, she is to bring forth life into the earth. When you shall grow, there will be a work for you to do. In the nature, our mothers, they have to bring forth life. But also in us also we are the tabernacle the temple in which God has to come and dwell. Amen. Amen. But then if that tabernacle like Nebuchadnezzar he came into the temple of God took all the vessels of God brought into his parties doing all all kind of things. Then God said, "You come into my tabernacle, you take all my utensils, you make you bring it to the feast of your God." We take the body of God, we go into the stadiums and we bring into all kind of atmospheres and we go and we find all the quotations we want and in order to support that because we have a desire we want to satisfy. Amen. Then the Lord is looking at you and said, "Oh, you're taking my temple. I have spoken the word let it be. Brother says that you know those seeds came in according to that time. I chose that this tabernacle may come in Leo this year for me to gain the glory out of it and you take this tabernacle and you bring into the feast of the gods. I said, "Oh, so you are wise in this world. Become foolish so you can become wise." Yes, sir. These sacred virtues were not virtues to go about and and just like you know playing with it and you know as I the the the children of Aaron they come and they preach you any kind of things and you put it in your mind and and you before you know it you know oh really they didn't they told us you know it's not really a problem I can put all kind of hair where's the pattern Right? How you building the tabernacle? How you covering the body that God has given us? According to pastor such and such because many of them the children of Eli sleeping at the door of the tabernacles. What were they doing? The way of behaving, the way of addressing the woman, they had a specific purpose. Many times people will go some places like we see we see in the fashion world. You come in as a young beautiful woman or handsome man, then they tell you, "No, no, no, no, no. That body of yours, we don't want it like that. Dress this way." reveal this this year. Put this here. You need to eat here. All for what purpose? For their own pleasures. That's right. But this tabernacle, God has created it. The devil took it and perverted it. Amen. And we are here and we just say like, you know, let's go along. No. We ought to be very cautious. Amen. We are to be made aware of the things that we are putting in our bodies. Amen. The way we are handling the tabernacle that God has given us. If in the food that we eat because the food that given to us as we see in the food industry they take all kind of things chemicals they play with it and before you know it you were very strict. You eat the food and you become very relaxed and you unable to stand with the word you be all that they are manipulating that's right the world today so that they can confirmed all of us those of you our parents who are here years sometimes the dressing that you see in the world today you could not imagine that amen Yes, true brother. But today it becomes a normal thing. You know the she comes to church. Forgive me I have to say it all her underwear showing up. But what's going on? God has given you that tabernacle. You defile it. said, "Many of you will go in that day of the judgment. I never I never I never committed adultery. I never cheated on my husband." But then you see a whole line of people coming. I committed adultery with you. How? The way we dressed. Amen. Amen. You are sitting on the on the pews and the tabernacle. Yeah. He says that you know make of it the of certain curtains. You sit outside you cannot see inside. Right. When you are dressing men and women everybody you have to make sure otherwise you'll be just like woman women. No no no no no. Because also today men pants are tying up and you say where are we going? Is this still the same tabernacle that God wants to have it covered up? If God wanted that such a liberty, he should have done it in the in the Bible. He should have done it in the Bible. He said like, you know, no, no, no. You don't need the curtains. just have uh anybody from the Egyptians they can see all the way into the Holy of Holies. But he said covered it up. Amen. So they can be twinned so they can support each other. In the question and answers I didn't I don't have the quote here but says that you know God has given some of us certain forms. You can't help it but we can cover it up. Right. At times we bring in all kind of spirit. We go to the gym, we we become all muscular and then you start coming to church and showing all your muscles. What spirit is behind? Amen. Then it's no more to give God the glory. There's another purpose behind. That's right. Amen. Then she start looking like Uh oh. What a type of brothers you like. I like you know he has to be strong. How do you how how did she come about to know such and such brother he's strong? That's why I preached the other day the ministries of the sanctuary. We have all of us a ministry right that when we are working we have to understand what our is what are we bringing to the tabernacles of God right as I said even in the weddings we we we we come and we want to show all kind of dresses and high heels is no no no no no no no understand some of us are still weak Some of us are still growing up regardless of the age. True. As one would say like you know pastor forgive me. You know every time I see such a sister I'm always taken in the church. It's not out there. It's not out there. And we are to be aware that when we are con dealing the way we are dealing with this tabernacle that God has given us, we have to be cautious. Amen. Yes, sir. No, no, no, no. I'm just doing it for myself. Yes. Do it for yourself and you will pay the price. Be aware that there is one that can destroy that body and destroy your soul. That's right. That's right. Because if he has to come and dwell in the tabernacle of ours, if we have to receive the Holy Spirit in the soul, he has to dwell in the physical body. That secret trust was given to her because we have to bring forth life. We have to present the blood of Jesus Christ. Her body is the bedding ground of life. In the ground you can put all kinds of life. In the ground we can put all kinds of life. Mustard seed, oranges, weed, they are seeds. Amen. But then now when you preparing your ground, what are you putting in there? Right. I believe is brother uh uh Steven who preach about the the husband men. He has prepared his garden. Why is he preparing it? So that he can remove all kind of seeds and protect it from all kind of foes and all kind of things. Right. But then if he's working and working and working years after years, years after years, you're still cutting your hair, painting it, and painting the nails and stuff and giving it a clear base and all these things to fool them. Who are you fooling? Brother Brham say the Bible says, "Be not mocked. You shall reap what you're sowing." Amen. Today you have a clear base, your child will have a much darker and darker and darker and darker. Then when it turns into red, no, it's a normal thing. You know, you do it. I do it. I just did it in a different shade. So then what scripture are you going to have to differentiate between this shed is good, that shade is not good. Right? Preach it. So that principle applies to everything else that we have. Time is up. I should have I really really have some other things here. Can you give me five minutes? Amen. God's grace. For they have not uh in Nemiah 9, watch the cry now of the people after they have sinned like you know they have sinned from the Lord. For they have not served thee in their in their kingdom. And in thy great goodness thou that thou givest them, and enlarge and fat land which thou gavest before them, neither there neither turn they from the the wicked works. Behold, we are servants this day, and for the land that thou has thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof, and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it. in the temple that God has given you. Yeah. We become servants. A new a a new shoe has come forth. Your heart is pounding to go get it. A new car. You are your mind is unsettled. You become servant in the very land that God has given you. Amen. and it yielded much increase unto the kings whom whom thou has set over us because of our sins. Look at the industries around us. They make money after money, money after money and yourself you broke after broke and broke. Why? Because all your budget is always like what is the new hair color? What is the new extension? What is the new this? What is the new that? You become servant. That's right. The Bible is there. They cried. But he said, you know, he said because of our sins also they have dominion over our bodies and over our cattle at their pleasure. Yeah. They want us to look like you say, "Oh, this is the trend now." Yeah. This is the trend in the message. You know, you don't need to make it to cover that much. You know, you can just Yeah, it is the trend at their pleasure. We don't have a revelation. There's no Christ inside to keep the tabernacle pure because just like you know let's make oh it looks good you know people will like me like this at their pleasure. Amen. Servant under the dominions they control your bodies. He said no no no no make it a little bit tighter. You know when you walk you know it gives you a little bit of a Yeah. And says, "Look at the first generation. Look at what happens to the second, right? And all the way to the third, right? After all, the glory will leave. Then you come and say, "Lord Jesus, oh, you died for me. Died for you. Yeah. If I died for you, I've laid down the payment for your body. That's right. So that that body can be healed. So that body can be made ready for the resurrection. And the resurrection to the change of the body. Yes. You want to be young, follow God's program. Very good. That's the truth. because of this body that God has given us. Yes, it is made prepared for a redemption. Amen. Hallelujah. But bottom says, I'm not going to read it, but says that we have the earnest of what? Of our redemption, which is what? Divine healing. But then in that very body that God has given us, we go, we do anything with it. We go, we defile it, then we come to God. God, please can you can you fix it? No, no, no, no, no, no. Is watching. He said, I'm giving you the pattern. I'm giving us the tabernacle. And all the technologies that we have today, you have all prints on your body say you go and you remove it. said, "Lord, I know I have I have already defiled this body to this extent, but I'll do as much as I can. At least forgive me." Huh? Just as like in my marriage divorce, you say like, you know, I forgive you, but then teach your children not to do it. It's not just marriage and divorce. It's in that principle lines up in everything. That's why brother Bam says it runs through the scripture. This divine healing that he has given unto us saying that you have a bruise because his word said that you shall make no cutting in your flesh. It brings forth life in order to restore where was cut. And as is restoring our bodies, it's not just to walk around and do with it whatever we want, but he bringing the word in order to make us aware that this body that he has given us is for a specific purpose. Amen. Yes. True. That's why I say like you know we are used to when they preach anything about the body, the five senses and touch and smell. No, no, no, no. You already know that this body a tabernacle. Yes. To bring forth life. Yes. And at the time the child that could grew up, he said, "I'll turn my back to you so you can know." Where was he doing that in the body that he had told him when he was young? Do not defile it in any manner because that this work me revealing myself unto my children will be done in this body so that the people can benefit from it. Amen. And then when we have now our sisters in your point of view, the virtues that God has given you, the life that will come out of it, you cannot tell if it's a minister, if it's a minister's wife and all these things. Take that, take that whole program, work on it. Understand that you have God has given us all a ministry and that ministry he wants a body that is pure prepared for him to do the work. Amen. Very good. Don't walk around and they have dominion over your bodies and you come and you show us and no no we don't need that. That's the Lord's property. It's not our property. Right? True. Even to the married one. Brother Brham says like you know don't do the things that you do in the magazines because after all she's your sister. You see the pattern because once you see the pattern everything else on the other coat will be made clear to her naturally God has given you long hair. Keep it long. Yeah. That's why when he went beyond the curtain of time, he saw the perfect image of those theophanes. He said like, you know, they were dressed this way. They had a they were looking this way. But then when he saw the church coming about, have I done all this work for this? Can you imagine Jesus looking at you? Have I done all this to end up with this? The auto quote. Yes. It was not just the spiritual yet the art. He said that I I was able to touch them. I bit myself. Am I sleeping? No, you're not sleeping. It's a body. Amen. A tabernacle made for the Lord. Amen. Ready for service. Amen. And that's where we see in revelation brother says then when the body of Jesus Christ shall come back again into his own image he says like you know look up there do you see his eyes do you see his mouth do you see his being don't look at your body as something like you know hey you die and you you gone no no no no no there's a specific program that God has laid out. He wants to see all that progression as you are getting older all the wrinkles. He wants to see all those wrinkles as that we go we put all kind of feelings and after the feelings and then it turns into a cancer there's like you know say brothers have a prayer for me. The wisdom that God gives us has to keep us and make us aware. This is not to be hard on us, but it's to make us aware. If we defile that body, God is going to destroy us and not just destroy the body, but also destroy the soul. Because we'll see that, you know, if in there in the Holy of Holies, if it's not faith, it's doubt. And if there's doubt, there's no way for the soul to be true and the body to be wrong. Because uh he shall bring all your members into subjection. Yes, sir. The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life. Usually, that's what confront this body. I want to do this. I want to be like everybody else. In Revelation 10, we see a mighty angel come down and the angel comes down. It's not a it's not a spiritual being. It is a body because himself Jesus went through the same process. He kept his body pure. He could do anything like everybody else. But he said, "I sanctify myself for what?" For them. Amen. Jesus went through that. He learned obedience through the things he suffered. Amen. Are we going to suffer certain things? Yes. Are we going to forsake a little bit of a beauty for the sake of others? Yes. And if we don't understand that there's a reward behind that sacrifice, his body was resurrected, brought up to the heavens and sat on the right hand of the father. And that body didn't just stay there forever and then disappeared. And then that body come back around. It said like, you know, at first bar said, I was I just came back to pray for my father. I looked around and I saw somebody standing there 10 ft from where I was. I said like, "Who's this?" I say, "Hey, hey, is this a vision?" No, no, no, no. I'm still here. This is real. The wind is is a flowing on the is uh bidding his robe. He comes to him. Jesus, it was not a spirit. He said like you know the pitch of man is as close as it can gets to him. It's not as perfect but as close as it can gets to it. Amen. And he didn't just stop there. Revelation 10 said like you know I'll show you to the entire world. Amen. I'll show it to you first individually but now I'm showing it to the entire world. I said like, you know, hey, I didn't take the picture. The proof that he went through all that suffering, through all that obedience in order to be presented to the entire world. Amen. We have seen his beard. We've seen his eyes. That body of yours is not to be despised. is not to be looked down onto. You have something that is very important unto us. What do we do with it? We keep it. We treasure it. We clean it. We maintain it. But not after Babylon. May God bless you. Amen. Let's all stand together. Why would God be so specific and take the Old Testament and you make so many loops and you make the garment of this color and you put the edging. If he's showing that it is so specific on that temple of the Lord, then what about our bodies? Amen. Does it really matter? It does. It does. That's why Jezebel religion says it doesn't matter what you wear. Cut your hair. We should be so totally different by the way we look and the way we dress and the way we talk and the way we walk than normal Christianity. I'm sorry. because it's all for a purpose. [Music] And guess what? The reason he did it, he said, "It's for your benefit." [Music] Thank you, Lord. I appreciated that. That was very good tonight, Brother Martin. Thank you. Diversities of gifts, diversities of operations, he takes the drapes and the coverings and the curtains and the rods and the loops and everything. You wonder where are you? Brother Bram said, "If you can't read the scripture and see Christ in every verse, come on. It's for a purpose. It's all there. The numbers, I'll tell you how specific it is. If you had the very mind of Christ, you would know why there's 50 loops. You would know why there are certain colors and why some of them are joined together and why others are separate. It's all for a purpose. Thank you, Lord. Yes. Let us have the mind of Christ. Amen. What's the name of this song? Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Let it be your desire. Oh, keep me true, my Lord Jesus. keep me to [Music] truth. Oh, there a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. Brother Oliver, would you come up here and close in a word of prayer, please? Amen. That's our desire. Lord, keep me true. Amen. Let me be aware of this body, of this temple. If God was so particular on the Old Testament, on that tabernacle, will he not be particular on us now? Absolutely. God bless you, brother Oliver. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you for the opportunity. Let's pray, Leah, Lord Jesus Christ. What an opportunity to be here to hear your word. You speak straight to us, Lord. And this word Lord that will change us not to be conformed to this world but to be transformed by the renewing of our mind. Wow. We believe that you are the same yesterday, today and forever. You the only God never changed for the nature of God and we believe that Lord. After that Lord you think life will be confirmed to this word. This tabernacle Lord will keep it safe and true. Confirmed to the specific form is required. Lord after this will be going in different ways. Lord, we ask for your presence to be each and everyone. Amen. Until we meet again, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. It was good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Learning a little bit more about our redemption and why it is the way that it is and why it's so specific. Thank you, Lord. You do it for our benefit. Turn around, shake somebody's hand, say, "God bless you." Consider yourselves dismissed. You may go in the presence of the Lord. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
