################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-19 - Mystery of Concentration - Bro. Sam Adair Kabongo - Sam Adair Kabongo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-19
Title:    Mystery of Concentration - Bro. Sam Adair Kabongo
Speaker:  Sam Adair Kabongo
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 25m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEBUOk--aC0
========================================

Description:
2025-0518 Sunday Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You're happy with [Music] Amen. Let's stand this morning. We need you, Lord. Truly, we need him today. Let's sing it with all our heart today. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. [Music] We lift our hands and bow our knees and [Music] worship your throne. We need you, Lord. Oh, we need you, Lord. Right now. Oh, we need him today in this hour we live in. Oh, we need you, Lord. What a rock you are today. Need you, Lord, right there. You're the only one we can depend upon, Lord. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. right now. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. We felt our hands in. We b our knees and worship at your throne. We need you more. We need you, Lord. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to him this morning. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you is my desire. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. is my desire. Would that be your prayer today? Just to be close to [Music] you. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is my Is that your prayer? If it is, lift your hand and sing. Just to be close to you. We love you, Lord. Just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. [Music] It's already done. It's already done. Let's sing that this morning. just to be close to him, to be held in the palm of his hand this morning. Whatever your need is, he's got it all in control. He's here to do it for you and I today. It's already done. It's already done. Hallelujah. It's already done. Praise to the Lord. The battle is over and the victory is won. It's already [Music] won. Oh, I say hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I'm already here. Praise the Lord. The battle is over and the victory is won. It's already done. And my family is here. Hallelujah. My family is here. I will praise you [Music] Lord. Is over. Oh, it's already hallelujah. That's a revelation in itself. When you have faith to believe and he can do it, all things are possible in Jesus Christ. We have a lot of needs today and we have several praise reports. We thank the Lord for it this morning because at one time these were prayer requests, but now they're a praise report and we thank the Lord for that today. Amen. And it's good to have brother Tom Ward here today. He and Sister Kim. Brother Tom, will you come and pray for these needs this morning if you'll come? Brother Tom was one of our first deacons that we've ever had in our old church at Maryland and always has a good spirit about him and appreciate him praying this morning. Our praise reports, let's start with them today. Brother Ezra Page says, "I would like to thank the Lord for touching my lower back. It went out on Wednesday morning. By his grace, I'm doing much better." So, we thank the Lord for that. Amen. A praise report this morning from Sister Anita Hogwin. Uh dear brothers and sisters, the ladies at work that requested prayer want to thank the Lord. Uh one uh she is regaining movement in her hips and her knees and so that she may be able to dress herself. The other one uh only a minor setback but she has regained some strength and some uh her wellness and our Lord is here for all those things. Thank you in Jesus name. So we thank the Lord for that. Uh the sister Charmin Smith says, "Thank you for praying for the Rules family. Their baby Matthew was released from the hospital on Friday and he's making a full recovery." So we thank the Lord for that one as well. Uh Brother Ruben Tamlinson says, "I want to thank the Lord for touching my back. I went up for prayer when brother Lindsey McGrady preached and I felt an instant relief uh from a very tight muscle and it was completely gone the next day. And to God be the glory." So we thank the Lord for that this morning. We thank the Lord for our praise reports this morning. He's a good God. He hears and he answers prayer. He says, "Knock and it shall be open unto you. Seek and you shall find what your need today. Just give it to Jesus." Our prayer request this morning, Sister Suzanne Peterson says, "My mom's surgery uh got moved to this coming Tuesday. We are excited for the Lord's provision. Also, my sister-in-law, her name is Julie, and she isn't a believer, but she has a big surgery. She had a big surgery a while back, and the pain wouldn't go away. After multiple attempts to find a solution, they just discovered a medical error was done, and a nerve was damaged. May through this trial she come to know that the Lord is her friend and her healer. Let's remember Julie. The Lord will touch her today. Let's remember her today. Brother Paul Maple says, "My wife has been in bed since Friday, praying for a miracle and healing. Thank you from touch from God for this morning that the Lord can touch her. He is our He is more than able." I say amen to that. Please pray for Brother James and Sister Karen Torren. They're both at home not feeling well. Let's remember them. Brother Ruben Townson says, "Please pray for Candace's ankle. She slipped and fell yesterday and uh she messed it up her ankle up pretty bad. So, let's remember Candace. May the Lord touch her in a mighty way. Uh Caleb Peterson, she hurt her foot. She Please pray that she'll get well quickly as she's at home today. Let's remember her. Let's continue to remember Sister Lorie Snow. The Lord will touch her and give her continued progress to a full recovery. May the Lord touch her. And let's remember Vern and Felina Wallace and Prescuit. They lost their son in a hang gliding accident on Friday. Let's remember brother Russell's sister and sister-in-law and their family. They had five kids and this was the youngest one. His name was Dylan was 27 years old. Let's remember their family today. The Lord would touch them and hold them and be close to them. Let's sing the second verse before we pray. If you want to be healed, claim it. Oh, I'm already healed. Hallelujah. I'm already here. I will praise the Lord. The battle is over. Welcome back. Thank you for praying. Let's go ahead and bow our heads. Gracious Lord, with our heads and hearts bowed, we just thank you, Lord, for your mercy and grace. Lord, we know the victory's already been won, Lord. Father, we just pray for each and every request at this time, Lord. There's hearts that are broken and achen, Lord, through this time. Father, we pray for each person, all the requests, Lord. Father, we just pray that you'll open our hearts to the word as this minister this day. Lord, whatever our needs are, Lord, you know the needs of each and everyone. Lord, let our minds be be observant of the word, Lord. Forget about eating lunch, what's going to happen the rest of the day, but concentrate on the word. You know who's bringing the word this day. It's for ordained, Lord, to open our hearts to the word. Be with each one. And we just ask you in your precious name, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Why don't you shake your neighbor's hand? Tell them, "God bless you and welcome to the house of the Lord." Amen. Amen. Sister Carolyn Hunt has her daughter and son-in-law here. It's good to have them here. God bless you. We welcome them today. Amen. We welcome Brother Peter and Sister Rachel Coffee and their kids here today. Uh any other guests and visitors? We welcome you. Brother Mark Noyga has his parents here today and a cousin. It's brother Ruben and sister Lupe and then Ephine and Beatatric. So we want to welcome you all here today as well. Uh any other guests and visitors we welcome you in the name of Jesus. Amen. We have uh the play tonight that uh the Sunday school or have been working on so diligently and Sister Tina says that all are invited tonight to our Sunday school play presentation. It's about 90 minutes long in scripture and song. Parents, please, please, please have your children here who are participating at 5:00. So, if you're in the cast, 5:00 is what time you need to be here tonight. So, I want to ask the Lord to be with them as they put that on and all the helpers and everybody behind the scene. We look forward to that tonight. That's at 6:00. Unless you're in it, five o'clock. Amen. The Lord's good. Can you say amen? Amen. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Hallelujah. There's a trumpet that's being blown. It's the gospel of Jesus Christ. They rush on the city. They run on the wall. Great is the army that carries out his word. They rush on the city. They run on the wall. Oh, great is the army that carries out his word. And the Lord utters his voice before his army. The Lord utters his before his army. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Tell me in my holy mountain. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Zion. Sound. Blow the trumpet. Zion. Zion. Sound in my holy mountain. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Zion. Oh, sound [Music] me. They rush on the city. They run on the wall. Oh, great is the army that carries out his word. They rush over the sea. They run on the wall. Oh, great is the army that carries out his word. And the Lord utters his voice before his army. The Lord utters his voice before his army. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Sound the alarm in my holy mountain. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Oh, sound me. Blow the trumpet. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Sound the alarm in my holy mountain. Blow the trumpet in Zion. Oh, sound me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm thankful for that gospel trumpet that's still blowing today. Amen. The Lord's good. We have a couple of song specials today, but before we have those, keep on the firing line. We're in a battle. But hallelujah, we're on the winning side. Hallelujah. If you're in the battle for the Lord and [Music] [Music] Christ in the service, he will find no So people you must fight against all or even behind if you go in the right just a soldier you can't trust [Music] And if you were grounded the cross you must say for the master rewarded for your service Here we go. You must fight against all even behind if you win. Just keep on. When we get to heaven, brother will be glad. people. Our bra the soul that we have come to Jesus from the path of the we will So keep on if you would win for God in the rock. [Music] Talk about happy. I'm so happy since I my talk about happy. I'm so happy since I I'm going to walk on. I'm going to walk on. Well, I'm going to walk on those streets of glory since [Music] I walk since I lay my burdens down. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. And I lay my burdens down. Holy Gh my talk about happy talk about happy since I lay my burdens down. talk about [Music] happy since I feel like shouting and I feel like shouting hallelujah since [Music] I sound I feel like shouting hallelujah since I glory glory glory Glory, [Music] glory. Now the sound burning down. Glory glory. I my burdens down. Talk about happy. Talk about [Music] happy. Just lay your burdens down. talking about happy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. If you got a burden today, saint, lay it down before you leave this building because he wants to hold you in his hand. He wants to take that burden that you're carrying. Say, "Cast your cares upon me cuz I care for you." Is what he says. Amen. S, if you'll sing for us this morning. S and Marge are about to leave to head back to Ohio. And so, um, if you, we don't know when they, he might be leaving tomorrow or the next day. So, you might want to tell them bye today, but we appreciate Sal and Marge, their spirit, how they worship the Lord, and how they pull upon the word of God. Amen. Lord bless you, S, as you sing today. Amen. Lord bless them. appreciate you, buddy. Well, we want to say we love you all and my we can't we can't even put words together. My my my just on the way this morning, just driving past a little grave site on the side of the road, a mother and a father, I believe it was, and my heart went out to them. You think about Sunday morning being out there when they could be in an atmosphere like this and overcome [Music] My heart goes out to these people. I almost was going to turn around. In my heart, I said, my just to go share something with these folks. It's real what we have here. These brothers back here, this atmosphere that we have here, that you have here, don't take it for granted, brother and sister. My, they're these brothers are creators. They're creating an atmosphere so we can break through and get out of here. Oh, you talk about rapturing faith. That's what they're building this morning. I'm sorry. I just get excited here. The Lord just I was nervous this morning, but I feel just so good. I love you, brothers. God bless you. God bless each one of you. My [Music] brother by my testimony and the blood of the lamb. I'll overcome one day. I am all the demons of hell. Can't stop this little bride. [Music] She's elected to stand. Yes, she will stand by her bridegroom side. By my [Applause] testimony and the blood of the lamb, I'll overcome one day. I am all the demons of hell. Can't stop this little bride. [Music] She's elected to stand. Yes, she will stand by her bridegroom [Music] side. Beaten and bruised. Saw us. They say many saints lost their lives in various ways for Jesus. They died was a testimony of love. We'll greet them someday at that marriage supper [Music] above by my testimony and the blood of the lamb. I'll overcome one day. I am all those demons of hell. No way. Can't stop this little bride. She's elected to stand. Yes, she will stand by her bridegroom side. Oh, worried and troubled in these last gentile days. Many are the trials we known on our way. But don't you be discouraged. The battle's almost won. And what we are seeing it's the rising of the sun. Hallelujah. By my [Music] testimony in the blood of the lamb. I'll overcome one day. dying. All the demons of hell, they can't stop this little bride. She's elected to stand. Yes, she will stand by her bridegroom side. I said all the demons of hell, they can't stop this little bride. For she's elected to stand. And yes, she will stand by her bridegroom side. [Music] [Applause] [Music] God bless you, brother S. One thing about Brother S, he and I see eye to eye. Amen. Our blessings go with you. Brother Sell, Sister Marge, and uh when when actually are you leaving? Are you leaving? You don't know. Okay. So we'll claim you until you leave. But God bless you all. We greet you in the lovely name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Is certainly a blessing to be a Christian in this hour. Amen. For God to open your eyes, give you the Isab to be able to see the prophecy of what's going on in this hour. Not only to see it, but to be a part of it. Because the Bible says that the testimony of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. Amen. So therefore, if there is a prophetic word, guess what? And it happens in your day, you're a part of it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Why? That's your testimony. Amen. So glad to have brother Tom and Kim Ward with us. Brother Tom, one of our original deacons. God bless you. A real blessing to have you here with us. and Peter Coffee and Sister Rachel. Where are you guys? Stand up so we can they stand up there. Yeah. God bless you. Yeah. She pops up, sits Vic down real quick there. Good to have you guys here. Um, praise the Lord. God is good, is he not? And did you did you read this one of the parents of the Noriega here, Mark? Okay. Yeah. We have here brother Ruben and Lupy Noriega and Ephraim and Beatatrice. They are the parents of Mark Norie and cousin of Mark Norie. Would you stand so we can see who you are? Stand up. Yeah. Come on. There we go. God bless you. It's a pleasure to have you. Praise the Lord. God is good. Amen. I have a baby dedication this morning. And after uh the baby dedication, we're going to go ahead and have a a song special. I am going to request that we have brother Marcel Baya, Sister Jamaima. If they'll bring their little baby up, we're going to sing. Bring them in. and bring them in. But we also have both of the grandmothers. And if the grandmothers are here, would you please come up here during the time of this dedication? Yes. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes. You come stand right up here, Brother Marcel. Yeah. Here come the grandmothers. Amen. God bless you, sisters. God bless you. Amen. Brother Marcel, it just seems like yesterday you was engaged and then you had your wedding. Now you're having another one that God has added to your family. And uh we're just so very very pleased to go ahead and dedicate this baby. Let me read the scripture here. Mark 10 verse 13. And they brought young children to him that he should touch them. And his disciples rebuked them that brought them. But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased and said unto them, "Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of God. Verily I say unto you, whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein. And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them. Amen. Go ahead and come up a little closer here. Come on. It's not this one. No, it's this one. This one is turn. Yeah, I know. He's dead. Excuse what? Amen. Look at this little suit he's got on. Huh? Oh, yeah. You have very beautiful little babies. God has blessed you richly. Amen. They have chose to name Ele and Joshua. Leel is a combination of Eli and L. Eli means my God is God. And Eli and L together is my God is the true God. Amen. Huh? L E L Joshua and Joshua means Jehovah Savior, strong, names of character. That in this hour when all hell has been the lid of hell has been broken off and there is darkness everywhere but God has sent us light. [Music] And this little boy, Elel, may he be one that is a part of this end time move, a part of the move of God in this hour. Let us just bow our heads now if you would please with me. Heavenly Father, I hold in my arms Elelu. My God is God. I pray heavenly father that you will bless him all the days of his life. I pray that you will give him health and happiness. I pray heavenly father that as he grows up in this dark and evil generation that we live in, I pray that you will watch over him and keep himself uh uh safe from all harm. I pray that you will allow him even as his name is my God is God. May he know you. Yes, Lord. May revelation be his uh uh quickening power that he would walk in your statutes and in your ways. I bless El Joshua now back to you for a life of service. Watch over and keep him now, Father, as we dedicate him back to you for a life of service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Sister Linda, do you need to get a shot up here with Huh? Yeah. Yeah. This is a good shot right here. Huh? Yeah. Okay. Bless you. Praise the Lord. Also too, we have here a pastor Nathan Ainga. Is that right, brother Nathan? Come up here. He is a pastor from Johannesburg. How come I didn't see you in Johannesburg? Come over here, my friend. He is from Firstborn Tabernacle. He is quite a singer. So, we're going to ask him to sing a song special. But if you would first greet the people here very quickly, tell us a little bit about you and then please sing a song for us. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. We welcome you. Thank you. Do you need a translator? Yeah, I can try to speak. You can speak to me. I have a broken English. God bless you. God bless you. I'm I'm a French speaker, but I'll try to say something. Um, God bless you. And so I'm Pastor Nathan from Johannesburg. Yeah, we having a little group there. Firstborn Tabernacle. Yes. So I was uh I came this way as I wanted to visit Sabun Canyon and just came from Jeffersonville. Um it was a long journey. Uh I don't feel well on my feet cuz the mountain there was a little bit higher. So, uh, my vos is a bit broken up. I can't sing well. And I used to have my musicians with me. I don't know what I'm going to do. Okay. Okay. Okay. I spoke to Pastor Ron when he came to Johannesburg. We couldn't meet but for him when he comes there is very busy. You know African people always around pastors. So so when he I know he was busy so we couldn't meet. I'm happy to see him here. may always watch or see you over the on streaming and uh God bless you. [Music] Oh okay. So as I say I can't sing in English unfortunately. Um I'll sing in Ningala. So it's one of our language day in Congo. I'm in Johannesburg but I'm originally of Congo. So who is this? Yeah that his name is Eva and he was with me in Johannesburg at church. So he's staying now here. Where are you now here? Oregon. Oregon. Ah he's in Oregon. So he just he just landed here today. You landed today. Yeah. Is he here heard that I'm here? So he just came to see me. Okay. Um, I'm going to sing more of a popular song. It's a amen. Amen. Yeah. Say amen. Amen. H allelujah. Or something like this. It won't be it's not difficult. [Music] Young [Music] Zamb. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh. Amen. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Amen. You can sing with me. Amen. Amen. If you can. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. One more time. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh. Oh. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you. Amen. We can all say amen to the word of God today. Let's stand. This morning we have a guest speaker today from the Congo. His brother name is brother Sam Adair. He'll be speaking for us this morning and uh brother Martin will be translating. So pull upon the gift of God and you will be blessed today. Amen. Amen. We want to thank brother Russell Wallace and his crew for the last week. They worked on the bathrooms on this side over here. And brother Russell lived here for probably Monday through Friday night. So we want to thank Russell and his crew. God bless you. Amen. They did it so the Saints could have more rooms and more opportunity to use the restroom on this side of the building. So we thank you for doing that. May the Lord bless them. Are you looking forward to what God has in store for you today? Casting all my cares on him. You got a care, cast it on him this morning as they come this morning. May we be blessed in the presence of the Lord. I'm casting all my cares on [Music] you. No, you love me. Redemption by blood. That's a great story. Brother Martin, Brother Sim, full [Applause] restoration, full of redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud casting. My redeemer no longer dead. He's risen. And he's coming back for you and me. I believe it this morning. So I've cast all my cars on you. I know you love me. Redemption by love. That's the greatest song. Brother Sam, brother Martin, if you're this morning restoration for redemption. That's what seven eight angels in a cloud. Yes. My my redeemer no longer did his ris. Sing it one more time as they come this morning. Casting all my cares. Casting all my cares on you. You love me. [Music] redemption battle. That's the greatest [Music] story and the restoration. But seven angels in a cloud des he's risen and he's coming back for you and me. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Music] Shalom. Shalom. [Music] You may be seated for a minute. We thanking our God. It's his grace that ged us once again this day. Amen. since last year that we've met and his grace allowed us to meet again today. That's why we thank him. Amen. [Music] We also thank brother Ron because today he has allowed us to be behind his pulpit. It's not given to anyone. Therefore, I thank him. And I thank you also for being here. And I think that God will assist us today and somebody will be blessed. Greet all God's servants here present. I see brother Nathan and his wife. Let's stand to start the service. Uh we'll take our Bibles and uh our God is a God of variety. [Music] We won't preach the same way like brother Ron because since he's a god of variety we'll preach as he has also given us the another variety. Amen. Let's begin with the book of Mark chapter 11. Reading from uh verse 22 to 3 23. Reading in the name of our Lord Jesus. Mark chapter 11. And Jesus answering said unto them, "Have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he have said shall come to pass. It shall have whatsoever he saith. Amen. and we'll I'll finish with first Thessalonians chapter 5 verse 23. Amen. And the very God of peace sanctify you holy. And I pray God are your God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. May say let's say a word of prayer for the while we praying. Lord Jesus Christ, are we calling you on the scene? Our words can kill, but yours giveth life. Therefore, we need your spirit to take hold of us. May your spirit speak to your people and remove us from the pullpit. But you alone may speak. We ask Lord Jesus from the beginning to the end. Let your word deliver. May your word heal. May your word take control of everything. Casting out all evil spirit from here in the name of Jesus Christ. Anoint the interpreter. Start with us from beginning to the end. As we pray with faith, not for our own glory, but yours in the name that knows no failure. Because Baron said that deity is no more in heaven. Deity is on earth. When deity is on earth, it's not on the trees, but deity is in the believers who are film said that the man filled with the Holy Ghost is a mystical person. What does it mean to be mystical? When we say mystical that ties to not only to the spirit but also ties to deity and errors that we have made. We only took that day. We have believed what the word told us that all that was in God and that God pour it in and all that was in Bible and God had poured it in the Bible. But at times we make the weet and we leave it in the prophet and we close it over there and they even take it. We put in the pocket and they live with it. No, there this morning I come and I tell them to bring back the king because they when he was in the prophet. It means that us also we are able to do the very but we our own because if Jesus Christ was the great a If brother and if I am a driver, but the formula has to remain the same. Amen. Can somebody say amen? Amen. Can somebody say amen? There are things that when we look at them, we wondering how did it happen. We said that we also How come can we not fulfill the same thing? Let me tell you all are possible to whom that believe that are possible to whom that believe. Even this morning to say that all is possible to whom that believe. We read in the Bible, we see Philillip in the Bible with the inoc. The Bible says that the Holy Ghost took him from from where he was to somewhere else. Let me ask you the same question this morning. If I had to do it for you, will you call me or you label me anything? But since it's the Bible that say we say amen because it's Philip but we are not to do the same thing. Let me say to tell someone that this morning I came to say to bring something because from a concentration that the mystical will now take over is from a concentration that the faith that was that will be activated. And when this faith is you can now fulfill greater and the people who went deep into there are miracles they do miracles to the degree that people cannot understand how come they do it. Therefore to understand we have to go back to understand first what is the spiritual concentration and to understand the spiritual concentration and we have to be based on the first scripture that we just read. The human being is made out of three parts. We have the body. We have the spirit and we also have the soul. And when we look at from the body and we know that our body is made out of five senses all of us and the five senses are given to us to get into contact with terrestrial body. We have decide to look from it. We have ear to hear from it. We have the meditation and we have the touch to touch with it. But when we leave from this level, I need also already that you understand that these five senses were not given to us to get in touch with God. We see that many Christians they try to concentrate themselves from the five senses. When you when you concentrate only from the [Applause] five that will only be physical exercise that won't amount to anything. But then when we get to the spiritual part of it that you'll see now that the senses differ in the spirit because the spirit also has five senses. Now the sp five senses in the spirit they are different types of senses. Let me read the prophet first. With these senses we'll get in the spirit so you can situate yourself. You'll understand that the symphony will try to change when we get into the spirit. Uh let's take Revelation chapter 4 part 3 uh January 861 paragraph 221 in English the prophet says this says that the soul the attributes of the senses are [Music] imaginations conscience memory ing reason and affection is the senses or the attributes. Listen, the soul is the nature of the spirit that's on the inside. Cause the soul only puts out an atmosphere of what's in the inside of you. It takes place of the sanctification. It's on the same category there. All right. Now, everybody got all that down. You understand that the spirit has senses that are a little bit different, when we speak of the will, when we speak about feelings, when we when we speak of reason and But then my point here is it's not with all those senses but because I'm talking on the spiritual concentration there are elements who are in the spirit able to help you to help you concentrate. Amen. Let me take a a part of it. A sense of the spirit. Let me take conscience. When we take conscience in the conscience, they are a part of subconscious. The subconscious is also in the conscience. You'll see find with the subconscious. You can fulfill anything. You can do anything. But it's to be initiated. When I speak about initiation, I'm speaking of of the Holy Ghost who's the great, I'm not talking about a mercenary. But I'd like you to understand one thing. Because everything that is taking place with magic, it's the devil since impersonating He's impersonating those things and he is doing it because I want you to understand that the genuine it's us the genuine it's us. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because when we go into there's also the thought and the thought is also able of everything. Because I like you to understand this morning because the thought works with the spirit. Because as I'm talking this morning if your thought is at work, even your spirit will also be at work. If your thought your mind is here meaning that even your spirit is here present. Therefore I like your your mind to be here. If your mind is here therefore the word will do something. Now when we speak about concentration you need to understand it doesn't go with the fresh. And this concentration only goes with the spirit. I told you that you cannot concentrate in the flesh because by focusing on the flesh, you'll only be a physical exercise. But concentration is a domain of completely spiritual. Listen carefully. When we speak about concentration, It's the the fact of gathering everything in one place meaning from the spirit you can bring everything together and do greater things because the soul has only one sense and if you have doubt therefore you that's unbelief and if you're a believer and inside of you there's faith listen carefully To get to the soul, you have to go through by the spirit for the spirit to give wayapacity. You must have the ability to focus or to concentrate. Therefore, then the result cannot happen. If you are unable to focus, you will not be able to get to the soul. Amen. Can somebody say amen? Amen. Can somebody say amen? I'd like us to read something that the prophet is speaking in in line of what God has from the foundation of the world has put in the man. Their ability their ability that God has put in a man even if he's a pagan is able to fulfill greater things. because God has placed that thing in him. Let's read the prophet. That's what now will give me the way. You'll understand that the according to what we have read with the prophet makes of you what you are. If in your soul they are seeing you, you are seeing yourself. That's why the Bible say Jesus Christ who didn't know sin but it became sin he became sin not he didn't become sinner why because the state of his soul his soul that was pure was defiled by our sin he became sin Id like to tell you something. All of you have noticed. You have a baby who just who's just born. And when you take this baby even to washing, you take him. You try to leave him alone. You see that the baby is afraid. You ask yourself, this baby is just born. I didn't know that fear exist. This is the answer to the answer is in his soul there's emptiness. Since in the soul there's emptiness. Now fear takes over. That's why the baby who's just born has a fear in it because in his soul there's emptiness. Amen. Can you can somebody say amen? Let's let's go on. Let's take the prophet because it's from here they will be able to take off. The prophet Brandham says the sermon the Messiah. the Messiah. January 17 61 paragraph 92. Brotherham says this here the other other night. I saw on the on a telecast a man a man with a seic mental faith. And I set a glass of water and I stood back and concentrating on that glass of water till it burst. It bursted out. I believe everybody have seen it. somebody who takes the the glass and puts on the the table and he look he steps back and look he concentrate and the the glass and somebody can even look at the light and it looks concentrate on the light and it when we look at we call it magic but then let's go with the prophet the prophet says And it was just by kept concentrating watching the glass of water and the glass cracked and the water ran out just pure mental concentration as the questions why dust is fibers that's the man's nature oritution. That's his makeup. If he can do that, got a power in him by mental thinking that can break a glass of water. And him being a sinner, that shows that there was something made in that man. is in a fallen perverted condition. But if that man can only get back to God and let God get into him, why with that power of that turn loose on the kingdom of God, he didn't have no conductor. He was like a gunshot. He was just as splattered everywhere. But if that spirit that's in a man could be converted and put Christ in there where he's got a conductor. A conductor is a wire that conducts it. Amen. Says amen. And then let a man with that same faith in the conductor of the word of God. Now listen, he says that he can raise the dead cleans the lepers, cast out devils. Brother says, "Amen." And listen to this. Listen. Is fashion like a god. He looks like God. Show. Show what? That's the reason. Listen. Reason God was God. Man was God. And this is his offspring offspring. Man, he's only trying to get a hold of a man. Trying to get a man in his hand. Amen. Can somebody say amen? It is very strong. It's not easy when we read it. Amen. We say amen. But then to fulfill it and that's where the issue now to fulfill it and we have to use the spirit. We have to get into this. That's where you understand the prophet says the truth in the Bible. You've seen there are people who have had issues and these issues have take longer. They could have prayed prayed but there was no solution to it but the day that they took the decision to concentrate and the solution came right away. I'll give you an example. Look at Anna Samuel's mother. She didn't give birth, but the other lady had children. But you'll notice despite of her pray, solution didn't come about. But one day, it was a different day than every other day. Anna took a prayer of concentration. Anna went to and stayed at church inside of Anna. There was all the insult from her. There was all kind of Anna, there was all cry. She gathered all those things and she presented before God. She could not leave a spirit in her in the field of concentration. Don't leave your spirit empty. When you leave an empty spirit, the devil would take over. And when Anna prayed and she prayed in a session, even Eli is not every day Anna prayed. And for this time she has a different and she went to see Anna. Anna, you never prayed like this to have this strength to pray like this. You must be drunk. I say one of you to get into the concentration you must be drunk. But the drunkenness that I'm talking about is not of strong dreams, but the of the Holy Spirit. When you get into that state, you see the solution right away. Yes, it is the truth. Elias asked the question, "You you you've taken strong drinks." He said, she said, "No, it's not strong drinks. But is this the pain is all the worry and the solution was given because she gathered all things in one place. And when she was praying, it was no more an spirit inside of Anna and she was connected to the server and therefore God had only to answer. Yes my brother concentration is a part of the element that you need in your life because with this the ground shows you able to fulfill greater things in the Christian life. I'll give you another example with what happened back home. There was a brother every time when did he has to call the deacon he has to call the pastor for prayer and one day in the middle of the night you know it's not like it's not like you know as it is here here you call the ambulance right away but then with allow I've noted. How come that when there's an issue, we have to think first of the ambulance? A true Christian. When there's an issue first and the ambulance comes after listen you pulling me into something but I'm going to let me tell you something here and this brother when the son is sick right away my child is suffering oh the deacon and now this time now he was around midnight and the child was losing conscious and the brother took the phone as usual. He calls the deacon and the the deacon's phone was off. What kind of deacon is this? He's turning off the phone at midnight and they tried to call now the pastor. He calls the pastor. The pastor's phone was off. while he was calling the the pastor and right away the wife also passes out and now the man alone in the house and he find himself with two people now passing out on the ground and he didn't have any means to do anything now listen to what the brother did he took he test one child it test the child test the wipe their legs. He start praying. Oh eternal God of William Brham. Listen my God. And this has happened just in another day. I called the deacon. His phone is off. I even called the pastor. His phone is off. But I know that your phone is never off. I call I'm asking you before he finish his prayer this child that was stood up before the prayer ended the child the wife that was laying was standing up and the brother understood that even himself he had the ability to talk to God and God was giving answers. Let me test one of you by by times we always limit our abilities to do things because this brother he went into a domain that he has never been into since his birth since he has believed. It's only that day that he went into concentration because at that time it was no more the flesh praying. It was now the spirit that was speaking to God. He was um he was he was desperated. Why did the prophet preacher desperated? Why did the prophet preacher get getting into the spirit? That's where are results. That's where there are results. The brother understood God can also answer me. And when the brother came to it started by saying, I could not imagine myself that God could answer me. How can you not think of me? How did you become a Christian? How did you become a Christian? Meaning that you walking with doubt without understanding that is able to answer your prayer. Yes, my brother. God is able to answer you. That's why he says in his word everyone that is must understand that God is he must have faith that God is and he is the rewarder to them that didn't and that is the first class you cannot come and have doubt that God God can use you. That's right. Amen. Can somebody say amen? Let me tell you something. At times we die with our diseases. We suffer in our issues because there are there's a lack of faith inside of us because we we have lack of ability to concentrate. God's law is simple. God answers to his children by two ways. The first he answers by his own will. You can come to God, God, I have answer. Answer me. I have issues in my business. Answer me. God can say I'll answer according to my will. But I'll tell you in the first step if you apply it you will always be disappointed. But us who are living in the world of spirit. We take the second option. What is the second? By the way of his word. Faith in his word. The right mental attitude. That's why the prophet say the right mental attitude to any promise of God. God is obligated not by his will not tomorrow even now. Now let's read it. That's right. You must understand it because you can put yourself in a in a storage. God comes and you come and ask something to God. And God tells you that I'll answer you in 2030. I'll answer you in 2050 and you'll stay there. We're waiting. 2050. Wait. We not waiting. We getting into another domain. We need that thing right away. Now, now and it will come out. And since you're saying that, you know, I'm waiting God's will. Okay, wait for God's will then. I'm in the sermon, the unchangeable God. Even already the title is a strong one. I can go on record for this. I can go or I can state this morning. If any people will take the right mental attitude toward any divine promises that God has ever made and claim it for yours as for yours you follow. He will. God will bring it to passitude if you'll take the right attitude toward it. Knowing that if God says so, the promise is yours. It is yours. It is your personal property. Listen to this. the very minute, not the day. God is not of tomorrow. God is not of yesterday. God is always taken at present tense is always tells you the very minute you receive it. That way, I'm sorry. the very minute you receive it that way then because Jesus said the word is a seed that is so and a seed if it's a dramatized seed and it goes into the ground then that seed listen carefully you [Music] follow that under the right conditions of the sun and motion will bring forth the life that's in the seed and so is the word of God. If a person can take the word and place it in the heart and give it either the right sunshine, the right temperature, not the su, but says in English, but the s the su n, but the s o n at the right temperature. Uh bear with me with my English here and and the right and the right temperature of faith in that seed and a promise will leave to you just like it did at the beginning to to the one it was given to because it's God's word. And he is the same yesterday, today and forever. Can somebody say amen to the word? Somebody say amen to the word. You see here it is the second option because I know very well. Even while I'm talking, I prayed to God yesterday. May God help me. I don't know your issues. But I know very wellph that I am pro prophesizing. While I am prophesizing there, there's the ability that you who are listening, you listening to this word and believe in don't say that it will happen tomorrow. Don't take the option of the will of God because if you take God's will his will can say that he can heal you today that's the option that can also work well I'll show you in the Bible you know anas anas God's will it was that for him to die the same day king Uh uh what's the name of the king? God's will for him to die to get married because he was going to die. He was God. He sends his prophet. He says he say get ready because you'll die. Ezek looks around say, "Well, I'll leave the earth. My my my child my child is pregnant. I haven't seen my my my granddaughters yet. I still have this project to med." Looked around. You say, "Well, it's God's will." But something crosses mind. There's another option to uh cut around the God's will because God doesn't only have one option. He also has have another one. I'll take the other one and the answer will be given to you and took the other option and he said he said Lord forgive me Lord look you say your word say you are a merciful God Lord you know you you forgive forgive Lord listen God the same God, the same prophet, he had to go back to say that God just a change mind. Instead of you dying today instead of you dying tomorrow, you have 15 years when even the 15 years you have the time to do your project. You have the time to do everything. He took the second option and I can imagine the prayer that was he was not a carnal prayer. He will found himself in the spirit. Oh let me tell you when we speak about concentration you have to put aside everything that is align with your request. You have you have to check only the thing that you have needed. You take it. You look at what the devil has murdered to you. You look at the shame. You look at the humiliation. You look at that issue. And then now the tears start to falling now for you to leave. They can even touch you. But you cannot even speak. Why can't you fulfill it because you are in a different world in that world takes over the flesh because the spirit doesn't always align with the flesh. The flesh to be to have strength you must keep. But in the spirit to be strong you have to fast. always contra contradicting. Therefore, when you get with that world of spirit, you'll always be in the heights. But now I'll give you techniques on how to get into that world. I I've given you one thing. You must gather everything, everything that you have need as request and you have put aside all the rest of things. I say all the rest of things that are not your request and you put them together. Now in that case you cannot be distracted and they pray on concentration. They cannot call you over on the phone. You're praying Lord, Lord. You take the phone and I'm in prayer. I'll call you back. Lord, Lord, Lord, no. That that doesn't even get there. It's just roaming around the room here. You are praying Lord, Lord, Lord. And the child come and start disturbing. I'm praying go back. Lord, Lord, Lord. That is only spinning around here. That's right. Even the words you're saying to God, you must control those words. Your your language is English. Pray in English. God is God of all the languages. Pray in English. That's your language. Pray in such a manner that when you pulling up, let it not be something that is withholding you to so high. If your language is French and don't say that I'll try now to impress people. The fact of you trying to impress people, you destroy you destroying your prayer. You you speak Spanish. Spanish instead of you praying in Spanish and you said that I'll pray in English and when you pray that's the second instead that your mind to be connected to God but your mind is connected to dictionary you try not to adjust the grammar, how to put this how they in English has to adjust in Spanish there already you are already wasting time but pray in the language that you feel that when I pray in this language there's nothing that is holding me to go into everything and I Pray we will never miss brother. The spirit of war it doesn't miss. You can be there like this. You want to go out or you so you feel something tells you like you know don't go out. It doesn't miss. It doesn't lie. It always says the truth. Amen. Now listen, this world here and to explore it it's easy because the prophet has given us advices. There are two elements that can help you to work in that world. The first element is meditation. The second is the thought or your mind. These two elements will connect you. That's right. In that spiritual domain and the concentration will be real that lives in that world. I was uh wondering myself the things that the prophet was able to do. If the Holy Spirit that was in the prophet is in us as believers, aren't we able to do the very same thing even to a to a level to a degree? I understood one thing. When I when I read the prophet, he he lives more in that spiritual world than in this earthly world. But let me tell you, the one that spends more time in the spiritual world is able to fulfill an unachievable things, impossible things. He doesn't need to touch you to lay his hands on you for eternity to walk by you and die in if you have evil spirit. He doesn't need to deliver you. He only needs to speak not only to speak. But the devil can speak and to start talking by itself. Why? Because you spending more time in the spiritual world and that world requires discipline. That's right. You in that domain. You there. You talk a lot. A Christian doesn't talk a lot. That's right. You there all day long. You only talking talking talking that's not meditation your mind must be connected to the word gives you it says then you can raise the dead right then you can cleanse the leopard Then you can cast out demons. When you look in the Bible, you see that one time there was a spirit and there was even a child of the disciples were used to always talk talk always debating and all of a sudden they bring them again. Then they were coming back from the mountain. They've seen all the supernatural. Now imagine people who went eye on the mountain of Jesus. They said if they seen Elijah, they've seen Moses. They've seen all the supernatural, all the great vision. And when they came back down and what kind of things people have seen are us, we are the what we have seen the power and James would say. Yeah. That you're right. Oh, we raise all kind of beds and all of a sudden they bring them a child and this child doesn't work. Yeah, let me I'll pray. Oh, you demon of the devil even worsened the case. Come and try because the disciples said that if you came down from the mountain, we were here. We were we didn't pray much but you came down from the mountain. They tried they tried they they did they fell. Now you'll see you'll notice now that now the words that Jesus now told them that's what attracted me the most. They went to see Jesus master. We prayed the the the devil established they don't want to go out. We were worried. How can we cast out demons? When the devil get involved in others, the word tells us we shall cast out demons and the devil. How come did we apply the word and the word didn't come to pass? Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. It's not a mistake of the question is not the word because many make mistakes. They are accusing the world. It's not the problem of it's not even the pastor's because by looking the pastor, he's a spiritual. He has the Holy Ghost. says when you talk with somebody 5 minutes, you know who you are. It's not even his. It's not the deacon's issue, but it is your problem. What is the level of your faith? What's your faith level? Brother says, "The problem is not what you are saying, but what is inside of you. your faith because you can but in you there's no faith you don't believe the thing won't work Jesus came he said one word and the de devil left the child master we don't understand we did it didn't work Jesus said Until when how long will I how long will I be with you? I am in the concentration. I don't talk much. I always meditate. You always debating and all all kind of things. Peter, you always talk. You always asking questions. But now look, there are demons. that can only live by fasting. There are levels of demons. Now we getting deeper. There are level of demons. There are level of demons whereby requires concentration before getting coming here. Something happened at my church. uh my trustees child [Music] uh drowned in the in the bathroom and uh he passed. Uh the song song leaders went or the singers went to at home. They prayed. The brother went and they did all they knew to do. I tell you that back home we don't know they about the ambulance when it's us something happens to us it's all about ourselves first that also helped us that when there's a problem is first we look to God they tried everything it didn't work they called measure said, "Pastor, here the pastor's child has just passed. We did everything. We see that it doesn't matter." I told them like, "You know, wait, I'm coming. Before meeting, I was at home. I prayed first. I said, "Lord, I refuse this child death. I refuse it. You must bring him back. How come Sunday we coming from church and all of a sudden on it was on a Sunday? How come people will say no do something? I went by the trustees. When I got there, there was all kind of alarms. I took the child. I didn't pray. I didn't pray for the child. I just put him on the bed. I called the child. Paradox and the child came back to life. I am on the pulpit. The child that came back to life in me. I didn't see any failure in me. I didn't see anything that this sh to come back to life. Amen. When we are Christian, the world in which we have to stay is in the spiritual world. Control what you're saying. Control what we meditating upon because it affects your spiritual world. The spiritual world doesn't work like the The spiritual world work with our mind. Amen. Amen. And now keep those two. We're going to read I have 15 minutes. In my 10 minutes, there's something that is going to help you. And now Bernham speaks about Mary. You are you remember that Mary was a 17 year old girl. Mary went to church. The the priest took the the book of the prophecies. He gave the promise. a virgin shall conceive. There were many girls. The the promise could get to anyone, but Mary went into the spiritual world. How did she do it? She left church. She got into her mind that prophecy, a virgin shall conceive a con shall conceive. How meaning a virgin since a girl God said it after a moment she started meditating. It's while she was meditating then the angel appeared and brother even gives advice. If you want the angel to you, if you want the angel to appear to you, think on the word and the angel will visit you. It's not hard. It's not a but it's a spiritual world. I mean the sermon Jehovah of miracles November 26 paragraph 65 67 that will try us to uh and as she was thinking not noticing who was around her. The little lady perhaps had a p person walking along this little dusty path, but thinking of the Lord and of his promises of things to come and the thing of things to come. And as she was thinking and all of a sudden that feeling got so great until she raised up. And when she still she she did standing before I was and standing by the light was Gabriel the angel of the arch. And brother is advising you. If you want angels to appear to you, keep your mind on God of the things of the world. Listen, he said that he doesn't refuse you to go to about go to your business, go to your church, go to washing your dishes, whenever you wherever you are, keep your mind on him all day long and all night long. And a God will do something. You drawing night. You got you got to the You got the world shut. You got the world shut up. You and he are together. Listen says this appearing of the angel frightened the little virgin. She had been taught that the days of miracle was passed. But she had seen something happen. The angel of her I say hail Mary. Hail Mary. Hail Mary means to stop and he had a message for her. And when he's got a message for you and the Holy Ghost, God's angel is here tonight with a message for every believer. Just keep your mind on him. Keep thinking about him. How lovely he is. How sweet he is of his promises. If you sick, get this on your mind. He was wounded for my transgression. He was bruised for my iniquity. The chastisement of my peace was upon him. And by his stripes, I was healed. If your mind planted like that, there something will happen to you all of a sudden. There will be something draw to you. An anointing will come on you and about the church you walk. Draw night unto the Lord and he will draw night unto you. Yes sir. The promises are being fulfilled this. They are taking us somewhere and we have received a message. A super message, a mighty message. And all together we have to be we have to be mighty because even a church it doesn't grow by the church by the church doesn't grow by the number but by the power of God with a few members of the church. You must be able to manifest that power everywhere you be. I say everywhere believe. that get in the concentration pressing on the word of God. Meditate on the word of God. You'll see that God is real. He's able this morning to give you what you have made of don't. It all depends of your attitude. If your attitude is right, is your mind here. Are you meditating on the word? And I believe that what I have destroyed, I declare that he that came here because everything I have, I it's not and then go back without it won't be a good he who has a we can suffering the may give you. I declare in the name of Jesus if you were sick that the angel of the Lord may take care of the situation that elders you may be healed. If you had a situation that you were suffering, I declare every servant that you may go out of here all to free. May the Lord bless you. Wow. Amen. Yes, sir. Our faith has been encouraged today. Our faith has been encouraged today. The Lord is good. Let's stand this morning. Lord, increase our faith. May we step into that realm, not praying just in the body, but in the spirit as well. Amen. The Lord is good. Can you say amen? He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Can you see? He's got it all in control. What a wonderful word we heard this morning. Well, he's got it all in control. But that reassur talked about down in the soul. He's got it all together. We can lift our hands cuz we trust in the Father this morning. My father knows what I need. He's a provider today. My father knows what I need. Everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows my life where we put our trust and our everything. If I put my life, I put my life in his hand. Hallelujah. I put my heart down. So every road I walk down in his I put my life. He's got it all in control. He's got it all on control. He's got it all in control. That reassur in my soul. He's got it all in control. The mystery of concentration, getting into the right channel, the right mental attitude, not woe is me. Why did this happen? But understand that he's got it all in control. Hallelujah. Not asking why is this but what am I supposed to learn? What are you teaching me? And if we will focus, see that's what the concentration means to focus. I love the illustration. Hey, not the cell phone, not anybody breaking in and saying, "Hey, I need to talk to you." No. Focused. focused. [Music] When you get focused on him, things happen. Yeah. Hezekiah, thus sayeth the Lord, you're going to die. Get ready. I like how brother Sam goes. What? Now I want to ask you, yeah, there are two thus sayaith the Lords that are given to Hezekiah. Yes, sir. Thus sayith the Lord, you're going to die. If you stop there, he's dead. Yes, sir. But he focused. He turned his face towards the wall. He put everything behind him and he concentrated and he focused on God. Yes sir. Amen. The mystery of concentration and while he focused while he concentrated while he meditated on the things of God. Here the prophet is going away he gave him thus sayith the Lord. But there is a higher court of appeal. Hallelujah. Why? God is God. He wants to heal. He wants to deliver. He wants to set you free. Amen. If you'll concentrate on that, not on the situation. And when he focused, the prophet had to turn. Yes. Hezekiah. Thus sayaith the Lord. You're going to live. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Faith is the language that God speaks. Not intellect, not knowledge, not science, not education, revelation. Yes, sir. And when you concentrate, you focus Beautiful. [Music] Amen. Amen. How many received something of the Lord this morning? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Now, we just had a prayer request come up here. Sister Josie Robless. She was taken to uh Banner Del Webb Hospital during the church service. She had chest pains and high blood pressure. Can we concentrate right now? Can we focus? How many of you say I'll focus? Let's pray right now. Father God, we focus ourselves and our mind. We bring every thought under the obedience to Christ in the word. And we are thinking right now of Sister Josie, not of the chest pains, not of the blood pressure, but of your word. Your word says that by your stripes we are healed. Therefore, we concentrate. We focus our faith. Father, I speak it in the name of Jesus Christ. May Sister Joseph be completely touched and be made well. We ask it. We speak it. We focus. We concentrate in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Next time you're in a situation, quit looking at the symptoms. Focus. Get into that meditation. Concentrate your thoughts. And when you think on him, he sends angels. You want an angel, think on God. You want a miracle? Think on God. Somebody say, "Amen." [Applause] [Music] Amen. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, that [Music] reur. He's got it all. My father knows what I [Music] need. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. Everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I So what I do? I've put my life in my feet. I put my life in his hand. I put my life [Music] in. So every road I walk [Music] in his hand. I put my life in his hand. Let's just bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, Lord, the simplicity of thy word, when we will just concentrate our minds, our thoughts upon you, when we'll get the right mental attitude, all things are possible. Father, may there be miracle after miracle. Father, not because some pastor prayed or some deacon prayed, but because your people prayed. The body of Christ, the mystical body of God, spoke the word themsself. I pray, oh heavenly father, take this message, let it find the fertile ground of faith. Bring forth much fruit for the glory of thy kingdom. We thank you. We praise you. We ask these things in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God is good, is he not? Hallelujah. Turn around, shake somebody's hand, say God bless you. You did a tremendous job. Tremendous job. Every road I walk down, I'm sure is in his [Music] plan. I put my life in it. Make me glad as we get ready to go. Make me glad. I will bless the Lord at all times. I will bless the Lord forever. And I will trust him at all time. And he has delivered me from all fear. And he has set my feet upon the rock. And I will not be I'll say I'll say I love the Lord. You are my shield, my strength, my [Music] forune, my thy [Music] And oh I in heaven but you and there's not I desire you and you have made me glad and I'll The Lord was my shield, my strength, my [Music] fortune. My [Music] sh my very present in time of need. You are my shield, my strength, my [Music] portion. My shield to sh my very present helping time. Yes, he is my very present help in time. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Remember the play tonight at 6:00. If you're in the cast, 5:00, please be here. Please come. They've put in a lot of time practicing, rehearsing. Please come and support them tonight and be here at 5:00 if you're in the cast. 6:00 for everybody else as we go this morning. You deserve the glory, the honor. He deserves it all this morning. Can you say amen? You deserve the glory. I believe you deserve the glory and the Lord, we thank you for the word we heard today. We lift our hands in worship as we lift your honor and you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our we worship as we lift your voice and we say that you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great through miracles so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one. You are great. You are great. You for you are great. You do [Music] me. There is no one else. No one like you. For you are [Applause] [Music] great. There is no one else like you. [Music] God bless you. Have a blessed day. See you tonight at 6:00. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. [Music] Okay. Oh. [Music] Oh. [Music]
