################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - What House will thou Built Me Pt 4 - Bro. Martin Mulumba - Martin Mulumba.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-24
Title:    What House will thou Built Me Pt 4 - Bro. Martin Mulumba
Speaker:  Martin Mulumba
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwjh9uMFSaM
========================================

Description:
2025-04123 Wednesday Evening Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Younger. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] yeah. Little [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] behave. [Music] Let's all stand. Let's sing that. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the [Music] glory and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. There is none like him tonight. It's good to be in his presence this evening. Before we go to the Lord in prayer, let's sing. I know the master of the wind. Amen. If you have a storm in your life tonight, he's more than able to take control and turn it all around. Amen. My boat of life sails on a troubled sea. Whenever there's a wind in my sand, but I have a friend who's watching over me when the priest turns into a king. I know the master of the way. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm. He'll make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometime I soar like an eagle to the high. Among the peaks my soul can be found. An unexpected storm may drive me from behind, may bring me low, but it will never bring me [Music] down. I know the master of the way. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the Sing the course again. I know the master of the way. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm. Make the sun to shine again. I know he can calm the storm. Yes, he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Amen. So glad I know that master of the wind tonight. Amen. I don't have any written prayer requests, but we have two praise reports. One from brother Matt Matthew Fielding like to ask brother Matthew if you'd come and take us to the Lord in prayer. Brother Matt, he wants to thank the Lord for keeping him safe from a rattlesnake while he was working. He said, "I had my back to it. I was in a very vulnerable position, but God is good. So, thank the Lord for watching over brother Matt. Sister Fionas turned in a note tonight. She says, "I want to give God the glory for resolving an issue I had with my social security card after I started a new job. It could have been escalated so I would have to look for another job. I had to go to the court in several months to resolve as well as some cost. This was causing a lot of stress, but God worked everything perfectly. like only he can. Things got resolved right away without going to the courts, having to spend any money. God is so gracious and he's never too late. Amen. We serve an ontime God. We might think that he's showing up late to meet our needs, but everything is in his timing tonight. Amen. If you have a need tonight, you just want to lift that up before the Lord, ask for the mat to take us to the Lord in prayer. Let's bow our heads and pray. Dear heavenly father, we thank you for this night, Lord. This time to gather around your word among friends and family, believers of like, precious faith. Lord, truly, Lord, I thank you once again for my own lips, Lord. Thank you for protecting me. It can be a very scary thing. Thank you for being with Sister Fiona and her social security card issue. Lord, the worldly things and you have it all in control, Lord. Like the song says, you're the master of the wind and may you be the master of our hearts and our minds. this evening. Lord, let us enter into worship into praise. May you be pleased with it, Father. And just give us more of you and the revealing of your word to us tonight, Lord. We pray you be with the minister tonight, Lord, and each one of us as we hear your word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Amen. It's good to be in the Lord's house tonight. Once again, I want to welcome our visitors. Ginsky still have family with them and brother Yessa has family with him tonight from Belgium. Brother Sephole from Edmonton and the Simsons from Saskatchewan. So we want to welcome each one here tonight. And we want to invite the Lord to come and have his way and trust that he'll feel welcome. Amen. You ask me why I'm happy tonight. My sins are gone. How many can confess that tonight your sins are gone. Praise the Lord. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, good enough for me. Praise God, my sins are gone. Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from no in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and he tries to make me down, I say my sins are gone. You've got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. I'm living now for Jesus. Happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I know my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise [Music] God. Oh, praise God. My sins are gone. Hallelujah. Oh, I have found a love that pardons. And I have found some stripes that heal. And I have found strength for my weakness. I found grace to cover all my sin. Oh, it's in Jesus. Oh, it's in Jesus. It's in Jesus. He is the one. He's a rock salvation. He's a firm foundation. It's in Jesus. Oh, he is the one. And I have found a friend and savior. I have found someone to care. I have found joy, peace, and comfort. It's in Jesus. He is my friend. Oh, it's in Jesus. Oh, it's in Jesus. It's in Jesus. He is the one. He's a rock of salvation. He's a firm foundation. It's in Jesus. He is the one. And I have found a blood that covers. Oh, it was spilled at Calary. [Music] And it has taken all my sins away. And now I praise his name. Oh, it's in Jesus. Oh, it's in Jesus. It's in Jesus. He is the one. He's a rock salvation. He's a firm foundation. It's in Jesus and he is. Sing it with chorus once again. Oh, it's in Jesus. Oh, it's in Jesus. It's in Jesus. He is the one. He's a rock of salvation. He's a firm foundation. It's in Jesus. He is the one. Hallelujah. Old course I was thinking of today. Oh Lord's in the power just now. How many want him to come and fall upon us tonight? I received a text from brother Robert that brother Emanuel and sister Deborah have a special force tonight. I don't see brother Emanuel, but if they're here and they want to try and get ready while we're singing this. Amen. Let's just sing the chorus. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize it. Sing it again. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. And baptize one more time. Oh Lord, send in the power just now. Oh Lord, send in the power just now. Oh Lord, send in the power just now. Baptize [Music] everyone. Amen. Welcome, Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Amen. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Cuz you're the living water, the everflowing fountain, comforter and counselor. Take complete control. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. You're the living water cuz you're the living water. The ever flowing fountain, comforter and [Music] counselor. Take complete control. Welcome, Holy Spirit. [Music] We are in your presence. Fill us with your power, inside of Praise the Lord. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Brother Emanuel and Sister Deborah aren't here, but William has a special force of will. If you want to come and bless us with a song tonight. How many are looking forward to what the Lord has in store for us tonight? Brother Martin will be speaking and always enjoy brother Martin and just want to pull on the word tonight and if you have a need tonight just pull all that much harder the Lord will come on the scene to meet each and every need. Amen. [Music] My sleep is gone. My heart is full of sorrow. I can't believe how much I've let you down. I dread the pain that waits for me tomorrow. When the sun reveals my broken dreams scattered on the ground, please forgive me. I need your grace to make it through. All I have is you. combat your mercy, Lord. I'll serve you until my dying day. Help others find a way at your mercy. Lord, please forgive me. I can't believe the God of earth and glory will take the time to care for one like [Music] me. But I've read the Bible. I read that old old [Music] story how he pledged for my forgiveness while dying on the tree. Please forgive [Music] me. I need your grace to make it through. All I have is you. I'm at your mercy, Lord. I'll serve you until my dying day. No others find a way at your mercy. Oh, please forgive me. I need your grace to make it through. All I have is you. I'm at your mercy, Lord. I'll serve you until my dying day. Help others find a way. I'm at your mercy, Lord. Please forgive me. [Music] Praise the Lord. Thank you, William. So glad we serve a God that's rich in mercy tonight. Amen. Let's all stand as we prepare to turn the service to brother Martin. Amazing grace, my chains are gone tonight. Amen. You can testify that your chains are gone tonight. Lift your voice and worship him and give him the praise that he's worthy of. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. Was blind but now I see. [Music] was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears freely. How precious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior ransom me. And like a blood his mercy [Music] praise, unending love, amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. He will my shield and portion be as long as [Music] life. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior, yours ransom me. And like a blood, his mercy praise, unending love, amazing praise. The earth shall soon dissolve and snow. The sun forbear to shine. But God who ware me belong will be forever mine. [Music] My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my save. Yours ransom me. And like the blood his mercy brings unending love. coming once again. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been free. My God, my savior. Yours ransom me. And like the blood his mercy praise unending love. [Music] Amazing grace. Praise the Lord. Yes, father. It is an amazing grace that has uh ransomed us from uh this world that we couldn't know and find our way around. Father, but it please you in this hour to pour out your amazing grace unto us. Thank you, Lord. The world could never given us any path, any chance. The world as Lord taught us to be one thing, Father, but you came and you revealed the mystery of who we are, Father. Thank you, Jesus. In this hour, Lord, this precious word that you are opening and detailing day by [Music] day. It's only grace, Father. Amen. It's not because we are any better than any person out there, Father. That's right. Many have done greater deeds than we have, Father. Lord, but Lord, you said, "Fear not, little flock. It pleased the father to give you the kingdom. Thank you Lord. Once again father we want to sit at your feet and learn from you Lord. As Lord you bringing us Lord to our mind to the question what house will thou build me? After such a grace has been bestowed upon us. What house are we building unto you? But it also pleased you to come and reveal it, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Not unto ourself, Lord, to find our way, Lord, because the world has been built for many years, Lord. And all the houses made by men has been destroyed on over and over again, Father. But Lord, this house that you are building according Lord after the image of God himself will not be destroyed but will stand forever more. Yes. We're looking away lo to another portion tonight. May you go with us along the way. talk, Lord, and we may sit in love and respect and in reverence and humility before you and rejoicing and prayer and supplication, Lord, for you, Lord, to reveal unto us more and more, Father. Yes. As we look away unto you in thy word, we ask and pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless us tonight. Uh once again want to thank uh everyone for making it to the service tonight. Not to keep us standing a lot. We'll just go into the Bible. Uh probably go have a short reading rather than taking Exodus 25. Let's go directly to first Peter 8 uh 5 verse 8. Thank you musicians. Thank you brother Mark for this song service and uh brother Billy wonderful songs by God's grace. Amen. Believe that uh all these songs uh go with us along the days as we listen to them at home and keeping us in the heavenly atmospheres. Amen. Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour, whom resist resist steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. But the God of all grace, who have called us unto his eternal glory by Jesus Christ, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, establish, strengthen, settle you, to him be the glory, to him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. While uh you are seated, let's take the book of Exodus chapter 25:31. And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold of beaten work shall the candlestick be made. His shaft and his branches, his balls, his uh um knots, his flowers shall be made of the same. and six branches shall come out of the of of the side of it. Uh three branches of the candlestick out of the one side and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side. Uh once again we'll be trying to cover we'll continuing with uh what we had started here. What house will thou build me? And uh I believe this will be part four and uh we'll be uh covering a little bit of the second part the second portion of the tabernacle which is u the holy place. Uh we understand that u these are broad subjects but we'll not make uh lengthy uh coverings of all these areas. So we'll just uh touch the principles of it that can uh help us drive and understand and dig deeper as the Lord allows to each one of us. But God's grace um we have uh started with uh this subject by God's grace from the beginning of the year or uh beginning of the year by God's grace and uh over this time God has given us the grace [Music] to go about seeing how the promise was given to Abraham. Abraham, all the children of Israel, how they were in Egypt, and the Lord told them to choose from the sheep and the goats and they had to make the choice because the life of the sheep or the lamb had to be a protection has to be the opening way for all the journey ahead because God came to the prophet and told him to bring the people to come and build him a tabernacle. so he can be worshiped among the people. And we understand that the prophet takes all those uh shadows and types and and brings it onto our level. It's not an historical uh speech of uh uh the tabernacle in the wilderness, but we talking of these tabernacle that we are of the Lord. And as the Lord covers uh this tabernacle that he's uh wanting to build upon us uh around us, we understand that we are product of our father and mother physically the prophet says. But nevertheless, he comes around to use that tabernacle to uh build forth a tabernacle that he himself the Lord Jesus Christ can come and dwell. And uh such a element can is very profound because uh along the ages um nobody has seen God, nobody can touch God, nobody can come around God, anybody that can see God will die. But nevertheless, it pleased the Lord that because he had all these types and shadows in the Old Testament and in the day of Jesus Christ, he came and uh shed his own blood for the tabernacles to come for him to come and dwell within. And as we look the book of Exodus and the book of Leviticus very profound uh with about this subject but uh to a certain degree people will believe yes Jesus died for us and the tabernacle of God will be uh with men and all these things. But then when God start fulfilling this prophecy, then people start having questions because those things that were never seen being done in the human flesh becomes so great to the point that people are unable to reconcile. But then God, every single time that he does something, he doesn't literally repeat the same thing, but he always have some changes to his plan, but his principles remain the same. Amen. Because in the wilderness, he built the tabernacle in Exodus 40. Uh the pillar of fire came down in the tabernacle. The tabernacle didn't explode because God came down. But then when people look they say like you know now Moses you're just trying to make yourself God you're trying to just have an authority upon us but then that principle God will remain with that principle the same the same way that God went into Genesis when men and Adam and Eve fell brother say the man stepped out of the bowl of light and took the lamp and swle it and covered the uh Adam and Eve. And that same principle goes on into Genesis 14. God comes down and veils himself in the flesh and uh takes the bread and wine and gives to Abraham. God didn't expose either, right? And then he goes on to Genesis uh um 18 and comes and talks to Abraham. Butam says in one of the quote he says like you know those three people was the same person. Amen. And he goes on and turns around it say like you know the one that said with Abraham was Eli Elohim the self-sustaining God. Amen. And this all this time, God was using materials that were made taken out of the dust in order for him to have communion with the people. Amen. And the Lord comes back around and comes down in the form of the angel speaking to Manowak wife and said that hey drink take no uh alcohol and all kind of strong drinks because you're going to conceive a son. Brother Brham said that the angel of the Lord came down. The Lord Jesus Christ stood there and spoke with them. God didn't explode either. And then he comes back around in the time of Jesus. In the time of in the days of Jesus, they call him Belville. He turned around and they called him like he's a bastard. that yet the fulfillment of the prophecy that they were looking for because when Moses took the stone and break the the the tables, there had to be a change of administration or the change of ministry. And when God saw that it was enough of me always trying to contend with men, he say I have to come and live in them. And he gives the promise. said, "I will write my laws on their heart." I will give them a new spirit. That's right. Because as always, I'm always outside of the tabernacle, it's always a contention. Amen. When the pastor of a church or the father of the church is not in a good relationship with the family, it's always a contention. I don't agree with your dad. I don't agree with my pastor. I don't agree with the prophet because that all of them they don't have the same spirit right and since they don't have the same spirit it it's always contentions we look around the world that's what is happening we see countries rising against one another communist against capitalist and against socialist and back and forth why because the spirits are trying to find who is greater among them. And here we are now in Jesus' time. Jesus come about and sheds his blood and comes back around and speaks and meets Paul along the way. And he started using Paul, the great man that the Bible has ever seen. He took the Old Testament and reconciled it with the events that the uh the Pharisees and Sadducees could not reconcile. Amen. To know what kind of ministry was living among them. And so it is the challenge in this day people who are called to be Christians standing with the word with the Bible with all the understanding to be able to reconcile. What kind of ministry have we received in this hour? And in order to know when God takes the turns to use the bride form to fulfill the rest of the uh prophecies that are contained in the Bible. Amen. And when we see all these things around us, when people try to avoid what the ministry has come and been fulfilled from 1909 to 1965, then all of a sudden the church is weak. Amen. The church now will turn to psychology to science in order to find a holding place in order for them to find a way to know what they are. Amen. So it is when the church turns now to the to psychology and all the great understanding and knowledge then they start questioning who is God? Why should we have a pastor? Why should we listen to one? Why should I pay my tithe to somebody that I don't see? I'm giving it to a man. I'm not giving it to God because I don't see God. Why? Because the principle from Genesis that God will had to veil himself amen in a flesh in a certain form. Because God will never come down in a form of a cat. He will never take the form of a dog. Amen. He will always use human beings. Yet human beings now trying now to walk away from their promises to give their responsibilities to AI and machinery in order to do that work for them. Amen. Therefore, the Lord comes down and said, "What house will thou build me? a house of mechanical devices of roads and psychology of all these things. No, but it says like you know it says this tabernacle Moses you go down and you tell the children of Israel that came forth and chose the lamb by their own choosing. Amen. And came and gave willingly to build me this tabernacle. every single stage that I am bringing all these elements in order for them to build the tabernacle not after their own understanding but according to the pattern. Right? And here the pattern now in the holy place in the middle place we understand we have uh the candlestick and we have the table the the the table of shoeb bread and we have the table of incense and and all these things covers a lot as I said a lot of uh materials and stuff but we don't want to take two five 10 15 services into one area but instead I'm hitting the presence principles that will drive the understanding of all those areas. Amen. Because the candlestick shows us is the type of the seven church edges. The candlestick is the top of the mind. The candlestick is the type of the spirit. We understand as human beings we are body uh body, spirit and and the soul. And each stage represent the reason why I'm even taking the candlestick specifically is to show forth why the spirit why this second stage of the tabernacle had to be specifically the spirit and the spirit is made of verbam shows us out of five uh outlets or channels and imaginations memories memory, affections and and conscious and and so forth. And these five elements, each one of us possesses it. Amen. From our birth, we are trained to learn how to memorize and to learn how to have affections toward one another and things. And at times now the result that our imaginations the way we understand life around us is the result of uh what our countries or our cultures I'm quoting the prophet has made out of us. Amen. Allow me not to read everything. I'll just I'm flying over but references of all this. you take uh the greatest battle ever fought in enticing spirits, those two messages should be able to tie everything that I'm saying here by God's grace. Amen. And all these five senses or five outlets that we have been given onto is the result of our first birth. We can have more affections based on the fact that I can remember this is my wife. I can have more affections to somebody that I grew up with. Comparatively to somebody that just walks up there, you might not even have affection for him. You look at him, you can spit on him, you can have him locked up, you can have him destroyed or killed because you cannot relate to him. At times we see that in the street somebody comes to you help me brother and said I am not your brother because our conscious doesn't tell us that he is your brother. Amen. because our memory doesn't bring back that this person I'm acquainted to and therefore that's the type of world that we are in today and that's where all the psychology comes into play. You have more affection to somebody who has more intellectual who can uh resolve the things of the world and bring solutions to things and you can go all the way to defend him and may have all the public show for him. Why? Because our spirits has been shaped like that. Amen. Our memories has been filled with all kind of things. Amen. We go and we watch all kind of movies and you learn how to be affectionate toward a woman based on what you've seen in movies. Right? If he doesn't come and open the door for you is not a gentleman. Where did you learn it? From TV. Sir, nowhere in the Bible it shows you that Philip walked next to uh the inotropia that did that. But then when we looked when we use our eyes and we saw those things, it was very captivating and our memories were sealed with those things and it becomes second nature to us. Amen. We do those things by the fact that oh that's how it is done. Don't you know you have to buy me this big ring? Don't you know that you have to be on your knees? You have to kneel for you to ask me in marriage. And if he doesn't do that is m what's the word message? Um misogyny. What's the word again? Mogistic. Why our affections were driven by a background in the world that you lived in. If you lived in an area where there's no TV, there's no such thing. You go to the elders before you have went on before you. How do you talk to a girl when you don't know how to pray? You go to the to the pastor. You say, "Pastor, how do I pray?" That's right. So did the disciple went to Jesus teach us how to pray. Amen. Because the affection the the conscience the memory had to be affected by a certain teaching and all of us we are the product of that. Amen. When you come in the message we find that we have a certain pattern of talking in the message. And when you come in the message we everyone has to say brother Bam say brother Bam say brother Bam say and that's the our memory reminds us that if I need to appeal to the congregation or to somebody yeah brother bam is saying that then the memory of the one I'm talking to realizes that oh that's brother Brenham that's not my brother and that has become culture among Instead of the word being recognized when as Jesus said my sheep he know my voice can recognize the word. Amen. Now we have slogans in order to trigger that memory in us to know that that's the word and that has become a part of us. And when you go from one church to another, they have a different type of teaching, different place of focus. Some places is a more uh um uh church order focus and other places more um place of a woman focused. All these things are showing us the world in which we are living in. Amen. When you come and you can see how friendly the people in the church are. Brother Brham says, "Watch the spirit." Look at it on the pulpit. You come and you see the pastor so friendly. Look at the church. Quickly, you'll find that they're all alike. If the pastor is so hard and very direct and the things quickly before you see it, that's the seed that is being swed in the land. Amen. And here we are brother now or the Bible I'm taking the principle now of the Bible in Brana it shows that you know this spirit he said make it of a beaten work that the candlestick that we are given here is made of a beaten work. Amen. And this memory and stuff, brother is now bringing out a principle that I looked and I said, "Wow, this goes beyond nations and cultures and anything that we have ever heard or ever seen because this spirit veram or the prophet is showing us that we are the Lord wants to build a tabernacle and this tabernacle is making it in a certain manner. We had seen about the body and the body had to be made of in a certain uh taken care of in a certain conditions. No printing on the body, no defiling the body and all these things is preparing that tabernacle for himself. Amen. And now we understand that all of us are born and our backgrounds and everything that we just seen we have all a certain spirit and that spirit some of us are born with that spirit yet we are sons of God because Baron says that each one of us at the time of our birth not the spirit yet but the seed of God was sitting there standing standing next to our mothers and waiting for the body to come out in order to get in. So God for knowledge knew us before the foundation of the world knew that that body that's mother and father will direct them to come and meet in a certain time and bring forth thy seed in order to produce the body that we are. And at the very time of our birth, God takes a part of him and puts in us. And that's what we call soul. A part of God. Praise the Lord. But yet it's we're not talking about the soul yet. And God now is showing us that in the body then we have the spirit enticing spirit. Brother Bam is showing us here paragraph 37. I want to speak on enticing spirit which will be really titled demonology. You hear so much about demons these days, but you hear so little about how to get rid of it. We all are well aware that there's devils, but the next thing is how to get rid of that thing. And now there's uh by have by God's grace much opportunity to deal by God's grace much opportunity to deal with these things called demons and meeting them at the platform uh and in a daily walk and why I would like to look into the scripture this morning and uh and find out just what those things are. the same sermon 39. This morning we'll talk we'll talk about demons in a spiritual form in the soul. They're in the soul the same as they in the body. And the and and we are bound to admit that we see them in people's body such as cancers and different diseases and in the human body. The same way those spirits are working in the body, the same way they are also in the soul, they are also in the spirit. Amen. And now these demons understand, brother Brham says that the devil is not what they showing us that the devil has a tail and and some roof and some some fork of of of something. He said, "No, no, no, no. He's very intellectual. Amen. He's very wise. He's very cunning. And the Lord is coming now to show us those demons in people's bodies. As we are walking around the spirit as I just broke it down that some of us we come to church we took the church spirit rather than God's spirit and then God comes around and said I will give you a new spirit because some of us from our backgrounds we don't even like ourselves I'm quoting brother Brennham he said like you At times we don't even get along with ourselves. Amen. I don't like my hair. Now I am very complex because I think that the next sister or the next brother is much better than I am. And God say I have to give you a new spirit. Amen. That new spirit is not the Holy Ghost yet. And now he's placing that we need to understand that this spirit is to get us along in order for us to quieten us a little bit because everything that we were being we were everything that we were born and our cultures and all the history and all the things that the more we go into history with all with our old spirit. The more we are disgust and the more we hate one another, the more we uh we don't like one another. Because the more you go into Israel without the Holy Ghost, the more you become judgmental. Amen. The more you start to question everything. Because you just can't find your way. Right? You find all kind of writers and this one says one thing and tells you all these things here. This is one thing that uh I've seen in the libraries. Depending on the library that you've ever been to, if you look at the way the libraries are set, they limit the your uh your point of view. They can have give you a certain fictional world love and this guy and went and he murdered this this person and and he did this here and in your entire life now you are living in a fictional world. Oh, I'm waiting for the prince to come. When the prince will come, he will talk this way. He will have so much money and all these things. What is that? Library, books and and all these things and the product that comes out of it and uh the other fellow that comes to it if it doesn't match that fictional world, it's a disappointment. Amen. Just as we come to when we come to church, we come to look for God of miracles according to our understanding, we look for him. God help me. I I need to come to church and they have to help me. If they don't help me, that means that God is not among us. Because our mind was already inclined based of our own understanding. That's why the Bible say lean not to your own understanding. Amen. By leaning to our own understanding. Here we are. We find ourselves struggling day and night. I don't think brother Brandham is good. I brother Brandham has made mistakes here and there. God say no no no no. I'll give you a new spirit. Amen. Thank you Lord. And this new spirit is made out of beaten work. Amen. And the beaten work is not an easy path. To make a beaten work, it takes time. The beaten work is in a a very long journey. God comes and tells Moses said like here's the tabernacle. Here's the vision. God comes and tells the bride, you are my bride, but you have to come up higher. And now that journey to come up higher, it's not a overnight walk. Unfortunately, that's right. Many came to the message 1977, the rapture's coming, everything will be done. Before they know it, it was 19 uh 1980. Then it was 1990. that now because they had not received yet a new spirit, they walked away. It was not even yet the Holy Ghost because if they had received a new spirit, that new spirit, brother Ram said, will help you to always believe what God says. Amen. will bring all the imaginations that we have, all the memories that we have into a different perspective than what we have ever thought it could be or will be. Right? Because God said to the children of Israel, stay behind the ark because this path you've never been there before. But yet the children of Israel wanted to find their own way. Amen. They came into the land. They looked at the rest of the nations. They say, "We want to be like the rest of them." But Ron says it is like for the young people. He said like, you know, I went I went there to to the museum and they were talking about David Crockett or somebody like that. He said like, you know, look, they said like, you know, he killed a bear at 3 years old. They said like, you know, that's such a nonsense like that. You say you see that's where the young people find the refuge to go and learn of all those kind of things quickly you refresh your mind you say oh but then they were reading those books and going to those cinemas and today now those things have changed into all kind of apps of movies and entertainment and all these places people are going to without realizing That by exposing ourself to those things quickly we are turning into the image of those elements. Be our memory stems. Our imagination is stems. Then we start understanding that oh affection is this way memory you should be this way. Consciousness has to be this way. But that was not it. Bam is showing us that disease here is in the people. Enticing spirit paragraph 90. Uh among among a lot of people we find where emotions and so forth they become tattling backbiting and all kinds of ungodly things. But brother uh brother does sulfuric acid in the church. It's demon power spirit of men and women who who who get one another and try to push off and say this is not right. This is not right and that's not right. If you chase it down, nine times out of 10 is the very person making the stir that's not right. Amen. because of all the imaginations and all the ideas that we have it turns us into a different person then we start going around oh you know you know you are this you know people like you you know you deserve this and people like you cannot hang out with such a people and people like this and you bam says nine times out of 10 you trace it No, it's the person himself because the person has a complex somewhere right the person wants to build a society lift himself above the stars of God and when you trace it back who started it the devil himself. Amen. And brother says like you know the same spirit is the demon in the people. But glory be to God. God said, "I will give you a new spirit." Thank you, Lord. We can find ourselves even ministers on the pulpit. Oh, that doctrine is not right. That doctrine, that doctrine, that doctrine, this doctrine, that doctrine. Then what doctrine? Nine times out of 10, here's the problem. Amen. He's trying to we'll read the quote but he's trying to find his way in the heart of the people. It is the same thing as we have covered on the the ministries of ministry of of the sanctuary. the sons of Aaron, the son of Eli, how they were finding their ways into the women in the church and and coming to offer a a different offering than what God has uh uh required them to do our imaginations and our mind and our spirit and being all these things here. That's right. It says, "Amen. God hates discord among among brethren. Be reverent. Be holy. Love God. Stand by him. As long as you know your life is diving up with the Bible, with purity of heart, listen to this. with purity of thought, love towards your brother, trying your best to build up the kingdom, to build the tabernacle, and doing those things. Listen to this. dressing right, living right, talking right, going right places, then you can have all the emotions you want to and everybody will believe it. Amen. As we are this tabernacle, the focus of the church. No, I can't put I can't I can't I can't leave the extensions because my hair you follow behind a complex idea behind it and that's it spirit. Brother says like those are demon oppressions on the people. Amen. That's right. I am sure I need to put some high heels. You follow that a complex spirit behind it. Right. Oppressing the people. the same message. Paragraph 50. But when your confession says one thing, listen to this, and your life leaves another, there's something wrong somewhere. Amen. There's something wrong somewhere. This is not something to come and push on a brother or on a sister. Sister, you need to dress this way. brother, you need to dress this way. But as we just read, brother says like, you know, people are invaded by these demons. At times, we hear so much about them, but then how do we get rid of them? We find that all these invasions, we see them in the form of high heels and and painting the nails and coloring the hair and all these things despise of the promises of God. What we see that behind there there is a spirit hidden. Amen. And because now it has become society has stemped our mind that a good hair looks this way. Everybody follows that, right? Because society has said like you know lifestyle has to be this way. Everybody follows that. Why our spirit being taken over by invasions? That's why brother preaches the message the invasions of the United States. And when you listen to that sermon, it it literally shows you that that came from Hollywood. And Hollywood is the televisions. It's today is all the applications that we have. is the flow of information in one shape or another in in a in a certain influence in the church in the home. Try not to keep up with the drone. He has a car. Give me a car. She has a new phone. Give me the phone. He has a a new a uh some new shoes. Give me some new shoes. The people traveling. Let us also travel. Why? Because it's demon possession to a certain degree. Amen. Don't you see that one? Don't you see that one? Don't you see that one? Don't you see that one? Oh, this one is the issue. Oh, we shouldn't be listening to him. Oh, he is the problem. Oh, he has done this. Nine times out of the 10, it's not all the pointing fingers, but it's all the four, five fingers pointing back. Amen. Ah brother, do you do you really believe this? H do you do you do you do you I don't really like this type of people around me. The problem is not the people. That's right. The problem is you William Brham say the greatest enemy of William Brandham nine times out of 10 and this is the greatest battle ever fought. Amen. to say, "Lord, this tabernacle that you have given me, this portion of land that you have given me, I'll take care of it. I'll protect it despite of all that the world has to give to us. But I'm taking this here." That's because you've got an intellectual faith continues. That's because you've got an intellectual faith and not a faith from your heart. And that shows that outside here is a knowledge of God. We know about the message. We read about the message. But inside is a demon of doubting. That's right. That's right. A demon of doubting. I believe in divine healing. I believe Brother Brandham is the prophet. But it's not for me. Brother Brham said like cover your body but it's not for me. Brother Brham said pay your tithe but it's not for me. Why? Because it's a demon of doubting. And when that demon of doubting takes its place before you know it it becomes a natural thing for us. Yeah. Why? No. No. No. No. The preacher the church. No no no. I can't I can't give my money. No, no, no. Respect my parents. Why you? No, no, no. The law says I'm 18 now. I'm free. I can do anything that I want. Yet we grew up in the message. Yet we grew up in the church. We know all the quotations. Yeah, I know that. Oh, brother. I've heard that quotation. What is that? A demon of doubting behind all those things. Amen. We listen to the word. We listen to the word intellectual faith. We have the knowledge. Even look at what society does. It comes and tells you, "Oh, somebody like you, you have high IQ. You have great memory. You are so affectionate. Oh, you care when people are rejecting the homosexuals and transgenders and oh, you are so affectionate. They come and even they prime you they give you all the decorations like in the case we see in the businesses they give you a triple triple A uh that's why triple a monk a a good rating all now all that community oh are we recommending this business right then when you look at yourself how far we have gone But glory be to God because he has called us to be his bride. There's a way back. Thank you Lord. There's always a way back. Despite of where we can find ourselves in this condition, that condition, there's always a way back. But then when you hear my voice, the Bible say, harden not your heart. Amen. as in the temptation when they tempted God, God opened the earth and then swallowed them up. That's right. And the earth is the representation of the flesh. You will turn, you'll still come to church and you'll still be doing everything that so-called the Christians are doing and all these things, but then you already done, you've already passed the demarcation line. But that's not what God is looking for onto us tonight. He said like you know what what kind what kind of house are we building onto it? Amen. It's built according to the word revealed word of the of the hour. Get it brother say uh uh that's not for me. H it could be so but I don't believe it. Get it? Outside you say yes. Inside your conscience you said no. I don't know if the quotation is there brother enticing spirit paragraph 40 is the one that we have there if you can project for the brother the same scientific thing that would prove that wasn't right uh that wasn't right prove it now the new spirit now this new spirit that god he's giving unto us Ephesians church age but not only is the candlestick of of gold is of beaten gold. Handcrafted of beaten gold according to her blueprint which were was spirit given outside of the of the Lord and master Jesus Christ was ever people so beaten and purged as the bride of Jesus Christ. Surely she is filling up the suffering that Christ has left behind. Her goods are despoiled. Her life is in jeopardy. She's accounted as sheep for slaughter. She is killed all day long. She suffers much. But in uh in it all all retaliates not. Neither does she cause other to suffer. Worthy of the gospel is the lovely bread of Jesus of Christ. And as gold is malleable, whereas brass will will break with with the beating, this gold of God will bear her suffering of for the Lord, not bowed, not broken, not destroyed, but formed as a thing of beauty and a joy forever by the trials and testing of this life. The prophet is showing us that this candlestick that represent our spirit. He said that this candlestick is made out of beaten work. Amen. This beaten work it shows us that this is by the trials and testing of this life. While the world is pointing you to into one directions, the word come say you know no take the take the other. When the world takes right and he says take left. It is a great battle. Amen. It is not easy. Right now when you go to work and when you go to school as a young man or young girl and you see the entire class and dressing in pants and and having hearings and and necklace of all kinds and and you find yourself in there but say those are the trials. That's right. Those are the challenges that you have to face in such a simplicity is showing us hey look this situation that you finding yourself in while this business deal tells you oh it's okay you know those people you know we you don't need to worry you won't see how you know the whole deal will happen you'll just have your return on your investment will be just $100 100fold or 200fold. He is so cunning. Yes. At times that's where the the beauty of the word, the revelation of the word that if I'm a businessman, the investment that I'm I'm breaking into, the Lord takes you a little bit deeper than that. Amen. before you know it. Oh no, I thought like, you know, the business was a good idea, a good business and I can put my money and and I can have hundfold and stuff. You want a business to gain to gain it overnight. There's no such a thing, right? True. You don't make a candlestick overnight. It's made by hand, right? You're beating it day by day. You don't just walk up and to have all the knowledge, the the mysteries of God overnight. You sit down. You search the scripture. You read again and again. Yes, sir. At times it doesn't make sense. You leave it on a side. You come and you walk a little bit and you go, you pray, you pray, you come back, nothing comes back around yet. It doesn't reveal it. Has he hit me like it the other day? I said, "Look at how the Lord tells Abraham and say,"Abraham, I'll give you a child." God comes in human flesh and gives him the promise and said that you shall have a child. He had already lived with the woman for so many years and yet the revelation, the fulfillment of the scripture did not happen for another 25 years. Amen. Amen. how we go about life and we want it overnight. We want that revelation now. We want that preacher to preach what we want now. But God says look the principle. I give the promise. Abraham waited the father of what? Of faith believing him until the fulfillment of the prophecy. Amen. 25 years. How much more, how many years have we preached to come to the conclusion that the message is wrong? How many years have we sat and waited upon that revelation to say that the message has mistakes in it? And when we believe that we have received the ministry of the son of man. Oh, if it's brother Brandham message that means that he can commit me he can make mistakes. That means that the God who is a perfect one will not receive us because this message has mistakes. Oh, God is himself is wrong because he can produce a prophet who can bring a perfect message according to our understanding. According to our imagination, where did that imagination come from? Our background, our science. That's why brother Vham says in the prayer line he said like you know devil you coming in the name of science in the t in the name of psychology but I'm meeting you in the name of the lord Jesus Christ. Amen. At times we're looking for the great deliverance in the physical form but the issue is in the mind. That's right. When people came in the line prayer line they said you know hey I can do it for you. It's your faith. When you come and you look at the one praying for you, preaching on the pulpit, it all dependent on your faith. Amen. Because when I look at the one on the pulpit and I'm doubting at it quickly, I am blocked. It did. The preacher didn't block me. I blocked myself. That's right. And nine time around nine time out of 10, it's not the preacher, it's me. Amen. I am doubting. Oh, he can't he can't lay on hands on me. He can't pray for me. Oh, I don't believe my husband. I don't leave believe my h my wife. Oh, I don't trust my children. The problem is not them. The problem is myself. Amen. A doubting spirit. Many times brother say like you know close your eyes. Look at that spirit of doubting is calling a a help in order to bring a little bit more of doubting in the woman. That's true. And if that ever comes to pass, then the rest of the church is caught up in the same spirit. Amen. But standing there with a with a child who couldn't have faith. He said, "Lord, look at this man. Look at this child." He says, "Sir, can you please close your eyes?" "No, I don't have to. It's my American right. I I'm entitled to do anything that I want. He said, "Lord, sir, once again, please." He won't listen. Then he he went to the higher court. He said, "Lord, you know this child, you cannot hold the healing of this child because of that man." Before he knows it, that spirit left the the one body goes into another. Aggression without expectation. Our mind is taken over. We are invaded by all kind of spirit, all kind of demons and all kind of things and we sitting in the church. We thinking about our job and our markets and our how the economy is going back and forth. Before you know it, the blessing of God comes by and just leaves us alone. Amen. Help us. Then day by day we walk around and ah my life doesn't change. I don't see really see anything. I'm looking for God. No, no, no, no. The problem is not God. That's right. He always shows up to all his appointments. He's here today. He's showing us the places that we're to focus in. Thank you. At times we're struggling here because our mind is so volatile. Easily we get invaded. We easily offended. We obviously get swayed by all kind of things. Oh my. A hidden life in Christ. He said, "I'll give you a new spirit." Now, that spirit isn't God's spirit. That's your spirit. God God gives you a new spirit. Then he says, "I'll put my spirit in him." But the thing God has to do is to give you a new spirit. make your nature a little bit more a little more gentle to settle down or it couldn't even live with you. Amen. To make you a little bit more gentle. The same brother Brandham that we know that was ready to take the gun and avenge his his dog. But then when the new spirit, not the Holy Ghost, when the new spirit comes in, all that is cast away. Now the same brother Brandham could go say, "Mr. Jesus, I've heard of you. Can you come? Let me talk to you." At times we don't pray enough because we don't have a new spirit. Amen. Because then your spirit will send you to your knees. because then your spirit is dependent of the Holy Ghost to come and be in touch with you. Amen. But then when we have all our psychology, all our mind, all our imagination standing up very expressive, explaining everything how Brandham did and the mistakes he did, how your wife is wrong back and forth and how the minister is not the one. gentle a little bit. Oh, he couldn't even live with you. So, he has to get you fixed up first before he come he can come in. I'll give you a new spirit. Then you take and then you take him anywhere you go. You you go all kinds of places. He's got to get you fixed up so you can re you can entertain him, right? infallible word of God. Like some people in being born of the uh like like some people in being born of the Holy Spirit of the Holy Spirit, they get messed up in the with the new spirit that Jeremiah said that God said that in the last day I'll write my spirit upon their heart. I write my laws in their hearts and I will give I'll give them a new spirit. I'll give them my spirit. And many people get the new spirit. You have to have the new spirit. You can't get along with your neighbor, let alone with God. That's why he says somewhere I believe uh where I think the the Pentecostal fell say like you know if I can't hold my brother that I can see and say my brother I love you how much more will it be with God? Amen. Just the same way I am with you here. Brother Mark, I love you. But it's just words. But if my actions toward Brother Marx is looking down at him, it's an intellectual faith. I look at my wife, I say, "My wife, I love you." But then around I go and I run with another woman. It's an intellectual faith. Amen. Then God say, "I have to give you a new spirit. First you get along with your neighbor." Amen. with people in the church desire to dwell with the people then now you can go God can come now and deal with you sometimes when you get the new spirit you think then that you've got the Holy Spirit but it isn't the new spirit the Holy Spirit will witness Jesus Christ but if you just join church went up and knew that you should do right that's just a new spirit You learn to do right. You learn to go to church. You learn that that that's a new spirit. It's good. But then there's another step. Amen. That's why when he preaches, go listen to those messages. Why? Where I think the Pentecostal has failed. Enticing spirit. Uh the greatest battle ever fought. He's not he's not just having church church conventions and church services. He's building us up so we can have an internal audit ourself. It's not always brother you did sister you did and he did there and you send an email back and forth. No, no, no, no, no. Take the time yourself. Do I care? Do I care? Am I building up the kingdom of God? How how is my ministry in the body of Christ helping the church rise up? Amen. Oh, I do. I just have a new spirit. I come to church and then God bless you. God bless you. And then you disappear and then we see you again on Sunday. But God, what a house will thy bill be? Because remember uh in the demonology physical realm, he says like, you know, I'm preaching these things because I've been on the field. I've seen these demons how they operate. And when you look at how the prophet was dealing with all those demons, those demons have found their way so easily in the church. I don't know if I'll be able to read the quote. He has find its way in the church in a very smooth way that it turns into culture. We become demonp possessed but we call it our cultures. That's right. If you remember when we spoke about Nimrod that that some demon who comes and turns, we call it our culture, my background, our homeman, we all those things we are just being invaded by demons. But this new spirit says like you know uh this will uh will uh will get us uh will get us somewhere there. I'll jump this here. We'll uh we'll try to to close up. But God's grace blind by terms. If any thought comes by 94 if any thoughts comes by well maybe you couldn't be so maybe it get it off your mind right quick. Think on think on the things that's positive. Never let a negative thought pass through. Just don't let it stop anyhow. If it starts through, keep your thought positive. Jesus. Like the old farmer said, I like this quotation. Blind B 96. He said like the old farmer said, "I can't keep the birds flying from all over my place, but he had a double barrel shotgun and said, "I can't I I can keep I can I I can show keep them from roosting." So you you do the same thing and you do to and you too see. Don't let them roost. Let them pass through right through on it. Amen. Now there's a shotgun to use. Both the Old and New Testament is a double barrel. It's very good too. That's right. Now our memory, our affections, our imagination, our conscious, we are now in placing the double bear gun in it. Amen. Amen. That's why we have to have our Bibles. That's why we have to read out the message every day. I might not understand it, but I'm reading it. When the thought comes like you know really you've been you've spent five years you haven't seen the the promise but but also it also said that uh what's his name? Abraham where the 25 years I'm just spend five years. I can wait. Amen. It's now 25 years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's okay. You know, if God gives me more trial than Abraham, oh yeah, it is by his grace he trust me more. Amen. Until when the fulfillment of the prophecy comes then you'll be a testimony. That's right. Because in the entire Bible those these types and shadows it gives us the principles in the workplace everywhere that we are our mind the way we are shaping ourselves. Is it based on the message or is it based on with this books here that research shows that uh this demographic really we can't really rely on them. The problem is not the demographic. The problem is not the world. The problem is not the climate change. Oh, the the now climate change left and right. No, the problem is not God's earth. The problem is us. Amen. We've built all kind of things. We've turned into psychology. We've we've went into that deeper and deeper and deeper. We create the problem and now we we don't even have the time to consider that it's me who created the problem. Right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, brother. Now, oh you this country, you have not to behave this way. No. Ephesians 4, be careful for nothing, but in everything by uh prayer and supplications with thanksgiving, let your request be be known unto God. And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your heart and mind through Christ Jesus. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of a good report, if there be any virtue and if there be any praise, what does the Bible says? Thanks. Amen. We have a good report from the Lord. Yes. We have a good message to think on. Amen. We have 1,200 tapes to listen to. That's right. If there be any virtue and the only thing that where there is life in this hour in this the message of the hour. That's right. We can choose to listen to movies and those who are making movies tomorrow they divorce they kill one another and all these things and what good report there is in I want to dress like them. I want to cut my hair like them. I want to look like this star here. I want to put the this extension left and right up and down the things. What good report there is into it. We find that a demon of doubting behind the problem is the person himself. But if there be any good report, if there's any message that can free us from all these things will give us the pathway to build this tabernacle that the Lord himself has will come and dwell. Amen. This tabernacle, what house will you build me? A house made out of a psychology, science and imagination of the world and conscious of the world. He gives us all the necessary tools. Amen. Thank you Lord. The ink is ours. The purpose are ours. He said take the ink. Take the paper. Take the Bible that we have. Read upon it day and night. Amen. listen to it over and over again. Even if the pastor doesn't preach it, listen to it. Even if the ministers are afraid to say certain things that are very hard, listen to it. Amen. That's why I'm recommending you listen to enticing spirit. Go listen to it. See how the prophet himself is opening his heart. He said like look at the time we are in. At times we are looking enticing spirits outside. No, no, no, no. Enticing spirits is here on the pulpit. Enticing spirit is not out there. By God's grace, we understand that these things are given unto us that when the Lord, if the Lord, if we follow the principles that God did in the in the wilderness with the children of Israel, he takes the program, he gives to the prophet, the prophet takes the program, he handers to the people, the people takes the program and they start working on it exactly according to We will have to have the same result as they did. That's right. If not, brotherham says what? There is something wrong somewhere. Amen. Not the word. That's right. As the musician comes, we close. This message, the greatest battle ever fought. As we are fighting this battle, it's not an easy one. Amen. And remember, the devil is not your friend. He's not somebody that you come about and uh and he will give you all the liberty for you to do everything and will let you pray as you like to pray. No, no, no, no, no. He will come. He knows you better than you know yourself. That's right. That's right. Let's be assured of it because that spirit that never dies was there from your parents and I ancestors and knows all your weaknesses and and all these things. And the only way brother Renham says is that double baragon. Amen. Very good. It's only the word. Even Jesus himself help to overcome with the same Bible. That's right. With the same scripture, right? It is written. It is written. But the word just shows us that it's not just an intellectual thing. You say one thing and your life have to cope with it. We say it, we believe it and let manifest it. Amen. Our dressing, our talking, our thoughts when nobody's looking. Let that sink in. Amen. Lord, let me not look to my brother. Let me look to myself. Because when I look into myself, I am finding more areas to fix as he told Abraham, I'm giving you the land. He get the land. He start walking in the land himself. Today he goes from Goshan. He goes to the next stage, Mam. He goes there. Oh, Job was buried here. Okay, here I have a a little bit issue of complex. Oh, I don't talk to that brother. I always avoid him. He's my brother. Let me go talk to him. I'm looking inside. Amen. Looking within with the double shotgun. We're looking in. We know surely that he who have started the promise, who told Abraham that your seed shall be slave in a foreign land, I'll bring them by my mighty hand. And this is the message. Amen. The mighty hand of God has come down today because the world are looking for the manifestation. But I can guarantee you when the manifestation will come about they will not believe it. They didn't believe it in Bradam's time. They didn't believe it in Jesus time. They call it [Music] telepathy. What will it be for us? In the humility that God will give us. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Bless you. Let's all stand. In my life be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified. Oh be glorified. [Music] In my life, Lord be glorified today. and in this church. Lord be [Music] glorified. Oh be glorified in this church. Lord be [Music] glorified today in your [Music] bride. In your bride, Lord be glorified. Oh, be glorified in your right. Lord, be glorified. In my life, Lord, be glorified. Oh, in my life Lord be [Music] glorified. Oh be [Music] glorified in thine life. [Music] Lord be glorified today. Amen. Is that your desire tonight? Have him be glorified in you. Amen. You are my strength when I am weak. Amen. He's my all and all tonight. Let's sing that. [Music] Amen. You are my strength. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in [Music] all. Seeking you as a precious jewel. Lord, to give up, I'd be a fool. You are kind and all. Oh Jesus, you lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your [Music] name. Taking my cross, my sin, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are my all. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I run cry, you fill my cup. You are my [Music] all. Oh Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, lamb of God worthy is. Sing the chorus again. Oh Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Music] Amen. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Amen. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightous name. I worship you, oh mighty God, and there is none like [Music] you. I worship you, Almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you. Prince of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise for you are my rightuousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none There is none like [Music] you. There is none like [Music] you. No one else can touch my heart like you. [Music] I can search for all eternity Lord and find there is none like once again unlike [Music] you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] Oh, I could search for all eternity. Lord, find there is none like you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, it's been good to be in your house this evening. And Lord, truly there is none like you. Father, we thank you for your mercy and your grace in our lives. And Lord, we pray you would just strengthen Brother Martin and we thank you for the word that you brought through him tonight, Lord. We just dig deeper into you, Father. Lord, we ask that you would just come in our lives, Father. And have your way in each heart, Father. You know what each one of us have need of, Father. And may we just set aside the cares of this life, the things that might distract us, Lord. May we just press deeper into you, Lord, we pray. And be with us now this week. prayer continue to be with our pastor as he's gone and use him in a special way. Strengthen him, Lord, we pray. And Father, as we go tonight, Lord, just be with each one. Keep us safe on the roads. And until we meet again, Lord, we just ask your sweet presence to go with us. We love you. We thank you for your goodness and ask you to be with us now. Jesus name we pray. Amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. As we go, let's sing, take up your cross, follow him. Amen. Oh, take up your [Music] cross and follow Jesus. Oh, take up your cross every day. Don't be [Music] ashamed to say that you know him. Count at the cost. Go take up your cross. Follow him one more time. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Oh, take up your cross every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count the cost. Go take up your cross. Follow. Sing. I'll take up my cross. I'll take up my cross. I'll follow Jesus. I'll take up my cross every day. I won't be ashamed to say that I know him. Take up my cross. Amen. Go in Jesus name. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
