################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - Current Events made Clearly By Prophecy - Bro Ron Peterson - Ron Peterson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-14
Title:    Current Events made Clearly By Prophecy - Bro Ron Peterson
Speaker:  Ron Peterson
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wY-W_PTzYhY
========================================

Description:
2025-0511 Sunday Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Let's stand and sing master of the wind this morning. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Verse one. Verse one. My boat of life sails on a troubled sea. Ever there's a wind in my sail. But I have He's a friend that sick closer than a brother. We when the breeze turns into the G. Let's worship him today. I know I know the master of the [Music] wind. I know the maker of the rain. [Music] He can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle to the high among the peace. My soul can't be found. An unexpected storm may drive me from behind. It may bring me low, but it'll never bring me. I'm thankful for that today. I know. [Music] I know the maker of the [Music] rain. The sun is shine again. I know the master of the wind. Eloh Elohim. Elohim Allah Elohim. How I long to worship you. Oh hello him. Now we long to worship you. And Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the service, Lord, I thank you for that today. No matter what the city, we will live. with a holy hand. Oh, and how we long to worship you. [Music] All how we long to worship you. And Lord, we come to you in praise. No matter what they have now, we know you. Lord, I love you and I thank you for that today. Our hands and sing. [Music] Oh, I long to worship [Music] you. Hallelujah. Lord, we worship [Applause] you. The chorus one more time. Lal. Elohim. Wo. Al him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. He longs to be worshiped and adored in the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning. When I rise. Hallelujah. In the morning. Would this be your prayer today? Give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Applause] Jesus. Oh, give me [Applause] Jesus and you can have all this world. But give me when I am alone. When I'm alone and when I am alone. Oh, when I [Music] am when I am. Give me Jesus. Would that be your prayer? If it is, just lift your hand to him and sing. Give me Jesus. Lord, that's our prayer. Jesus, you can have all this world. Amen. Amen. Our needs this morning. We would like to present our needs this morning and have you remember these and let's all agree to pray together for these needs today. Brother John Dubsky, if you'll come lead us in prayer this morning. Sister Anita Hogwin says, "I have a couple of patients that are requesting prayer. The first person her name is Sarah and she is struggling with a cere cerebral pausy and she wants to re regain her functions movements so she can go home. Also a second patient, Maria. She has had a setback from her stroke that recently and needs prayer. I ask for God's perfect will in all things. Thank you for remembering these needs. Sister Anita, we want to remember Sister Josie Robless this morning says, "Please keep my friend son in your prayers. His name is Michael Thatcher. He's in the hospital needing heart surgery and he needs to call on God." So let's remember this need also for her sister. Sister Regina Curry up in Montana. Very faithful streamer. Sister Regina has an unspoken prayer request this morning. Let's remember her. May the Lord just make a way for her today. Want to remember Austin Dubsky this morning. He's at home sick. Want to remember him. Little Adeline Love. She's at home sick. Brother Jonathan Garvey. Brother Ruben and Sister Sharon Johnson are all homesick. Let's remember them. Brother Mario and Sister Josephine Chua. us to remember them as as brother Mario's ministering at two different locations in Italy. The Lord will be with them. Sister Charman Smith says this morning, "Please remember the Ruas family, their friends of ours, and also the Robases." Uh they were in a car accident with their two-month-old baby, and the baby's in critical condition. So, let's remember the Rulus family, this little two-month-old. Lord have mercy in this situation. Lord, be with that little baby. Sister Suzanne Peterson says this morning on Mother's Day, I would like to say a special prayer for my mom. My mom is loved by many here and her biopsy revealed a small cancer and she will have a surgery on the 30th and receive treatment. The Lord is always faithful and always good. So let's let's remember sister Mary Martin that the Lord would touch her. We want to remember continue to remember Sister Lorie Snow. the Lord would touch her and keep keep her and and just restore her body and heal her. Let's remember sister Lori and her family today. Sister Hannah Maple says, "I'm asking prayer for anyone who has lost their mother. Also for the moms who have lost a child either physically or spiritually." So, let's remember them and happy Mother's Day to all our moms today. May the Lord bless them. Amen. In this, let's sing the chorus one more time. Do you have a need today? Jesus can touch us all. What's your need today? Just give it to Jesus. Give me Jesus. As brother John comes. Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. Give me [Music] [Applause] Jesus. And you can have all this world. forgive me Jesus. [Music] God bless you this morning. Let's all pray. Our heavenly father, Lord, we come to you this morning not only as believers, but as your children, Lord. Ones who love you, ones who trust you, ones who look up to you for all life's circumstances and needs, Lord. For truly within ourselves, we are mere mortals, Lord. And we don't have the power to create. We don't have the power to do anything outside of your word. But your word in us, Lord, our words now have deity behind them. And we can speak Lord by faith and things will move. Circumstances will change. And Lord, we just look to you now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Each and every need, so many needs that were spoken here this morning, Lord. We lift them up by faith in Jesus Christ. And we say meet each and every need, every health need, every circumstance need, every spiritual need, every physical need, every financial need. We put them before you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ because you are the giver of good gifts and we have confidence in you Lord that you will meet every need according to your perfect will. Lord we ask you to bless brother Ron this morning as he brings the word. We ask you to open our ears. will be attentive hearers, Lord. And we ask you to anoint his lips to be a speaker of the words of life to our hearts. We commit this service to you. We thank you. We're happy to be here. We love you, Lord. And once again, meet these needs in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may have your seats this morning. want to say happy Mother's Day to all the mothers today and and um may the Lord bless all our moms today. May not only be today but every day and we bless our moms. Amen. We have a the church has a gift for every mom today. So if you're a mother visitor or someone that's here, please go through the main doors here when you leave the building today. We have a gift for every mom that's here and we want to just say happy Mother's Day from the church to them. We want to welcome our visitors here today. The Vircast family have family members here today. We have Wanita Verquist and her two sons, Pat and Christian Christopher. Good to have them here today. Uh we also have um good to have brother Raul and his daughter back from Mexico. God bless you. It's good to have McGrady's here today. Any other guests and visitors? We welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Uh next Sunday night, uh we'll have our play here. Believe they showed the u the bulletin on that. That'll be at 6:00 next Sunday night. And then also uh this week we'll be redoing the bathrooms on this side of the church. So they won't be available Wednesday night. So please use these bathrooms over here. And next week uh the bathrooms will be switched. The ladies restroom will be on the left and the guys will be on the right. So just remember that for next Sunday. Amen. Happy Mother's Day. It's good to be in the house of the Lord today. I want to sing a song to the moms dedicating it to them because moms pray for their kids. Amen. Thank you for giving to the Lord. Let's dedicate this song to each mom today. Moms that aren't [Music] here. Your prayers do get answered. Maybe not in this lifetime, but in the next. Amen. Let's sing this song as a thank you for the moms today. Thank you for giving to the Lord. Everyone, thank you for giving to the Lord. I'm alive that was changed. Thank you for giving to the [Music] Lord. I am so glad. If you're thankful this morning, can you lift your hand and sing, "Thank you for giving to the Lord." Hallelujah. I'm a lot that will change. Thank you for giving to the Lord. I am so glad. Yay. Amen. The Lord loves to be thanked and adored this morning. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all that you have done. I am so blessed and my soul has the rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Sing it again. Oh, thanks. Thanks. And I give you thanks for all that you have done. And I am so blessed. My soul has not real. Oh Lord. Amen. When I think of the goodness of Jesus, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, then my soul cries out hallelujah. Oh, thank God for saving me. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me, my soul cries out. Hallelujah. Praise God for Satan. Sing it again. And when I think of the goodness of Jesus, he has done for me. Rise and shout hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a day. I'll praise the name of Jesus. I lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, lifted me wherever I go. Wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name lifted [Applause] me. When the redeemed are gathering in this morning, you and I have been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. This morning I am thinking I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high when the redeemed I can't regain. I will raise a heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh, when the redeemed are gathering in, they're washed like snow and free from all sin. And how we'll shout and I will sing with redee. And there will be a great possession. Over those streets of gold with the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, what music? Oh, what sing? Oh, that city will be rolled with redeeing our gathering. Oh, when the [Music] [Applause] redeemed. Amen. Wash like snow and free from all sin. And I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gathering in. And saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the angels all will listen. For they cannot join that song. When the redeemed are gathering in, when the redeemed are gathering in, they're washed like snow and free from all sin. And how we'll shout and how we'll sing when the redeemed are. This is sooner today. Then the savior will give orders to prepare the banquet for when the reading are gathering in. And we'll hear his invitation from the blessed of the Lord when the [Music] redeemed the chorus. Oh the redeemed. [Music] Oh, w like snow and free from all sin. I will shout, will sing when the redeemer are gathering in. Jesus, we're dependent upon you. [Applause] Jesus, we're depending on you. Yes, we are. Jesus, we're depending on you. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you to see. Amen. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. We're waiting on you to see us through. He never promised that the cross would not get hit and the hill would not hurt. Hallelujah. Lord, we thank you for your presence. ever offer victories without my liberties said help would always come in time. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give in. He says just hold [Music] on. Yes, you will. will take you to the Bible. Sing it again. Madison, if you'll come sing with Jonathan. He never promised that the cross would not get him. Would not be hard to find. He never offered pain without fighting. But he said he would always come in time. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says give him just hold. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire. Just hold on. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire. He'll not only take you through the fire, but he'll stand in the fire with you this morning. Lord, bless them as they sing this morning. Amen. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness and your presence this day. [Music] Some are known by great authority for Kingdoms as far as eyes can see. In royal robes they rule from thrones. Waging war. They overthrow the weak and call it victory. My king is known by mercy. And my king is known by grace. For the hope in his name and of power that saves. My king is known by the cross. And my king is known by an empty grave. Oh, in all that he does. My king is known by love. And I can almost see him even now rejected with thorns upon his brow. What kind of king would leave his throne to make my sin and shame his own? Yet he gave his life for me. He gave his life for me. My king is known by mercy. And my king is known by grace. for the hope in his name and of power that saves. My king is known by the cross. And my king is known by an empty grave. Oh, in all that he does. My king is known by a love that welcomes everyone as his daughters and his sons. And no one is ever turned [Music] away. Cuz my king is known by mercy. And my king is known by grace for the hope in his name and of power that saves. My king is known by the cross. And my king is known by an empty grave. Oh, in all that he does. My king is known by love. My king is known by love. Amen. Lord Amen. Beautiful song today. Sing a song. We haven't sang it here, but the musicians practice it. And if you'll turn the mics up for Justin and Sister Gill. just a fourline song and it's it's a prayer song. It says just to be close to you. They just song about a king that's known about love and mercy and grace, an empty grave. My prayer today, I fail him often. I fail him daily. I want to be close to him just to be close to you, my king. We'll sing this. And as we do, will you join in and lift your voice? And may it become a prayer for you as well. Just to be close to you. Let's sing it. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you is my desire. It's a prayer. Just to be close to you. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Just to be close to you. Yes. Just to be close to you is my desire. Oh, he wants to be close to you. Be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is my singing with us today. Just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. close to you. It's the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is one last time. If that's your prayer, lift your hands. just to be close. Lord, we lift our hands. We sing to you. To be close to you, just to be close to you is my desire. Amen. Lord, that's our prayer today. Let's stand this morning, everyone. It's good to have our pastor here today. May the Lord give them strength and it's good to have him back in the saddle or the preaching this morning. Brother John Pierre, welcome back from Congo. It's good to have you here today. Any other guests and visitors? We welcome you this morning. Why should I worry? Why should I fear when the very same Jesus is always near? Amen. Don't worry. Amen. He said, "Don't worry, little bride. Don't worry little bride. I'm a way maker. What's your need this morning? Eric and Kylie, it's good to have you here today as well. Saints, brother Brandham said it time and time again. It says it in our Bible. Trust in the Lord. Seek him with your whole heart. Don't fear, but trust in the Lord. Let's sing it this morning. Out on the waters, a storm raging high. waters around them were trled that night. Fear filled their hearts. They felt they would die. They failed to remember the master was not. And he spoke the words and the wind stood still. Even the [Music] walkers make his will. He called their soul like he will find if I just remember he lives deep inside. And why should I work free? Why should I fear when the Mary St. Jesus saves always dear. He lives in my heart and hears when I cry. I'll call on the man till the storm passes by and we read in the Bible when he walk. Brought light to the darkness when the way grew so dim. How great it would be to have his footsteps in mind. A walk with the master all of the time. And when trials come and death seems to not, I'll call on the master. I know I get there on time. Sing these songs and my bodies. All you got to do, all you have to do is call on his name. Welcome back. I with the very same Jesus. He stays always near. He lives in my heart. I cry. The Lord is storm passes by. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you all this morning. I greet you in the lovely name of Jesus. Amen. It's good to just see all your smiling faces be home together with you. God bless you. You can be seated for just a moment. Give you a little bit of a report uh about South Africa and also to to brother Roberts already said it. God bless you mothers on this being Mother's Day. We honor you. When our government doesn't even know the definition of mother, we do. Thank you, Lord. And we we give honor and respect to all of our mothers, realizing what a great Yeah. Let's give them a hand. After the service, we've got a small token we'd like to share with the mothers. So after service there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. All right. Like to give you a little bit of a missionary report. I usually uh don't do much of giving a report when I go overseas. And sometimes people say, "Well, Brother Ron, you know, um I don't like to draw attention to myself. I realize God does use us uh when we're over there and and uh everything. I would rather have somebody else give the report than myself. But we certainly had a a lovely time over there. Uh and the very reason that I went this year was that 33 years ago I dedicated the church in Rand Fontaine, the addition of the church and u they were having their 50th jubilee. Brother Harold Hildebrandt uh had been the original pastor to dedicate the first church. Brother Joseph Daniels was the pastor at that time who had it on his heart to start a work there in Rand Fontaine. And so, uh, we went over there for their 50th jubilee to to celebrate with them. And, uh, they had asked me to come because normally I try to stay at home during the Easter time. Uh, but anyway, we were over there and my wife, Sister Sandy, went with me. Praise the Lord. I appreciate it. She helps me out quite a bit and um everything. And so um let's see here. Yeah. Um after brother Harold Hildebrandt had originally dedicated the church, the church began to grow as every church does. I feel even within my own ministry, if I had a ministry that didn't show forth fruit unto the glory of God and bringing new converts, I would think there's something wrong with my ministry. And so, I thank God that we see births and people coming to the church and people getting baptized. And so after 17 years um they had to put on a new addition on the church, a new sanctuary. And so uh 33 years ago I went ahead and dedicated that um for them. And I had a picture, I don't think I included it, um but it showed a picture a bunch of the old-timers alto together. And I was just a young guy then, but they're all now old-timers. And oh yeah, they they got it. They got it. Yeah. You guys recognize the one on the left front? That's Stafford Massiey's father. That's John Massie. And Sister Zoe's father's on the far right there. Brother Sergeant. And uh Joseph Daniels is right behind me. And the rest of the brothers, I don't remember their names, but uh yeah, there it was 33 years ago. And uh you know, saints of God, what you do is you go and you preach the gospel and you sew the seed and then years later you see the fruition of that seed being sown and and you thank God. You don't think you're an elder to you uh look back on in time and you see, wow, I've been there, done that. And uh we had three days of services, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Now, my wife and I left the house or the guest house at about 8:30 in the morning. Did not return to the guest house at at 9:00 till 9:00 at night. And uh that's rough on an old guy. It's rough on a young guy, but it's especially old uh hard on an old guy. And and I told Sandy, if I ever do something like that again, they're going to have to take me back and let me have a midday snooze. and and relax a little bit and then go back to service because your song service can be uh two two and a half hours, you know, and and uh because they love to worship over there. And uh I think I must have some some African blood in me somewhere because I do enjoy uh getting with them and worshiping and and uh cuz they're not inhibited. We are, you know, we just, you know, can't even move and we're fossilized and everything. See? So, but I enjoy it over there with them. We had u So, I spoke the first service on Friday and then I spoke uh on Saturday, a youth service in between services and then we had I had the last service on Sunday. So I was the alpha and the omega of the meetings. Um and uh so we just had a lovely time. The the other guest speaker was brother Maxwell Lee who is from Guyana. I had never met him before but we had a nice time with him. He seemed to have a good um revelation of the word and we were blessed by his ministry also. Um, so, uh, also while we were there, the you little trivia, excuse me, little trivia things. Um, after the first night or two, uh, our hot water tank went out. So, for two days, we didn't have hot water. So, you come from after the meeting is you're, you know, you're all hot and sweaty. You want to change clothes, have a nice shower, and then go to bed. Well, we didn't have that. And um after two days, we had it fixed. And Sandy could hear me in the shower praising God and and just thanking God. Listen, you don't know how nice it is to have a hot shower until you haven't had one for a couple days. So, I was just rejoicing in the shower and thanking God for hot water. Amen. Um, then the following Sunday, I preached for brother Brian Naidu and they're at his church and we had a wonderful time. I do have some photos here for you and a couple video clips here to to try to go along. So, uh, when we got to the airport, uh, I did not expect to see brother Kevin Milm and the other brothers there. Uh, uh, you have brother, uh, Beastman, Johan Beastman on the left, Sandy and I, and then brother Quibbis, uh, Robertson, and then Kevin Milm. and they weren't supposed to be there to pick us up, but they were there saying goodbye to brother uh Quibbus' brother who was had been visiting them. Anyway, when we come out and here we see them and I said, "Are you guys supposed to be picking me up? What's the deal?" Anyway, uh Brother Benny uh from Brother Rubin's church uh had come down, Ruben's son came down, and he even had some cups of coffee for me. That's nice. get off a 17-hour flight or 14-hour flight and have coffee. You need coffee, let me tell you. It just kind of stimulates you and wake you up a little bit, you know. And um so um okay, what's the next one here? Now, here is brother Ruben Daniels. He's been the the pastor. That's his wife on the left. And uh that's sister Wendy and Sandy and I. Sorry, the light was in the back coming through. And and you it's a little haze there. There I am with brother Ruben. He's had pancreatic cancer, had surgery, and he's just now recovering. And um so we were there, went and prayed for him. Go ahead. And this is inside the church of Ran Fontaine. Uh that's looking to the left. That's the front view. And then you'll have a right side view there of a little bit of the overflow and some of the ministers and their wives sitting there. And um there's brother Charnneck in the the light tan suit there. There's a picture of brother Joseph Daniels and I in front of a big placard they had 50th year anniversary Jubilee. And uh here is one of the song. Oh, excuse me. That's brother Maxwell Lee from Guyana. So now this brother Um, you know what, brother Robert? I left my glasses. Get the the brown rimmed ones there. Uh, brother, I can't read it. Fidil Fidila. Fidel. Uh, Mulaja Benin. Fidel. Moolaja Benin. Anyway, he is the ambassador of Congo to South Africa and he was there with a bodyguard and chauffeur and everything. Thank you. Yeah. Excuse me, brother Robert. Can't see, can't hold. And uh so what's what's very interesting um there now he says, "Brother Ron, we stream your services. we have been for years and everything. He is a believer and uh uh they're from the Congo. And he said, "I was raised up with a very very uh poor family. My mother sold vegetables on the corner uh to make ends meet. They had another poor family that moved in with them. The little six-year-old boy that was there with them that had grew up with them together is now president of Congo. So when that little boy became president of K Congo, now he's not a little boy anymore. He's a he's an older man, you know, but uh when he became president, he made him ambassador. Wow. And so from rags to riches right away and and everything, but a very very finite uh nice man, Brother Fidel. Yeah. Here's some of the ministers there and their wives behind them. every behind every good man's a better woman. Yes, there is brother uh Dale Adams from Cape Town and his wife. We're on the front row there. And I just took a little selfie real quick there. And this is Sister Perfect's father. And I'll I have a picture of uh the family a little bit later. He's one of the elders there. Been with him many years. There is uh Stafford Massiey's parents, John and Miranda. Of course, you know them. They they lived here with us for a while and went to this church. This is brother Owen Palm on the right and his son, his family. And u uh one of the guest ministers there and I had a picture of he and his family. The man on the left is his son and he just became a professional golfer um there in South Africa. And during my preaching, I said, "I haven't come here to find a golfing partner. I haven't come here this and that." And he he met me afterwards and he said, "Brother Ron, I was going to ask you to go golfing, you know." Okay. So, here are the some of the ministers wives. Then you have the ministers here. Just a lovely time with the brethren there. Uh many of them I had not seen in many years. So it was quite a blessing. This is uh Sister Perfect's parents and her sister. Can doesn't her sister look like her? Huh? Yeah, it does a little bit. Stand up. We want to know who your parents are. Stand up here. Since perfect. Yeah. Smile real big. There you go. [Applause] And Sister Zoe, she's from this church and um you know, everybody said, "How's sister Zoe doing? How come she's not singing more song specials?" She sang lots of song specials with us. I say, "I'm going to get on her case when I get back." Uh she was a very integral part. Uh she was a real worker over there and so they miss her greatly. All right. And this is us as we had prayed for brother Ruben and that's his daughter and son-in-law and his wife and Sandy and I and Kevin and Mary Milo. John Andy's was there. He was speaking for brother Madiva who is the brother to his right. Uh going down the table and then you have brother Paul from uh Emanuel Gospel Center, Sandy and I, Kevin and Mary. And then you have Brian Jones's son, Jonathan Jones, and his wife. And then the the kids are at the far end there. And uh as we were leaving that day here, we met Dale Adams on the right and Paul Hlet was over there speaking for their Easter convention. So it was uh it was nice to see them. We took a photo and then they had us over for dinner. uh Johan Beastman and his uh wife Sister Goodran. And this is all of them together. And this is the daughter of Gideon and Kathy Ratif and um and their children and stuff. So anyway, it's we had a just a lovely meal. Now this I took this picture here because this is interesting. Back in 2008, if you see in the top left corner, you remember I used to uh uh Sister Tenie, remember we took them out here and we rode around in the little arena? Well, I took the three girls and put them on my horse and I led them around the arena and she the little girl became absolutely mesmerized by horses. And so she wanted to recreate the photo in South Africa. So, she loaned me her black hat and she got on her horse and I led her horse around. And so, the the top photos 2008 and the bottom one's in 2025. Now, she is a jumper. She has a horse that jumps over the stuff and she's a just a tremendous rider. Anyway, we went ahead and um here is brother Tim Dodd and his wife Sarah. He has moved from Cloverdale to South Africa as an interimm pastor until they get the new pastor voted in. And so he's over there helping them out. And uh uh quite a a move for them. Here's brother Brian Jones, his wife, sister Crystal, and Brian Naidu. What did I say? Yeah, Brian Naidu and his wife Crystal. And uh this is in his church. This is the last Sunday. And so he was doing some of the introduction and song leading and and so just couple views. I take it right, center, left. And then it's uh Marcus Becker was over there. And uh so yeah, all these people from all over the world are there, you know, they all come to see me and I just couldn't believe it. No, they were there preaching their own uh deals, but Tim Dodd was there. Brother David Gonzalez was one of the pastors at the table there. Anyway, here we are uh with Brian Naidu and Crystal. And uh this is Hannes Vanwick and his wife just uh in the center of the photo there. He is also a pastor there in the Johannesburg area. The the man on the far left is uh uh brother Brian's son. Turn it up. [Music] See, [Music] see, oh, [Music] This is after the [Music] [Applause] [Music] service. Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise God. [Music] just [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] my go. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Brian Naidus. [Music] I think that's it. I tried to enjoy uh join in with him a little bit, brother. I in fact, Joseph Daniels was up here. We're behind the pulpit and he said, "Come on, Ron. Come on." He grabbed my arm. He said, "Come on, do this." I couldn't even do that in sync with him, you know, and he he's trying to get me to and so anyway, we had a good time and they love to sing their African songs. I said, "Do you know Hakuna Matata or whatever?" You know, but uh praise the Lord. The Lord gave us a good time. I enjoy praising God. And I believe that saints of God, we should be a whole lot less inhibited in praising God. Amen. I do. I just I I think sometimes we get into a routine and and everything and um but anyway, praise the Lord. I am glad to be a Christian this morning. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together. Thank you musicians. I appreciate it. Um after this service, No, you know what? Before you go, let's sing this song. I feel um moved to sing this song. Nations are breaking Israel's awakening. The signs. Amen. Okay. Give me the next chorus there. The the bottom one there. Yeah. Oh, nations are breaking. Israel's awakening. signs that the prophets fortold. Gentiles is number [Music] eternal unfold. The day of redemption is near. Men's hearts are failing for fear. Be filled with the spirit. Your land trimmed and clear. Look up. Your redemption is near. The fig tree is growing. The victory is growing. Jerusalem is restoring. National lifong bey falling. Returners to your home. The day of redemption is near. His hearts are failing for fear. Look, filled with a spirit, your lamp trimmed and clear. Look up. Your redemption is near. [Applause] Heavenly Father, Lord, as we see in our very headlines, when we see international news, we see all these things. Father, we can see the signs of the end all around us. Flashing red lights, letting us know your prophet told us so many of these things. And we thank you for that, Father, that we would have the Isab of understanding. I pray, Father, come give us a quickening this morning, Lord. Come and touch hearts, draw us closer to you, Father. We thank you. We praise you. We commit it to thee in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. God bless you. Let's just remain standing if you would. Let's turn to the book of Zechariah. Zechariah right near the end of the Old Testament. Zechariah 12 verses 1-4. Zechariah 12 and verse one. The burden of the word of the Lord for Israel, saith the Lord, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth and formeth the spirit of man within him. Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege, both against Judah and against Jerusalem. And in that day, I will make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people. All that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it. In that day, saith the Lord, I will smite every horse with astonishment, and his rider with madness, and I will open mine eyes upon the house of Judah, and smite every house horse of the people with blindness. Amen. Amen. We know that Israel is in the news. We see it. We know Israel has gotten back together. May the 7th, 1946, the very brother Bram said the very same hour, the very same day that God dealt with me at Greensmill, he said, "Israel became a nation." He said, "Watch, they are connected together." It's important to understand that because you see, we have a lapping over right now of dispensations. Amen. We are now at the end of the closing of the Gentile dispensation and another dispensation is coming in for Israel. When the bride goes up, the two witnesses come down and then they will preach for three and a half years there. And we know that they're going to be martyed. They're going to be killed in the streets, lay there for three days, and then God's going to raise them up and everything. But all of this is connected together. Understand? that uh when we see all of these things happening, it should make us aware that the coming of the Lord and the closing of the gentile dispensation is happening. Amen. And as and most prophecy, just like in his first coming, most prophecy is fulfilled right in the very latter moments of the closing of this time. Amen. So turn with me now if you would to the book of Revelation chapter 13. Brother Bram said, "Where do we find America?" Revelation chapter 13. 13 stars, 13 stripes, 13 colonies. He said her number is 13. She's found in the book of Revelation chapter 13. Revelation 13 verse starting at verse 11. And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth, and he had two horns like a lamb. He was not a lamb. Well, Brother Brandham said, "What was that?" It was the American buffalo. And he spake as a dragon. And he exercisth all the power of the first beast before him, and causes the earth, and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he doth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by the sword, and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast. And that image of the beast should both speak and to cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. Notice this now. And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free in bond, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads, that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. And here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beasts, for it's the number of a man, and his number is 600 three score six66. We all know the prophet of God said, "Who is that?" It's a number of a man. Who is it? It's the pope. He sits on a throne there over seven hills. We see it according to prophecy. Above his throne is vicarious feli day which means the vicor of God and in Roman lettering that's 666. May God bless the reading of his word. You may be seated this morning in his presence. Now I will try to not hold you too long this morning. We'll see see how it goes. And I would like to title my sermon this morning, current events made clear by prophecy. And I want to take the subject of the flashing red lights of the sign of his coming. Now, as you all know, I'm sure probably everyone in here is totally aware that there's been a newly elected pope. And we all know that the brother Brandham spoke about a new pope coming out of the United States in 1954, approximately 71 years ago. This prophet tells us, watch this new pope that comes out of the United States. Now, according to all of the uh rumors and stuff you were hearing from the news, it did not seem like there was a cardinal in the running for being pope. And Sandy and I had we were on our way from um here in Phoenix up to our cabin and we had just gotten up on top there and you lost signal until we got right there to our cabin and because they were saying, "Hey, new there's white smoke." That's and we're just kind of waiting for the news and then she she she just goes, "Oh, oh, oh, I thought I run over something or hit something or whatever." And she said, "Uh, it's a pope from America. a pope from America. Now, um we know that history is going to repeat itself and we see the players. Now, I want you to all just be acutely aware that all of those that are in these positions of governments and leaders and all of that, they are absolutely taking their position. Amen. Amen. The chessboard or the puzzle piece or whatever you want to say, they're all taking their position because the bride is taking her position. I want you to understand all of this has been prophetically told us. The Bible is a book of prophecy. It foretells future events. That's what a prophet does. He doesn't tell you after the fact, "Oh, I think the Lord had told me that you." No, he tells you years ago. Imagine someone telling you 71 years ago the new pope will come out of the United States. Now, um all another thing I want you to be acutely aware of is the anti-semitism that is rising up here in America. It's happening on our college campuses in cities. They're having protests and signs uh from uh you know the sea to the border or whatever. All these kind of things. And the Palestinians do not want peace with Israel. They want to kill all the Jews. Now, I want you to understand, Brother Brennham said in World War II, Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin were pre-tribulation spirits that were poured out on the people. And he says that shows you a preview of what's to come. Yes. So this anti-semitism, it's not going to stop there. It's going to go, it's going to get more and more. And it's going to come after also the Christians. And we're going to show you that the image of the beast is going to have power. And I want to show you, I've got a couple small clips. I did not put these together, but you just bear with me now. I'm going to play you one here um that shows that this uh religious man, I don't know of what religion he is, but he is calling uh President Trump uh like li like unto Constantine the Great. Go ahead if you play the video. Your leadership, you embody the values of our Christian faith and love for the gospel. You remind me of the great Roman Emperor Constantine the [Applause] Great. This emperor, this emperor, your dear Mr. President, is the one who founded and built the magnificent city of Constantinople, my birthplace. No. [Applause] known today as Istanbul. It is my great honor to present you with this holy cross. Remember Constantine had a cross. Remember the dream he had. This cross is the very symbol that led this great Roman Emperor Constantine to victory. As Christ revealed to him in a vision, he said, "And Tutoto Nika told the emperor means go with this and be victorious. Mr. President, this cross is an everlasting symbol of peace and an invincible trophy, a sign of divine strength and guidance. With this cross, I pray you bring peace to the world and make America invincible. [Applause] All right. Make America invincible. This is a symbol. And may you be the leader of peace. Remember now the Bible says when they begin to say peace and safety, then comes sudden destruction. Okay? So we're seeing types and shadows here uh of Constantine. They're calling uh President Trump uh likened unto the great Roman emperor Constantine. So when you see a few quotes, let me show you a few quotes now to substantiate this Pergamian church age. Brother Brenham says, "But this freedom from persecution and death was not magnanimous as it first appeared. Constantine was now the patron. As a patron, his interest was somewhat more than that of an observer. For he decided that the church needed his help for her affairs. I want you to understand, Pope kind of feels like he's the savior of everybody and everything. Amen. He got to he's got to put his hands into everybody's business and he's a dealmaker. Okay, understand this. He is there for a purpose. He's a dealmaker. But let's go on. I can't read all of the quote, but I'm going to just give you uh some of this. With such matters along with the instruction of pagan ceremony into worship, the emperor called for the Nyian council in 3:25 with the thought that he would bring all groups together that they could iron out their differences and come to a common understanding and all be one. Isn't it peculiar that though this started with Constantine, it didn't die but is very much alive today as a world council of churches and where he failed to achieve it, it will be achieved in this day through the ecumenical move. Now here's a prophet foretelling you future events. Take the World Council of Churches and the Confederation of Churches. The Catholic Church has been withholding itself. But now with this new pope, he is bringing all of the world religions together. That's one of his um let's say things that he wants to do, one of the goals he wants to do. So the Catholic Church has held out of the World Council of Churches, but this pope's wanting to bring them in. Understand this is all according to prophecy. All right, let's go on. Pergamian church age paragraph 195. People look at Rome. They look at the nation of Italy and as they look they do not realize that Rome with her strict confines where the pope has an actual area in his domain is literally a nation within a nation and she has ambassadors and receives ambassadors. Paple false Christian Rome. She is even called the eternal city. How blasphemous. now controls by religion even more aly than when pagan imperial Rome controlled by the pure iron for iron of force. Rome took a new lease on life when Constantine joined church and state and backed the union by force. That spirit motivated pagan Rome is the same spirit that now motivates false Christian Rome. Now, Brother Brandham's identifying spirits. And he says, "As it was, so shall it be." He was a typologist. I look and see what they did in the scripture, and then I know what's going to happen in the future. Amen. Okay, here's uh again paragraph 206 and that is what Constantine and his successors did at Nia and after Nia they invited the people of God to the convention. And when the church sat down to eat and rose up to play partaking of church form and ceremonies and pagan feasts named after Christian rights, she was trapped. She had committed fornication and God walked out. Paragraph 370, resume of the ages. This second step was the doctrine of Balum described in Revelation 2:14, wherein Balam taught Bailo to stumble the children of Israel by a united meeting. There the guests would uh would do two more things contrary to the word. And I'm just going to go down to the highlighted part here. Now, that didn't only happen back there to God's church of the Old Testament, but it happened to the church of the New Testament. For there was an emperor who like Baleo needed to help secure his kingdom. So Constantine invited the nominal Christian first Christian church of Rome to help him get the Christians behind him as they were a very large body. The outcome was the Nioan council of 3:25. There the Christians both true and nominal came together at the invitation of Constantine and the true Christians had no business even going up to the meeting. Yeah. Now, I want you to understand this is the first time in the history of the of the United States that this president and his cabinet and his administration staff is predominantly Catholic. Are we together on that? Catholic. And uh so I want to play you another uh clip here. So, let's just take this and listen. Now, more than ever, our nation needs a renewal of the values this organization promotes and that the Catholic faithful live out each and every day in peace. We love the Catholic people. We love the Catholic religion. And above all, we respect it greatly. As president, I will always support you in your effort to serve our fellow citizens and to lift up all humanity. I will protect the Catholic Church and I will defend the rights of religious believers of every race, religion. Every religion is a way to arrive at God. Sort of a comparison, an example would be there sort of like different languages in order to arrive at God. And if God is God for all, then we're all sons and daughters of God. One reason to believe this might be a short conclave. The cardinals have been in Rome since Pope Francis died. They've had time to get acquainted, discuss the needs in the direction of the church, and highlight the concerns of their flock back home, and they've done some politicking. Now, Cardinal Dolan and Cardinal Tobin, they are two of the 10 US cardinals who will vote for the next pope. The geographic makeup of the conclave could go a long way in determining the next pontiff. In fact, today one cardinal told ABC News he wouldn't be surprised if the next pope comes from Asia or Africa where the church has seen significant growth. Of the 133 cardinal electors, only 25 were appointed by John Paul or Benedict. And finally, you probably noticed no American cardinals listed among the leading contenders. Father Brian Massenale from Forom University explains why. candidates from the United States, Carlos from the United States enter with somewhat of a handicap because the United States is such a major global force in the world. I think many are reluctant to add the power of the papacy also to the United States's power in the world. But Father Massingale did concede it's unlikely, but it's not impossible to one day have an American pope. I believe one of these glorious days when this united confederation church goes together and the new pope is brought around in the United States and put over there according to prophecy then the former in life to the peace and I tell you the true church of God will be thrown together the real true believers are Methodists Baptist Presbyterians Pentecostals Nazarene pilgrim holiness whatever they'll be go together cemented by the love of God that'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ amen All the believers that are agnostics and shallow mind that it'll be tacked to one side. They'll go right away into the confederation churches. Now, and in the middle of the week, the middle of this Jewish week, see that's three and a half years, the Antichrist, the prince, a prince that is to come. And remember, he comes out of Rome. Amen. The prince that is to come. What is he? A pope, a prince amongst the people that is to come. There'll rise up a pharaoh who doesn't know Joseph. Now you Protestants say, "Well, now that's it for just a minute." We find out that the Protestants has an organization makes a confederation of churches an image to the beast and go right with them. And we find out here that the Jews are called in on this confederation. Yes, sir. And they agree. And the Bible said they did. And he makes a covenant with them in the midst of the uh 70th week. He break the antichrist the breaks his covenant with the Jews. Amen. Thy people. Why? And we read in Revelations 11 that I'll send that's 11. You're coming over towards 19 now. That he will send his uh two prophets and they'll prophesy in that time. And then they'll get angry at these prophets and actually kill them. Is that right? Amen. And their dead body shall lay in the spiritual street called Sodom and Gomorrah where our Lord was crucified, Jerusalem. Is that right? And they lay there for three days and nights. And after three days and night, the spirit of life will come into them and they'll be raised up and go into glory. The 10th part of the city failed at that time. Is that right? See what is that in the middle of this last 70 years when the church goes up then the confederation the sleeping virgin Methodist Baptist Presbyterian and lukewarm Pentecost all of them together with the confederation which they've already got their big regime now and when they do they'll make a covenant well now this new pulp that we got now wants to bring them all in. Can't you see the things we've been up give a talk on it and bring them all in? First time for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years a thousand years the Jews ever been done but now he to bring them all in together and make a confederation in there the Jews will accept it. Amen. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise be to our God who lives forever and ever. Hallelujah. There you are. Amen. My brother, it's just as simple as simple as a little kid could see. The confederation are bringing Jewish and Protestant and Catholic together. And remember, what's these two prophets going to do when they come? This beast, this prince that shall scatter the power of the holy people, what will he do? He'll break his covenant with them after three and a half years. He'll oust them. How people think that's communism? That's just because you the spirit of God hasn't dealt with you yet. It's not communism. It's religion. Religion. The Bible said to be so close to deceive the very elected if possible. Jesus said so. He in the land. Notice communism. Russia. Russia wants to unite all the world in one because they got a oneness desire in their heart. But they want to unite them all under communism. That's their idea. See, that's man's while the UN wants to unite them, too. All under the UN to what? Unite them together in a military power. What about the Catholics? They want to unite the whole world under one Catholicism. What about the Protestant? He wants to unite them all under one under the Federation of Churches just as wrong and black as the Catholics are. It's the same old lying devil. [Applause] It's true. That's a fatal mistake. Why they want they want them all to be a federation of churches. We're all under one head. As long as I can be ruler, Catholics want them all under one head. Pope can be the ruler. Russia wants them all under one head. So, communism to be the ruler. UN wants them all under one head. So, we the United States can kind of be the boss because we're the biggest nation. It's all the same devils. And every nation in the world is controlled by the devil. So the Bible says here we have no continuing city but we seek one to come. Why do you not understand something like that? It's lost to begin with but all of them want united under that. Let me drop this in. I hope my watch don't alarm too quick. Look listen the people today are scared to death of communism. Shame. Well, what are you scared of communism? I want any theologian, any Bible scholar to show me where communism will rule the world? I tell you, Romanism is going to rule the world according to the Bible. You watch about that. Don't watch iron curtains and bamboo curtains, but watch the purple curtain. Yes, sir. That's the one's going to get you. Don't you ever worry about that. That you just mark that down and say, "Brother Brandon, set it and put it in your Bible and see if it's right." Communism is nothing but a tool in God's hand playing right up. Well, it won't mount to nothing. It's exactly right. Don't fear about that. That's something to throw you off the track of looking. But Bible readers and men who love God stay with what the Bible says. Amen. Certainly. Just watch that now more than ever. These things are coming together, saints, and it behooves us to look at these current events, and see because the prophetic pieces to the puzzle are all fitting together. It's making an image. That's right. And they're going to come into power. Brother Brennham says, "How will the mark of the beast come about? It'll come forth like a union, and you will not be able to buy and sell. You want to control people, you control them through their money. Amen. You won't be able to buy and sell. And that's when people sell out. Now, we're all concerned about our national debt. How many trillion dollars is it now? Keeps going. I think the last I heard 36 trillion. You hear about it. You hear about your gas going up. You hear about it costs more to to buy bread and eggs and and all of your living items. And we're all concerned about our national debt. You cannot keep spending like you have an unlimited account. And yet the people in our government have been doing that. Amen. So now Doge is trying to stop the hemorrhaging of all of the billions of dollars and showing I just ask one question. These people that have fraudulently taken money into these crazy places and put this money, why are they not going to jail for embezzlement and fraudulent activity? Amen. And yet it was your tax dollars that is helping to support all of these things. Now I would venture to say every pulpit around the message around the world right now is talking about this one event because it's tying all of the events of the end time together. Now listen to me. When the Pope came out of the United States, I didn't start dancing and saying, "Now I believe the message." No, I've always believed the message. It just happened to be another thing I'm saying. It's going home time. We're getting ready. We've been ready. We've been hearing a voice. We heard the shout, the voice. Huh? Praise God. We've had something that has quickened us. We're different. He that hath an ear to hear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to the church. So, we've been quickened. We've been energized. We've been made partakers of the understanding of what God is going to do in this end time. So, we have all this stuff, national debt and your taxes and all of this kind of stuff. And we we don't know how long can we keep going. Yeah. With this amount of debt. Come on. You see now, brother Brennham talks about America's going to go bankrupt and all of this is going to tie together. Why? Because you're going to find out she's going to get bailed out by Rome. So, watch all these players now getting together. Let me show you in the sermon blasphemous names 62. We're almost bankrupt. 1962. 62. He says we're almost bankrupt. We're borrowing, spending money now on taxes that'll be paid 14 years from today. That's how far we are gone. Who has got the money of the world, Catholic Church? How would it be loaned to the United States to keep these tobacco and whiskey companies and things? Sure, they'll borrow it from them. And when they do, they'll sell their birthights right out to the Roman Catholic Church. Can we consolidate? Watch this. Just plain plainer than reading a newspaper. Stature of a perfect band. Did you hear the lifeline the other morning? Why? You know, it's just like you sell bonds on gold. The bonds is already took up and this present government now is spending money for what? The tax for tax money that they'll be collecting 40 years from now. She's done. See taxes they're spending and trying to buy foreign. Now, if you follow that thought out, Brother Bram said, "We're giving billions or billions of dollars at that time to foreign entities to have them be our ally." In other words, I'll pay you to be my friend. So, we're seeing all that stuff is is being exposed where they're just giving it out anyway. Don't you see? That's exactly what they're going to do. See, what is it? Now, if this nation goes busted, the only thing it can do is go busted. The only thing it can do is go bankrupt. That's the only sensible thing to do. Change the currency. But they won't do it. Under this present ministration, Roman Catholic Church owns the gold of the world. And what'll they do is sell out these rich men and so forth of the earth as the Bible said. uh see and he talks about these uh whiskey and tobacco companies most all of it's Catholic anyhow and all these other things what will they do they'll accept that and they'll take the money from Rome then she sold her very birthright Rome backs her up yes sir she'll back it up and they're getting enough policy now getting enough around them bringing in his cabinet look at what Mr. Kennedy is asking for. Now, as I told you, this is the first administration in the United States. The predominant cabinet and administration is Catholic. Remember, it's an image rising up. Starts out, it looks like a lamb, but it's going to speak like a dragon. Okay? So don't get too comfortable. Trump is not going to make everything bitter. Trump is not going to make America great again. She's gone. She's She's done for. It is written over the wall. Don't you get too comfortable here. Don't set your tent pigs down too much. You get ready to get out of here. Amen. That's what this message came to do is to let you know the king is coming. The king is coming. understand this. Get ready. It's just about over. I don't have to wait for LA to sink. I don't have to wait for all of this stuff. I don't have to wait for the bankruptcy. I'm getting ready now. Amen. Blasphemous names 62. Just like it is today, here we are. I, as I said, we're almost bankrupt. We're borrowing, spending money now on taxes paid 14 years from today. That's how far we are gone. Who got the money of the world? The Catholic Church. Who would it be loaned to the United States? See, sure, they'll borrow it from them. And when they do, they'll sell their birth rates out to the Roman Catholic Church. We consolidate. I read that quote. I'm sorry. It's the second time, but you needed it anyway. You didn't catch it the first time. The debt of America is in the trillions of dollars. If you were to just pay the interest alone, you would never catch up. So all of this exposure and why do they not like Trump? Because he's exposing the corruption from within. And even though he's in he's in office, a little judge here in Florida stops this program. little one over here and this and that. Since when? Well, you're seeing the opposition. This is the first time in the history of the United States that America is so completely divided. Amen. Amen. If you can't see it and see that this whole thing is just crumbling, hey, I I'm excited. I am. Thank God we're seeing these things come to pass. And um for in the first seal, now I'm going to read because this is the last several quotes I got all from the first seal. Just just bear with me now for a moment if I as I read this. In fact, I was going to have the brothers to go ahead and have brother Brennham to to do it, but I didn't have time to get them to set it up. And so let me read from the first seal. Now watch. In the end time, not in the early days when Christ was preaching, but in the end time, the last part of the week. Now, how many know that in the 70 weeks of Daniel, in the 70th week, Christ was cut off in the midst of the week? How many know that the first three and a half years or the first half of the 70th week of Daniel has already been fulfilled? And Christ was cut off in the midst of the week. And so this last half is going to be three and a half years. How long's the tribulation? Three and a half years. It's not seven years. He was cut off in the midst of the week. Amen. Amen. Is the bride going to go through the tribulation? No. She's going to be gone. So I'm saying these things are all getting prepared. And I'll tell you what, you better have the Holy Ghost. You better have the token applied to you and to your family. Cuz if you don't, you're foolish virgin and you're going to see the two witnesses. Cuz if you miss this Elijah, you'll catch the next one. God, help us to have the Isab an understanding of where we're at. See, is that right? this prince in that time is to make a covenant with Daniel's people, which is the Jews. That's when the bride's taken out. Now, she won't see it. They're making all of this stuff, getting ready to do it, but how close are we? We're not going to see it, but we're seeing all of the mechanics and dynamics being put together. So, how close are we? Amen. Amen. Next, this is just these are all chronologically in order. Uh in the last one and a half Daniels week, the people makes a covenant. This prince makes a covenant with Rome. Makes a covenant with them no doubt for the wealth for Catholic and Jews hold the wealth of the world. Then he goes in, he says, I was in the Vatican. Well, just go in and kneel down on one knee and kiss his finger. Because they told him, don't turn your back on the Pope. you go in, they wouldn't even let him have pant leg cuffs and stuff and said, "So you you you when you when you exit, don't turn your back on him and walk away from him." He said, "Okay, I'll call him Holy Father, whatever he wants, but I will not bow and kiss his ring." Amen. So he never got to meet the Pope. Thank God that he had enough gump, huh, to just say, "Hey, you know what? I'll call him whatever he wants." Yeah. I'll follow whatever protocol, but I'm not going to kiss his ring. I'm not going to bow down. But the world rulers are all doing it. You watch Trump will do it. He'll gravel at his feet. Amen. I said, "That's out. That's out." No, sir. I says, "I'll call any man a brother that wants to be a brother. I'll call him Reverend if he wants to be the title of that. But to worship a man that'll belong that all belongs to Jesus Christ." No, sir. kissing no man's hand like that he said look at it hundred billion billion dollars instead of the wealth of the world the Bible said was found in her just think of the great places the billion times and he goes on he said communism ain't nothing it's a tool in the hand of God to bring revenge upon the earth for the blood of the saints that's right now after the church is taken away now we're talking about bride Here we're not talking about church. Church will go through tribulation. Are we together on the doctrinal teaching? So the church here right now is synonymous for the bride. After the church is taken away, Rome and the Jews will make a covenant with one another. Bible said they would with the holy people. This nation is going to go busted. And the rest of the world that's on the gold standard is busted. You know that if we're living off of taxes, do bills for 40 years from now, where are we at? There's only one thing can happen. That's to call in the currency, pay off the bonds. We can't do it. Wall Street owns them. And Wall Street's controlled by the Jews. Now, stop here a minute. We're talking Wall Street Jews, not the 144,000. Paul said, "Not all who is a Jew who is Jew, but a Jew who's one inwardly." We're not talking Wall Street Jew. We're talking there's We're not talking the real Jew. We're talking Wall Street Jew. Okay. The rest of it's in the Vatican. So, you got two people got it. The Jews and the Vatican. And the Jews got the rest of it in Wall Street with the commerce of the world. And then, okay, I'm going to go to paragraph 352. Let's let's go on down here so I can save some time. The rich merchants of the earth are holded. Then there's only one thing to do. The Catholic Church can pay it off. She's the only one that's got the money. She can do it and she will do it. And in doing this to get it, she'll compromise with the Jews and make a covenant. Then she makes this covenant with the Jews. Now remember, I'm taking this from the scriptures. And now when she does and makes this covenant, we notice in Daniel 8 verse 23 and 25 will go will cause craft to prosper and craft his manufacturing in his hand. Paragraph 355. And he makes this covenant with the Jews. And in the midst of three and a half years, he breaks his covenant as soon as he gets the thing wrapped up and gets the money of the Jews tied up. When he does that, oh my my my, he's called the antichrist until the end of the church age, for he his children are called uh are against Christ and the word. This man's called the antichrist. Now he's going to hold the money and that's where I think he'll come in. He called the he is called the antichrist and we c and will be called the antichrist in the sight of God until the end time. But then he be called something else. The antichrist is going to change into the beast himself. And he will incarnate. Yes. Amen. Going to be incarnate in a man. Just like God is going to be incarnate in a bride. Hallelujah. Can't you see it? It's just as simple as could be. Paragraph 359. Now, when he gets the money all under control, that he'll break this covenant with the Jews. And Daniel here said he would do it in the midst of the last half of the 70th week of Daniel. Then, brother, what will he do? He will have all of the world trade and commerce of packed with the world because he will hold the wealth of the world completely. And during that time, then two prophets will rise on the screen, call 144,000. Then what will take place? Then the mark of the beast in Revelations 13 will set in because it holds all the commerce, trade, and everything out of the world. And what will take place then? The mark of the beast will come in that no man can buy or sell except that it has the mark of the beast. Thank God the church will be enjoying uh three and a half years in glory. You don't have to go through that. Hallelujah. I'll tell you what. Let me have my judgment now because it's a self judgment. So man, so let a man judge himself. Let him eat of that cup and drink of that that bread. Let him eat of the spiritual bread of this end time. Hallelujah. Do you catch it? Praise the Lord. Never before have we seen so many prophecies coming to pass just like it was in the first coming of Christ. This is the day of the revealing of the son of man. Amen. This is the day of the finished cycle. This is the day where we shall see him face to face. This is the day of the unveiling of God. Amen. John 14 29 says, "And I have told you before it come to pass. When it comes to pass, you might believe." See, that's what prophets do. That's it. I tell you before, do you you see it's foretelling a future event. This isn't here ye my people. I will bless you. If you seek my name, I will pour out my Ah, stop that. That's right. We know God's going to bless you. If you seek him, he will bless you. Okay? He'll pour out a blessing you cannot contain. That's not repeating scripture. Foretelling a future event. Tongues prophecy foretelling future event. Then it's got to be judged. Amen. That's right. Right. Because brother Brennham said, "Okay, Brandham Tabernacle, I've let you play with these gifts all these years now. Now we're going to put it in order." So he put it in order and they they judged these gifts instead of standing up and speaking in tongues. Another one translate over here and it just went before the people. Now now he said I'm going to put them in the back room and he says uh and we're going to check it out and okay so you spoke in tongues and you translated it. Write it down. Yeah. And you elders I want you to judge it. Was this of God or not? Yeah. We feel this is God. write your name down, then take it to the pulpit and let the pastor or one of the elders read it to the church. Is this is this church order? That's what he said. He said, "Now take that and judge it." And he says, "If it doesn't come to pass, he said those that spoke in tongues that translated and the elders need to step down because they got a they got a deceiving spirit." How many of the ministers around the world that have said thus sayaith the Lord this or that is going to happen and it didn't happen. Did they step down? I'm saying that when brother Brennham put Brennham Tabernacle in order, guess what? Junior Jackson and Don Riddle, we're out of here. They felt that brother Brenham grieved the Holy Spirit. Yeah. And and then they have the fight between the deacons. You remember that? Brother Brenham's deacons were calling them dead birds that had left. You remember that? It's all it's all on tape. And brother Bram said, "Now you, Junior Jackson believes this message as much as I do. Leave him alone. If he wants tongues and interpretation of gifts in his church, that's his problem." Amen. Huh? I remember a brother over in Zimbabwe. I was preaching for him and they had tongues and interpretation all the time. Seemed like every other service they had somebody stand up speak. He said, "Well, brother Ron, over here in uh Zimbabwe, we we just preach the pure word. We don't have these false spirits coming in here." And he I told him, I said, "You better do it the way Brother Brim said do it or you're going to get something to come in here one of these times." Well, it wound up that he said, "No, we're going to have it in the church." Well, I think the next weekend somebody stood up and spoke in tongues. And another translating said, "Hear ye people, your pastors in adultery." Ah, we're stopping all the gifts now. I tell you what, there's something coming in here and uh and everything. So, we ain't going to hear none of that. And he left that church and went somewhere else. Anyway, I don't believe in nonsense. Do you? I believe God is God. And I believe that this prophet began to show us things. Musicians, if you come, I'm I'm closing. Types and shadows are happening all around us. I didn't play all this stuff here for you to, you know, hey, listen. The Pope got elected. He's there. He's from the United States. Now what? Come on. Huh? It ain't changing my viewpoint. I'm I'm not no more serious than I was the week before. I just say, [Applause] hallelujah. We're we're closer than I thought. Amen. I think we're close. We're very, very close. So, we're seeing two kingdoms in conflict. Understand this right now. This is the God of this evil age is rising up and all those whose names are not written in the lamb's book of life will what? Be deceived. That's right. Even foolish virgin who doesn't have the token. They're going to be left behind, hunted down, persecuted, killed, martyed, all that poor little foolish lady doesn't have enough gumption to judge herself now. But when she realizes she's been left behind and they see all this stuff coming in, she'll have to give her life. Yeah. Amen. Because without the shedding of blood, there is no remission of sin. And guess what? When that last one comes in, the days of Gentile is over. And guess what? Blood leaves the mercy seat. It's over. Not be another Gentile saved. Even in white throne judgment. Watch this now. Foolish virgin. I want to ask you a question. Why did sheep wind up with goats at the end time at white throne judgment? They're sheep. They're his. But they were foolish. Amen. To believe all that the prophet had said. They didn't get the token. The token. What is the token? The Holy Ghost to lead you and guide you into all the truth. Amen. Foolish virgin. is going to wind up at white throne judgment. And they asked, "Well, brother Renham, are they going to be saved?" "Oh, yes, of course they're saved." He said, "Well, they do they get saved at white throne judgment?" He said, "No." That's when the sentencing, but because they were sheep, do you understand? They were born again. Born again. Here's doctrinal teaching. The new birth is not the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's not the adoption. Now, Brother Bram says in the seven church age book, he says, "We all know that the new birth and being born again or the new birth and baptism of the Holy Ghost are one and the same." Direct quote. So that looks like oh the new birth is the infilling of the Holy Ghost. Brother Ram said now I know that's going to create a lot of confusion. So for the next three pages, three pages he says let me tell you what I believe it means. And he says the modernists and the fundamentals they believe this and this and when you accept Christ and you're born again you get the Holy Ghost. He said, "No, no, no, no, no, no." Cuz he goes through the scriptures in Hebrews. Though he were born a son, an heir to all things, he must go through a time of tutors and governors to prove whether or not he's a true son or not to hear ye him. You follow that? Amen. All of the quotes and I bear you to record even after the opening of the seals. Brother Brennham, will all born again believers go in the rapture? If the new birth is the Holy Ghost, Brother Brennham answers these questions incorrectly. Right. Yes. Go. Hey, get into your books. Come on. Get into your table. You check it out. You find out cuz brother Brennham says, "I'll tell you." He says, "Water, blood, spirit, justification, sanctification." He said, "Baptism of the Holy Spirit produces the new birth." Born again, there's really been a change in me. You're now a new babe, born again, but are you going to be a true son? Are you going to do what you know to do? What does your report card say from your tutors and governors? Oh, they don't come to church very much. They wear the worldly fashion. They paint their nails. They cut their hair. They wear their high heels. [Music] It's like a brother in South Africa asked me. He said, "Are those people listening to the same tapes we're listening to?" I said, "They're listening, but they're not hearing." You judge yourself this morning. I will tell you, I'm going to say a very bold statement. Chances are the very life you are living right now at this very moment will be the life you're living when he comes. Think about that. If you're compromising, [Music] if you're not doing all the word of God right now, chances are you won't do it when he comes. In other words, you're foolish. And I'm not trying to make everybody wise because you can't. He said in every church are how many kinds of believers? True believer make believer unbeliever. But you manifest out of your life which one you are. God help me to manifest the word of God as a true believer. Amen. Amen. The last quote here, the God of this evil age. Now, God telling us here in the last days that the God of this world will rise up in the last days. Whosoever shall add one word to it, take one word from it. His part taken from the book of life. Notice from the book of life, not lamb's book of life. Because those who got the Holy Ghost are in the lamb's book of life, not the book of life. Everyone's in the book of life. Good, bad, seed, non seed. Strange now after some 1900 years of the gospel preaching and now she that world system is more evil in the days when that when he was here. The world system is more evil. The world is heading to a great climax. You know that the Lord is fulfilling his word on every hand. Amen. Amen. Now, we can say all kinds of things. We can show you current events. We can show you that this prophet was right. He's prophesied these things. We see them coming to pass. What are you going to do with it? Good question. Oh, okay. So, it's up to you. What are you going to do with it? Yes. What did the message do to you? Yeah. Has it changed you? Has it caused you to get more in love with God? Or are you just kind of just going along? You young people, you listen to me. Old people also. Don't play with this. Amen. It's going home time. How much longer do we have? Months? Years? I don't know. All I say is all of this this America is rising up. She's going to She starts like a lamb. She's going to end like a dragon. This system will start killing people. You wait until the peel horse rider rides and death and hell follow him. This whole world is going to go insane. They'll kill you thinking they're doing God a service because their God tells them. Anybody that doesn't agree with us, we'll put them just like 68 million in the time of the Reformation. Huh? Imagine that. Yeah. Cuz who's who's who's going to stand up for you? No. You better make your stand now. You better know what you believe cuz we're we're getting out of here one of these days, saints. Hey, I'm excited. Let's all stand together. God bless you this morning. Thank you. I'm sorry it's a little bit of a different service. I didn't really preach. I wanted to show you some things. Showing you that this image that we're we are presently in United States of America. It's an image unto the beast. Amen. And looks like it's innocent and it's okay. and our president saying, "Hey, I I love the Catholic. I love the Catholic Church." Well, I I can't wait to go meet the [Music] Pope. Thank God, saints of God, we're not going to see this tribulation. The tribulation you're seeing right now is between you and God. Got all kinds of turmoil, troubles, this and that. Man, make it right. Let's go. Huh? Yeah. I don't want to be here. That's right. God help me. I don't want to be here. I don't want to see these two witnesses. No, I've seen the one witness. Malachi 4, Revelation 10:7. Amen. He said, "Get ready. He's coming." Amen. We are the generation. We're the culmination. Brother Robert, help me out. Amen. And we are the generation. We're the nation. The final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. Overcoming sins, temptation. The truth will come through every tongue and nation. We are Amen. Sing it with confidence and a declaration. We are the generation. We are the generation. With the promination, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is [Music] nearly the revelation. Overcome the sins of truth. Potter's hand. Potter's hand. If you'll pull the words up for Potter's hand. We are St. K. St. [Music] K. Potter's hand. Beautiful Lord. Beautiful Lord. Wonderful Savior. By your worship that all of my names are held in your hand, grafting to your perfect. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit teaching me to live all my life. And through your eyes, I kept my holy calling. Set me aart. I know you draw me to yourself. Hold me, Lord. I pray. Take me. Make me. Take [Music] me and me. I gave my life to the father's hand. Just hold me for God. beside me. I give my life to the sing it one more time. Sing it as a prayer to him this morning. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all my days are held in your hands. I to your perfect place. He's the one that does the calling. Gently call me into your presence, guiding me by. Your Holy Spirit teach me Lord to live all my life. All through your I can't your calling. Oh set me a high. I know you draw me to yourself. Holy me. Hallelujah. [Music] Would that be your prayer today? You spill me. I give my life to the [Music] father. Yes, Lord. Yes, we do. and hold me. Guide me beside me. Amen. That's what he wants us to do is give our life to him. Amen. He's got it all in control. Before we go this morning, aren't you glad that Jesus Christ has it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Put that downur way down in my soul. He's got it all. Have faith and confidence in this. My father knows what. Yes. Amen. My father knows what I need. And everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows and we have confidence when we sing this. Amen. I put my diamond in his hand. Lord, we do. We do. I put my life in his hand. So every road I walk down his name. I put my life. Amen. Let's give the Lord a praise offering with our hands this morning. Amen. Amen. And let's bow our heads this morning as we get ready to dismiss. Heavenly Father, today we heard current events. We heard the prophet's voice that is still speaking the truth. And we heard a prophecy that is being fulfilled right before our eyes. And Lord, we put our lives in your hands. And that's the best place to put our lives in because you know just what we have need of when we're weak and feeble. You carry us along life's road. That's when there was one set of footprints in the S. You were carrying us. And Lord, we say thank you for those times when you're carrying us in your hands cuz we trust in you. We ask you to bless brother Ron. We ask you to bless our visitors today. We bless ask you bless the sick and the afflicted, Lord. The ones that we had prayer for, Lord, will you touch each of those needs today. Will you bless the moms today on Mother's Day, Lord, we thank you for a godly mom that lives a Christian life. The fifth gospel has been referred to so many times, the mother of the home, the preacher of the home, the fifth gospel. We thank you for the moms. We ask you to bless them today and we love you and we praise you. And everyone said, "Amen." Remember the service Wednesday night. We'd like all moms to go through the main doors this morning, the sanctuary here. Everybody else can go out the other doors, but moms, please go out the door. The church would like to give to you today a rose and an offering today. This money is for you, not for your kids, your husband. It's for you. You spend it on you. It's a you gift today from the church to you. And as we go this morning, I'm glad I was in the presence of the Lord. Made me glad. St. Key made me glad. Some from Psalms 34. It says, "I will bless the Lord forever." Made me glad and I will trust him at all times. He has He has And he has delivered me from all fear. And he has set my feet upon the rock and I will not be moved. I'll say the Lord, you are my shield, my strength, my foreign deliver, my shall t my very present help in time of You know how I in you and there's none I desire beside you. Hallelujah. And you have made me. My testimony says I'll say of the Lord, you are my shield, my strength, my [Music] portion, my shield to show where my presence. Is this your testimony? If it is, lift your hand as a declaration and say, "You are my shield, my strength. Not me, but him, my portion deliver, my shelter from town, my very pres." God bless you today. All moms, visiting moms as well. If you're a visitor here, please go through the main door. God bless you. Remember the service Wednesday night. Brother James Love. I'll be preaching. Please keep him in prayer. Lord bless you. Have a blessed day today. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] This [Music] is a Beautiful. [Music] Oh no. [Music]
