################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-07 - Who is Worthy to Take the Book - Bro. Chad Lamb - 33rd Anniversary Meetings - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-07
Title:    Who is Worthy to Take the Book - Bro. Chad Lamb - 33rd Anniversary Meetings
Speaker:  Chad Lamb
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64jw1MejVMc
========================================

Description:
2025-0406 Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Okay. [Music] Yeah. Hello. [Music] I'm happy. [Music] [Music] Oh, you Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. It's good to be in his presence this morning. Here I am to worship. Let's stand. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all to him. Love me all together. worthy all together to wonderful. The chorus again. Here I am to worship. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am. Say that you're my all together all together. all together. Wonderful to me. Pour your spirit out on [Applause] me. Fall just like the rain. Oh s rain. My thirsty soul come and pull the fresh on me. Fill my cup again. That's my prayer today. And heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Oh, pour your Is that your prayer this morning? If it is, lift your hand and sing. Pour your spirit out, your spirit. Lord, that's our prayer. That's our request today. Just like the rain. Oh, hallelujah. That's the rain. My thirsty come and fall on me. Build my cup again. [Music] Heal my heart and make me [Music] whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Healer of the broken [Music] pieces. You touched my heart and made me. All he specializ is in touching hearts. Now my whole life my surrender. I lay it down before the men. Lord I give my heart to you and love that song before. All election and predestination brought me here to be in the presence of the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, now I live to praise you. Oh me, I to praise you. Healer of my heart. Let us worship here. The healer is here. Healer of the broken pieces. Oh, thank you Lord. Touch my heart and make me new. And now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the vendor. Lord, give my heart to you. [Music] before I knew you had [Music] me. Now I'm made to praise you. I praise you, oh he. Oh, what a healer he is this morning. Lord, we clap our hands. We lift our voices in praise. We honor you this morning. Lord, we glorify you. You said, "Let everything that hath breath praise you." And Lord, we're here to praise you and we're here to hear from you today because you're an awesome God. Oh, you're so worthy. Don't you love him today? Hallelujah. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you from the you deserve the glory. We can all agree that he's worthy. He worthy of it all. We give it all back to you, Lord. We're worthy of it all. For from you are [Music] all and you deserve the glory. All the saints and the elders and all the saints and angels they bow before your throne. And all theers cast their crowns before the lamb of God. and sing you're worthy of you are worthy. You're so [Music] [Applause] [Music] worthy for [Music] you. You Amen. He deserves all the glory. Saints, we have been so blessed. Amen. To sit in the presence of the Lord and to be minister to. And the best thing is we got one more service to be just delighted in the presence of the king this morning. Oh, he's worthy today. Amen. Our prayer request this morning, we have one written down. Sister Ramono Love all is not feeling well. We'll ask the Lord, the healer, to stop by her house during this service and give her a touch. A lot of people will be traveling today and after the services. May the Lord give everyone traveling mercies. Brother David Deanhart has a praise report this morning. And my wife Diane, Sister Diane, who we prayed for last night. They could not find nothing. She is completely well. Praise the Lord. Thank you for your prayers. Amen. So good. So good. Brother Steven McNeely, will you come pray this morning? Sister Peace, one of our faithful translators here, says this morning, I developed a sensitivity to sound in my left ear whenever I was using the headsets about a year ago. Uh, this would affect me while I was translating or using them in general to the point that I would have to uh turn it on the lowest volume possible to avoid the pain. I was worried about this for the meetings, but I thank God that he hears our very thoughts, too. I had some horrible burning pain Friday at work while using headsets, but to my surprise, I have not felt any pain translating in all of the post meet these meetings. And I find that truly amazing. Amen. We give the Lord praise this morning. He hears and he answers our need. If you got a need this morning, you pray with Brother Steven as he leads us in prayer. If you got a need, lift your need today. Brother Steven will lead us in prayer today. He knows our hearts. The Lord, let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, what an honor and a privilege it is that we can be called the sons and daughters of God. That we can gather together, Lord, at a a congregation with with in this size, Lord, bringing our licks of fire together, Lord, Father, for a purpose that we might hear from you, Lord. You can feel the expectation, Father, in the atmosphere. And so, we're expecting, Lord, and for you to come by and to speak to hearts. And I ask, Father, that you would break the bread of life to us. That you would multiply the fish and the loaves, Lord. That you would open the heart, Lord, of our understanding, Father God, that we may not only hear from you, but receive of your word and understand it in our hearts. Father, I ask now a special blessing upon our brother Chad as he would come and lay his gift down at the altar. We ask you would anoint him and inspire him and use the gift mightily, Lord, for thy kingdom's glory and everything else that is said and done, Lord. We ask that it would be done and in uh to honor you and to bring glory to your name. Father, many uh requests upon the hearts of your people perhaps that have not been written down. We ask that you would move because you are the God that hears and answers prayer whether it's spoken, whether it's unspoken, whether it's within the hearts of your people because that's what you do, Lord. Father, we are excited and we are just so uh uh expecting a great moving of your spirit. We love you now and we commit all things into your hands for thy kingdom's glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Why don't you shake your neighbor's hand, someone beside you, behind you, in front of you, and tell them God bless you and want to welcome all our guests and our visitors. Want to welcome our streamers today. Most of all, we welcome the Lord. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Brother Moses, if you get ready to sing, Moses, if you get ready to sing after we sing this. Oh, I want to see him and look upon his face. As I journey through the land, singing as I go, point angles to Calvary. Crimson, many pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on and through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. I'll hold that ever to rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I'll cling for close to him. He does give me light. Satan snares me breaks my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Oh, but my Lord looks ahead and leads what every time. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing for it of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice here on that ever to rejoice. And when it valleys low, I look toward the mountain high. And behold, my savior there he's leading in the mine. And with a tender hand I'll stretch toward the valley low. This is what he's doing. Guiding me. I can see as I onward go. Hallelujah. Him. Look upon his face. [Music] Forever I've been saving [Music] grace. Me lift my voice on that. I'm holding down that ever to rejoice when before me pillows rise the mighty deed. And the Lord directs my mark. He does safely. And he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me and oh I love him so hallelujah look upon his [Music] face up in saving [Applause] gra let me lift my boy cares on I'm home at night ever to rejoice hallelujah Yeah, I'm sensing [Music] Brothers and sisters, I want to share Yeah. A gold nugget. Oh [Music] yeah. That I found in the boy was field. Oh my. A little boy didn't know his true identity. Oh yeah. [Music] until one day he came across a mirror. Oh yeah. He scratched his head, jumped up and down and saw his reflection and say, "Mama, mama, mama, that's me. He said, "Mama, mama, mama, that's [Music] me." I can see myself in the spoken word. My mind, that's me. Justified like never seen before. Mama, I'm perfect. Oh, that's me. My M [Music] He saw what eyes had no sin and here for my life struck the stone is known as not before the word began. The book became new. He ate the book and became the [Music] book. The seed is quickened. Quicken. The seed is quickened. He can speak the mind of God. He can walk just as God. He is the mystery of Christ revealed. He said, "Mama, mama, mama, that's me." He said, "Mama, mama, mama, that's me." I can see myself in a spoken word. my mind at me. I'm Jesus in bright. I'm omnipotent. Oh, that's me. [Music] Oh [Music] my. Oh yeah. I'm perfect. Omni potent. I'm an eagle. That's me. Oh, I'm free. I'm healed. I'm blessed. That's me. Oh, that's me. [Music] It's already done. It's already done. Jordan Straer, Lydia Neil, and Madison McGary, would you come? It's already done. Mama, that's me. I'm justified. It's already done. [Music] Halleluah. It's already done. I will praise the Lord. The battle is over and the victory is won. It's already done. I'm already healed by his grace. Oh, I'm already here. I sing hallelujah. Oh, we can praise him. Praise the Lord. The battle is over and the victory is one. It's all ready. My family is sealed. Oh, how thankful we are. My family is here. Oh, hallelujah. My family is here. I will praise you, Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already [Music] done. Amen. Lorissa and Flo, will you get ready? Florence, if you'll get ready to sing with Jordan right after them, we appreciate it. [Music] I'm kind of homesick. Amen. [Music] For a country to which I've never been before. No sad [Music] goodbyes will there be spoken and time won't [Music] matter anymore. [Music] more beautiful land. I'm longing for you. [Music] And someday all thee I'll sing there. My hope shall be [Music] eternal. Beautiful lamb. sweep you the land. [Music] I'm looking now across that river to where my faith will land inside. It's just a few more days to [Music] labor. Then I will take my heavenly fly. [Music] to the lamb. I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll say there my hope shall be eternal. [Applause] [Music] You land sweet you and there my home shall be eternal. [Applause] [Music] You love them. Sweet. You [Music] Amen. Thank you for that beautiful song. [Music] is the face that I see in the mirror. The one I want others to see. Do I show in the way that I walk in my life? The love that you should give to me. My heart's desires to be like you in all that I do. All I am. Do they see Jesus in me? Do they recognize your face? Do I communicate your love and your grace? Do I reflect who you are in the way I choose to be? Do they see [Music] Jesus Jesus in me? Oh, it's amazing that you'd ever use me, Lord, but use me the way you will. Help me to hold out a heart of compassion and grace, a heart that your spirit fills. May I show forgiveness and mercy the same way you've shown it to me? Do they see Jesus in me? Do they recognize your face? Do I communicate your love and your grace? Do I reflect who you are in the way I choose to be? [Music] Do they see Jesus? Jesus in [Music] me. Now I want to show the whole world that you are the reason I live and breathe. [Music] So you'll be the one that they see when they see me. Do they see Jesus in me? Do they recognize your face? Do I communicate your love and your grace? Do I reflect who you are in the way I choose to be? Do they see [Music] Jesus? Jesus in [Music] me. Oh, do I reflect who you are in the way I choose to be? Do they see Jesus Jesus in me? Wow, what a beautiful song. Let's stand this morning as brother Chad comes. I'm not my own. I'm not my own. on the key of F. I belong to Jesus. Are you glad you belong to Jesus this morning? I'm not my own. Amen. Let's give the Lord a preeminence this morning that we can be fed the word of God and give brother Chad your undivided attention and you'll go home blessed. I truly believe it. I'm not my own. I belong to Jesus as brother Chad comes this morning. I'm not my own. Amen. I am redeemed. Bought with a price. Don't know that one. I am [Music] redeemed with a pride. Oh Jesus, he has changed my whole life. If anybody be as you just I just tell them that I is that your testimony. If it is, lift your hand and [Music] [Applause] sing. God bless you today. [Music] Jesus, he has changed my whole life. [Music] Tell them that I am redeemed. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Oh, it's so good to know that we're redeemed. Praise God. Just want to say we love you all so very much. We've enjoyed ourselves. Uh really enjoyed ourselves. Enjoyed the atmosphere. Appreciate Brother Ron for the invitation. I feel like it's a privilege just to be here this weekend and I uh so enjoy your hospitality and your welcoming spirit and your pull on the word. It's made such a difference for me. It's been quite a blessing. So, I'd like to just start with bowing our heads and thanking the Lord. Dear heavenly father, we thank you so much, Lord, for you've been so good to us. God, every time that we can gather like this, Lord, it's a privilege. May we never take it for granted. May it never become common place to us. But every time you gather your children together, Lord, may it be a special time. And may we come with great expectation, Lord, to hear from you. For you have not gathered us in vain. That you don't just keep traditions, Lord, for tradition's sake. But you've gathered us to speak to us, Lord. And God, we're hungry for more of your word. We're hungry to hear from you. We want, Lord, more. We want all that you have for us. I pray God as we come to you, would you come and feed your sheep, Lord? Would you use this vessel of clay as I surrender myself to you? May you take full control. May you have preeminence and may you take your liberty to speak as you wish to move me any direction you want, Lord. May you come and meet needs and speak your word in a way, Lord, that will open our eyes. May you take the Isav and rub it in our eyes, Lord, that we might see more than we've ever seen before. May recognize our day and its message and our place in this word. And may God, you accomplish what you intended to accomplish today. May it be done. May there be nothing that would hinder you in any way. May we surrender it all to you now. We love you and ask your blessings upon your people. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Then before we're seated, if we could just take our Bibles and turn to the book of Revelation and turn to Revelation chapter 5. Just want to say how much I enjoyed the service last night and I and I feel like for me the two services that brother Jason had ministered were for me personally and they blessed me in such a great way. some things that I really needed to hear, needed to be reminded of, and encouraged in. And so, I'm going home uh encouraged and blessed. And so, I'm thankful for that. Um, Brother Jason's always been a brother that I admired very much. When I was first in the message, when I first came to the truth, he was a minister that I listened to quite a bit. He was very much tied into our church at that time, helping in the missions work in Russia with brother Lonnie. So, we got quite familiar and quite acquainted with him. and he doesn't remember me then because I just showed up to the church and I didn't but I remember him very vividly and the impact that he had on me and so it's been a pleasure to be here with him in these meetings and so let's just turn our attention now to the word uh Revelation 5 verse one and I saw on the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside side sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof. And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. And one of the elders said unto me, "Weep not, behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof." And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb, as it had been slain, having seven horns, and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth unto all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Amen. Amen. May the Lord add his blessing as we read. May you can have your seats. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'd like to take for a subject this morning, Lord willing, who is worthy to take the book. And brother M says much about this. And as we just read, God bless you, Sister Diane Dean Hart. It's so good to see you here. So thankful for that praise report. Amen. When we look at these uh uh look at the scripture here, we find that there was a book sealed with seven seals written on the inside and the outside sealed with seven seals. And it was being held by the original owner, the originator of the book. Amen. Which was God himself. And we know how he got the book, why he's holding the book, because Adam lost the book. And he lost the book of redemption. He lost the title deed, the the right to the inheritance of all of creation. and all of the earth, the right to rule and eternal life and all the things that are wrapped up in this. He had lost it and it couldn't go to Satan's dirty hands. So, it went back to the originator. Amen. But really, God did not want to hold this book. God didn't want this book. If God wanted the book, he wouldn't have given it to Adam in the first place. Amen. So, God's not the one who wanted to hold the book. The book wasn't for God. Amen. The book was the inheritance of God. The book was the family of God. The book was the purpose of God. The book was the mind of God. The book was God. It declared that God wanted to be made flesh, tangible, his attributes flesh as a family of God upon the earth in fellowship. And he gave that book to Adam so that Adam could make what was in the book manifest upon the earth. Amen. And before he could come to bring the manifestation of the contents of the book and the manifestation on the earth, he had fallen. And so now he lost the right to that book. And that book had to go back to the originator. And he's holding it. And remember, he gave that book to man. Amen. And so now he's holding the book waiting for another man who can take the book. Hallelujah. Cuz the book is is was given to man and he has to have a man who can take back the book because God doesn't want to hold this book. He wants to give it to man. That's why it says in verse two, "And I saw a strong angel proclaim with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof." Now the question is worthiness. Who is worthy? And and brother Bam said there was angels there who had never sinned. There was cherubam and saraphims and there was the whole heavenly host. Amen. But it it wasn't for them. It had to be a man. It had to be a kinsman redeemer. It had to be uh someone who had come in like flesh who was able to take the book and who was worthy. Amen. And so the cry went out for the worthy one. Amen. And it said, "And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon." And I wept much because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. Amen. So, brother Bam says in the breach he says so it took a human kinsman and he asked for it and he wasn't found nowhere there's nobody no bishop no archbishop no priest no hierarchy no nothing was even that didn't even have the holiness enough to even look at the book my that's pretty strong but that's what the Bible said friend I'm just quoting what John said he said no man was able uh not just to take the book and to loose the seals. But no man was even able to look at the book. Nobody look at the contents because it was sealed up in the mind of God. It was God's original mystery plan. And so no man was worthy. And John wept much. And brother Bam said he wept because he knew that all creation is lost. If there's not a man that can take back the right to rule creation, to be God over the creation, if there's no man that comes forth, all of creation is lost. Amen. So he's crying and weeping. Amen. Cuz because he we we need a redeemer. We have to have a redeemer. There must be a man. There's got to be somebody that can take back what we've lost. And he's weeping. And finally, one of the elders. Amen. And I love what what what uh brother Jason said last night. And he was one of those elders. That's right. One of those 24 elders. Amen. Said, "Come weep not, John, because there is one who has prevailed. There is one who's able to take the book and to loose the seven seals thereof. Amen. And he looked to see a lion because it was called for a lion and he saw a lamb. Amen. So, we're all up to speed. Amen. So then, Brother Bam says, "Then we see rejoicing and pandemonium break out in heaven. Because all of heaven was waiting for this moment too. All of heaven was waiting for the man that can come forward and take back, amen, what was redeemed to claim, Amen. to take the claim of the inheritance that Adam lost. And here comes the man and everybody was rejoicing and all heavens broke out in praise. But then we come down to verse 13. And in verse 13 it says, "And every creature which was in heaven and on earth and under the earth, and as such as are in the sea, and all that are in them heard I saying, blessing and honor, and glory, and power be unto him that siteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb forever and ever." Amen. Something happened that changed John from weeping to rejoicing. Amen. He was weeping because all is lost. He was weeping because there was nobody found. Amen. Moses wasn't worthy. Amen. David wasn't worthy. There was no man that was worthy. And he was weeping cuz all creation is lost. But now the lamb comes and takes the book to open the seals. And he begins rejoicing and says everybody, all heaven, all earth, everything under the earth heard me shouting praises and glory and worthy is the lamb forever and ever. Amen. And we know brother BM tells us that John is typing the bride. One man in the vision can type the entire church. And he's screaming. That's all of us, friends, because there was a lamb that could take the book. Amen. And this is the age that he took the book. Amen. And this is our rejoicing that redemption claims are met. There's somebody that can take the inheritance. And now he's come forth to make a claim. That's it. That's right. And we're part of that claim. He's claiming us. He's claiming everything that was lost because we were lost. When the book was bound up, we were bound up with the book. But now we've been loosed. [Applause] praise be to God. Oh, here's how Brother Brem says it in the third seal. I think it's marvelous. The the prophetic insight absolutely stuns me sometimes. He says, "John said everybody in heaven, everything beneath the earth, everything heard him praising God about it. John must have found his name on there." Amen. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. This is We're still in chapter 5. We're not in chapter six where the lamb peels back the seal. Something happened to John that he knew his name was part of that book. He knew he was bound up in that sealed book. And when the redeemer came forth to claim the book, he was free. He was claimed. He was restored. And how did he how did he find his name on there? That's it. Come on. Hey, listen. He didn't find it by reading. That's right. That's right. He didn't find it by reading, friends. He found it by revelation. He knew by revelation that he was part of that. And when the lamb was stepped forward and took the book, he was now rejoicing. Amen. Rejoicing. Because he wasn't yet reading. He knew his name was in that book. That's it. Listen, you're not going to discover your name in that book by reading. That's right. It's going to be by revelation. Amen. Amen. And we know now that we we come and we're just skipping so many things, friends, but we're going to go to Revelation 10:7. Revelation 10:7 now. And he says in Revelation 10 uh not 7 10:1 and I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head and his face was it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. Brother Venom said none other than Christ it could be. So this is Jesus Christ returning. Amen. Coming back to claim dominion. Amen. Putting everything under his feet. Everything on earth and everything in the sea is now under his dominion because he's got the book. Amen. The right to rule all of creation. And he comes with an open book in his hand. Brother Brandham said the same book that was closed in Revelation chapter 5 is now open in the hand of the mighty angel which is Christ. So he's bringing the book back to the earth. Amen. Amen. That's right. Oh, I love these things. I love them so much. They're so real in my heart. They mean so much to me that I'm about to burst. And then when I go to say something, there's nothing to say. What words can express what goes on inside? What human language can actually take the feeling that's going on inside of us and be able to explain it. You say, "I'm about to bust." What is it over? What are you about to bust? Because the book's open. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. It's somebody who hasn't seen their name in the book and doesn't know what redemption is all about. Doesn't know how they were bound up and locked down under those seals. Amen. They don't know what it means that the book is open and the mighty angels descended and he's brought the closed book that was separated from man. He's brought it back to earth as an open book in our day. Amen. And you get you get so overjoyed and you try to describe it. And and this is why brother Brandham said, "I just feel like speaking in tongues. I don't have language enough." That's the truth. Amen. There was times I'm walking in my hotel this morning, pacing the floor, and I'm thinking there's something's welling up, another language in me. I'm about to pop. I don't know what to say. There's nothing I can say to express this. Lord, you just feel like speaking in tongues in a heavenly language. What are you so excited about? The mighty angel descended with an open book in his hand. That's right. That's right. What are you shouting about, John the Lamb took the book? Because I saw my name in that book. How did you see it? What eyes did you use? It wasn't these eyes, friends. There was another set of eyes John saw his name on that book with. [Music] And he comes down Amen. And we know he he he declares that time shall be no more and seven thunders utter their voice. John was about to ride. He was told not to write it. And then we're told in the days uh and the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God. That's it. That was the mystery that was locked in this book. The mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his servants to prophets. Amen. Amen. So this was just our introduction. Now the subject is who is worthy to take the book because no man in heaven, no man on earth, no man under the earth was able to take the book to loose the seals or even to look at the book. Talk about a special book. Amen. But now when the mighty angel comes and brings the book back to earth, we go to verse 8. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again and said, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." What are you talking about? Nobody's allowed to touch this book. Yeah, nobody's allowed to look at this book. Nobody's worthy to touch it. Nobody can loose the seals of it. Nobody can even look at it. And now a voice from heaven says, "Go to the mighty angel." That's right. Amen. Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth. The angel that has full dominion again. Go to that angel and take the book. Something happened, friends. Something's happened between Revelation 5 and Revelation chapter 10. Something drastic has changed concerning this book because nobody could touch it, look at it, nobody could look on it, nobody could read it, nobody could do any, no man could do anything. But now that the worthy one has come and taken and loosed the seals and brought the open book back. Now the command is to go and take the book. Amen. And he says, "And I went into the angel." Brother Ben said, "This is Christ." And I went into the angel and I said unto him, "Give me the little book." Amen. Think about it. He didn't say, "Please." [Music] My goodness. Look at the Bible language, friends. He didn't gravel. He didn't come on his knees, you know. He didn't do pentance. He didn't. He just did what the voice from heaven told him to do. He came to the mighty angel said, "Give me the book." There there was a cry from a strong angel said, "Who's worthy to come and take the book?" And John, you know, he's cowering down. He's not worthy to take the book. He can't do anything with this book. He can't look at this book. Amen. And he his heart's pounding hoping that somebody can come. He's weeping much cuz nobody's worthy. And all of a sudden, a cry comes out. Hey, don't weep. There's one worthy. and his turns to shouting, "Praise God, there's a worthy one." Cuz he knew he wasn't the worthy one. He knew there was nobody else worthy. Amen. But now all of a sudden, something has changed. And the voice says, "Go to the angel with the book in his hand and and and and take the little book." And he says, "Give me the book." And I love what the mighty angel says. Take it. Amen. [Applause] This book in this age is only for a certain category of people. This isn't for everybody. This didn't come to anybody. This is not Amen. for anybody that'll hear this. This was to John. A voice from heaven told John, "Go to the angel and take the book." And why did he have to go to the angel? Why didn't he go to the seventh church age messenger for the book? Exactly right. Amen. Because when brother Brandham got to the end of the of the seven seals, he says, "Now, now he says, now don't say thank you to any man." That's right. That's it. Don't say thank you to any man. He goes, "Nobody. I didn't have anything to do with this." He said, "I just went into the room." Amen. And he met me there every day. He says, "If he hadn't met me there, I would have made a horrible mistake today." He says, "I was looking through books and old notes that I had and other things people wrote and I got to where I think I had it figured out and all of a sudden he came on the scene and totally changed everything. And every day an angel met him in that room and gave him a vision. In the vision, he would just go to writing it down. Then he would spend the rest of the day running it through the scriptures and he would come back and bring it to the people. He says, "Don't say thank you to any man." No man had anything to do with this because it was the mighty angel that opened the book. Only the lamb can take the book and only the lamb can loose the seals. The seventh angel couldn't loose the seals. The seventh angel couldn't reveal the book. He was just given the information. And then he would come to the pit and tell you that's right what he was told. That's exactly right. So he said I can't take any credit for this. So now we we can't go to the seventh angel for the open book. We have to go to the mighty angel. The one who took it, the one who opened it, the one who revealed it. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We said this is for a certain category of people. He's sitting there holding an open book in his hand and the voice says, "Go take the book out of the hand. John comes up and says, "Give me the book." Amen. Amen. And the angel says, "Take it." Listen, God is not This is not a passive thing, friends. That's right. This is not for anybody. This is not just for uh lazy Christians, half-hearted people who just floating along and part of a group and coming along. This is for somebody who wants it more than anything. This is for somebody who's seen their name in the book. This is for somebody who knows what redemption's all about and craving craving craving the contents of that book. And he says, "Go take the book." And he says, "Give me the book." And he says, "Take it." He doesn't package it up and bring it down and hand it to him and say, "Point here and point." No. He says, "If you want it, come and get it. It's open. It's available. But come to me and take it out. Show me you're hungry. Show me you want it. Persevere. P on. Amen. God's not here playing. He doesn't play little simple games with the people. Hey, if you want it, come and get it. God has never had hot bed plans. He's never had to baby a sheep. He's looking for rugged Christians who want redemption, who want the truth, who want the word, who are willing to press, who will go to the mighty angel and say, "Give me the book. I got to have that book." And and God doesn't say, "Oh, that was so nice that you come to me like that. Let me come and Take it. Take jump higher. How bad do you want? This is for a special category of people. Take the book. Hallelujah. And he says, "And eat it up." What kind of book is this? What What kind of book is this that you can take and eat? Brother Venom shows us like it was in a form of a scroll. It was rolled up with a seal on it and another roll around it. And you peel it back over seven seals. Amen. And now there's an open book in his hand, an open scroll, however you want to picture it. But remember, the book of Revelation is a book of symbols. So this is a book. Don't go over there picture John going up to somebody taking paper scrolls out of his hand and chewing on paper. Listen, this is not what this is. This is the revelation of the truth, the mystery of God. And you can come and be part of this mystery, but you've got to consume it. You got to become one with it. You've got to ingest it. It's got to come inside of you. This isn't something you're going to hold in your hand. This isn't something you're going to read from. It's not something you're going to quote. This is something that's going to come inside of you and take over your life and change who you are. You're going to become what you eat. Praise the Lord. Now, I want to know what changed. Amen. John couldn't touch the thing. He couldn't even look upon it. Like and now he's eating it. Who is worthy to take this book? How did John become worthy? Yes. Not to take the book, not just to read the book, but how did he become worthy to eat the book? Beautiful. There's some good questions. And listen, I'll tell you friends, I don't know that I have all the answers. Well, I'm not I'm not I'm not saying I don't know. I know I don't have all the answers. That's the easier way to say it. There's so many things in this revelation that we still don't have a good handle on. But I tell you one thing, forgetting those things that are behind them, pressing forward in this revelation of this message. Amen. What caused the Ephesian age to fail, they stop pressing forth in the spirit and they begin to cool off and relax and fall back. But praise God, there's a whole lot of things I still don't understand in the message. But I'm pressing forward in the spirit because it's been given to us. Amen. To consume and to become one with. That's right. Amen. That's right. Said, "Take it and eat it up, and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey." I think that's all of our experience. It was the most delicious thing we've ever heard in our lives. The mystery of God revealed, the great plan that God had, the three-fold purpose Christ is the mystery of God revealed, all of those things. But then when you go to live it and retell it and share it and rejection and persecution and becomes bitter as you digest it and it becomes one with you. You start to feel the bitterness of the life of Christ because he was rejected and he was cast out and he was pushed aside and he was accused of having devils and it verse 10. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and I ate it up and it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again." Amen. Before many peoples and nations and tongues, and kings, I looked up this word prophesy. Amen. And in the Greek, it has the traditional meanings that we would understand to speak forth by divine inspiration to predict the future, the foretelling of future events. But there's also a definition in the concordance in the Strong's concordance and it says to utter forth declare a thing which can only be known by divine revelation. Amen. Oh, praise be to God. He says, "Go prophesy again." Amen. He's not telling the bride. Amen. You've got to go and tell future events and you got to accurately predict what's going to happen in the next chain of events in the world. You don't. That's not what he's talking about. But he's talking about to utter forth to declare a thing which can only be known by divine revelation. You can only know this by eating the book. You can only know this by becoming one with the message, by receiving it into yourself, by having a revelation from God Almighty. Amen. of what this message is, what this book is. And then he says, then he says, "Prophesy again." That's my favorite part of this scripture. Prophesy again. Why does he say prophesy again? Listen, there's so many times we read things in the Bible and we can get the wrong understanding of what it means or the application. And we see so many mistakes that that now we're trying a as a bride of Jesus Christ trying to predict things or move into a prophetic realm. Amen. And be a prophetic people and operate in this realm. Hey, listen. He said prophesy again. Which means all you're going to do is prophesy what's already been prophesied. Prophesy again. Remember, this bride doesn't have her own message. Amen. She's under the messenger for her age. She can only say what's been said. She can only declare what's been revealed. She can only prophesy again. She can't prophesy. She can only prophesy again. Amen. Remember, Brother Brim said Elijah and Elisha, our bridegroom and bride, husband and wife. And and and in the Elijah ministry, when Elijah, Amen, was on the earth, amen, he had a mantle which was the representation of his prophetic office. He was a prophet. Right. Amen. Amen. And God came to him when he was in the cave hiding out and God gave him a commission. And that commission had three parts to the commission. First, go anoint Elisha in thystead. Anoint the king over Syria. Anoint the king over Israel. So he went forth to do that. And he went and he threw that mantle over the shoulders of Elisha. Remember bridegroom and bride. That's it. That's right. So Elisha now has to burn everything, destroy his occupation, destroy everything, and go and follow go amen this prophet. And now Elisha's following the prophet until the prophet goes off the scene. He says, "What is it that I'll give to you?" And remember, this prophet is always testing Elisha. Yes, sir. That's through four stages of testing. He says, "You stay here. I'm going forth." He says, "I'll not do it. Wherever you go, I'll go. Hallelujah. Oh, so much like Ruth. Wherever you go, I'll go. Where your people are, my people. Where you die, I'll die. But I will not leave you because Naomi represented the old church, the old truth, the old way, the old word. And I'm not leaving this. And now he says this is the second stage. You stay here, I'll go down. Not having it. No way. Third stage, he brings you through justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. all the way across Jordan. That's right. To the token, the Holy Ghost himself. And all along the way, he tries to get him to stop somewhere. Stop here at justification. Stop at sanctification. Stop at the baptism of Holy Ghost. Stop. He's not I'm not stopping. I'm going all the way. All the way. Wherever you go, prophet, I'm going. Whatever you believe, I believe. Whatever you say, I'll say. And when God takes that prophet away, he's asked for a double portion of what the prophet had. He says, "If you see me go," I mean, that means Elisha had to recognize that Elijah was gone. It was so important for him to recognize there's been a change. Amen. He had to see the change and know the change. When he comes back to the school of prophets, they missed it all. They saw Elisha come down to the Listen, Elisha. Oh, you're pulling so hard. You pull me plumb past where I'm supposed to be. I don't even know what I'm supposed to say anymore. Just give me a break. Hallelujah. When Elijah goes up, he sends his mantle down. You know what that means? Elisha has no prophetic office of his own. Elisha is operating under Elijah's mantle. Elijah's prophetic office. Uh, it's a continuation of the Elijah ministry. And Elijah, not a new prophetic office. It's prophesy again. Amen. Not a new commission finishing the same commission because Elijah didn't do two of the three things. Only anointed the bride. Amen. But now Elisha has to anoint the new king in Syri. What's he doing? He didn't get new prophecy. He didn't get new this. He's finishing the prophecy that was given to Elijah cuz now he's operating under Elijah's prophetic office, not his own. This bride doesn't have her own. She's operating under the Elijah mantle. That's why we don't come up with new doctrines and new things and stuff that the prophet didn't teach and outside the message. We have no room for any of that. Friend, listen, it'll take the rest of our lives to figure out what that prophet taught. Amen. And we'll probably still be discovering it even after we're out of here. We don't need anything else. We need to stay under the prophet messenger. And under the prophet messenger, she's the final voice to the final age. Which means you lose your right to be the final voice if you step out from under the headship of that prophet. You come out from under the headship of that mantle. You have no authority. You have no right. You have no voice. So he must prophesy again. That's it right there. That's good. To declare that a thing which can only be known by divine revelation. That's right. There you are. That's why brother Jason thrilled my heart when he said, "We're not parrots." Amen. Listen, we're told to say what the tapes say. Is that right? Do you know brother Brandham told us when he was beyond the curtain of time in the sixth dimension and he asked they told him you'll be judged for what you preached and he said well John will Paul be judged said yes he says well good I preached what Paul preached so brother Brandham only preached what Paul preached do we all agree when did you ever see brother Brandham come up to the pull pit and said please turn to Romans chapter 1 and he read from Romans chapter 1 through Romans chapter 2 said all right come back this evening evening and we will read Romans chapter 3 to chapter 5. Come back on Wednesday and we'll read from chapter 5 to chapter 7. Come back on Sunday and we'll read from chapter 7 to chapter 10. So what do you mean? He preached only what Paul preached. Amen. He preached content. He preached subject. He preached doctrine of the same that Paul preached. But he didn't just come back and parrot what Paul said. He took what Paul said and ran it through the entire scripture. [Applause] That's right. So to say what the tapes say is just like brother Brandon preaching what Paul preached. Amen. That's right. Praise be to God. So you know what? We're supposed to be a lot further along than we are now. But praise God. Let God have his way. Amen. So now something happened that gave John the ability to take the forbidden book that couldn't be looked at or touched or opened or read. Now he goes to take it and to eat it and to become one with the book. Amen. And then to prophesy again. Amen. And the message Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says now you see the seals when he was in his mediator work back there redeeming. But someday he comes forth to get this book that he's redeemed and all that's in the book would be him. Do you believe that? Listen. For that's the believer. The word's in the book and the word is him. Amen. All that would be in the book. You know, brother Bram calls this book many things. Calls it a book of redemption. Amen. It he calls it the uh the book of life of the lamb. He calls it a marriage certificate. Amen. Amen. Amen. And he tells us that everything in the book is him. Yes, sir. Yes. So that book is a record of Christ. Amen. Of Jesus Christ. Amen. His life. Exactly right. He says, "So all that's in the book is him." For that's the believer. Amen. Wait, wait a second. I'm a believer. Are you a believer? So all that's in this book is Christ. For that's the believer. The word's in the book. That's it. That's right. The word's in the book and the word is him. Amen. So you mean John looked and saw his name in the book? He had a part in that book cuz he was part of the word and he was part of Christ and he was always part of that word. And when the lamb came and overcame and took the book and loosed the seals now. Amen. Now he's able to go take the book because he's part of the book. He He's in the book. He's included in this record of Christ. He's one of the words in the book. He's one of the believers and this is all about Christ. But he's part of Christ. But he was separated from the book. Amen. That's it. That's it right there. He was separated from the mind of God. He was alienated from this truth. He did come through the world in darkness. He didn't know who he was, where he came from, where he was going, all about it. But the re revelation of it was in the book. The fact that he was part of Christ. Hallelujah. So God had to do something so he can give the book back to the ones who are in the book. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because this book is also an inheritance. That's it. A title deed, a will, a contract. Amen. It's you. You can use so many words to describe it. Brother Brandham uses so many words. It all means the same thing. It's part of our inheritance. The right to rule. Brother Bam comes. Now, I'm going to talk about worthy to take the book. Listen, John knew he wasn't worthy. That's right. To take the book. That's right. So, I don't think John changed his mind about his worthiness from chapter 5 to chapter 10. Hallelujah. What do you think? But there was a voice from heaven that told him to go take the book. Amen. So that means somebody else changed their mind about his worthiness. Hallelujah. Something happened. There you go, brother. That's about as easy as you can sum it up. If you try to explain what that something is, we'll get off into the weeds somewhere. But something happened. Yes, sir. He He I mean, he probably felt the same way he did in verse 5, only he's super excited now because somebody took the book and now he's mesmerized by the opening of the seals and the symbols and all that. And he heard the seven thunders. There you are. Listen, they were not a mystery to John. No, that's right. Exactly. Because John was told to take a pen and write everything you hear and everything you see and everything that's told to you, write it down in a book. So John hears the seven thunders utter their voice. And he says, "And I was about to write." That means John, the type of the bride, heard the voice of the seven thunders and it uttered something intelligible that could be written down. Amen. That's right. Exactly. So, he got the revelation of the seven thunders. That's right. Look at the sequence of events. The mighty angel and the lamb takes the book. He opens the seals. The mighty angel comes down. Seven thunders utter their voice. And then John's told to seal it up. But John has now gone through Revelation chapter 5, chapter 6, chapter 7, chapter 8. He's come all the way to chapter 10. He's heard the seven thunders utter their voice and he comprehended the voice. That's right. And that's the time after the mystery of God was finished. There you are. That now the voice from heaven said, "Now, John, you take the book." Hallelujah. There you are. John was no more worthy than he was the moment before. Amen. But that voice, Amen. deemed him worthy. That's right. That's right. Because the worthy one had paid the price on his behalf. And now it was all meat. And now he was included in that. And now he was able to step forward and take the book. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the invisible union. Brother man preaches this right at the end of his ministry. This is November 25th, 1965. This is such an important message because he's talking about the invisible union of the bride of Christ. And there's an union going on a marriage. Amen. He uh he tells us this in proving his word that the marriage takes place now. There's an invisible union taking place with Christ and his bride because the mighty angel has descended with the open book. So this marriage has everything to do with this book. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. And so now he's preaching invisible union. And when he comes invisible union now, he makes some statements. He says, "You're standing completely." Amen. You never sinned at the first place. Amen. Amen. Amen. Listen, I've done a lot of sinning in my life. Got a whole bunch of mistakes. Brother Brenham said, "I backslide every day." But Brother Brenham is not looking at your earthly existence anymore. He's going back to the first place. What was the first place when you were an attribute in the mind of God? Amen. Your that seed gene that's inside of you was in the mind of God. That's your first place. That's your origin. That's where you come from before there was any sin before there was a fall in the garden. Before any of that, that's your first place. And that's what this book tells you. This book tells you that you were there. That's right. You never sinned at the first place. God don't even know. That's right. It's in the sea of forgetfulness. You never did it. That's right. Amen. You were accused of it by the accuser, but really from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and daughter of God. That's it. You're standing there washed. And your old book of divorcement is put away and it's dead. Absolutely out of existence. Even in the mind of God. Oh, I wish I could get it out of existence in my mind. That's one of the challenges we fight. That's the battle we fight every day is cuz that old book of divorcement is still alive in my mind. The old hybridization, the old born wrong condition, it's still in my mind, but it's not in God's mind anymore. [Applause] Exactly right. Oh, not even in the mind of God. Listen what he says. You're the virtuous bride of Christ. Washed in the blood of Christ. Precious, virtuous, sinless son of God, standing with a pure, unadulterated bride that he washed by the water of his own blood that became flesh and manifested that he might take you. Amen. Listen. Why did he wash you in the blood of his own word? Why did he wash you in his own blood? Why did he wash the bride? And in Ephesians chapter 5, why did he wash her with the water of the word? So that he could present to himself a bride without spot or blemish or any such thing. He had to do the work of purification. And he had to bring the word of purification so that he could take his bride cuz he can't take her polluted. He could only take her after she's been purified. So he sent a word that would purify her. Absolutely. Amen. Amen. So he's son of God standing with a pure unadulterated bride word that he washed by the water of his own blood that became flesh and manifest that he might take you which were predestinated in the bosom of the father before the beginning the same as he was. There you are. That's it. That's right. Where did you come from? That's it. Because wherever he came from is where you're going. That's right. Amen. Yes, sir. That's what puts your name in the book. That's it. That's the truth. Not your conduct, not your merit, not your ability, not anything. That's what bound the book from us. But what put your name in the book was his thought of you before the foundation of the world. And you, when Christ was chosen, when the lamb was chosen, you were the chosen the same as he was. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. That's right. Amen. again in invisible union says your first wedding was analled. Hallelujah. It was you never done it in the first place. Amen. That's right. Your first wedding to your old nature. That's right. That's what he's talking about. To the old Adam nature, to the fallen nature. That is divorced. That wedding's analled. You came wrong. You should have came right, but you came anyway. But you were born wrong. Now that first wedding's analled. You never done it in the first place because there's only one thing could do it. That would be God come down himself and took your place in the form of son of God, Jesus Christ, and washed you by the water. The washing of the water by the word. The word, not the denomination. The word washed you. Is there any question what you're washed by, friends? There's no question because he's saying not a denomination. So now he's talking about teaching and doctrine and restoration of truth. What is washing you? This message is washing you. This restored word, this revealed word is washing you. Why? Oh, why does he call it bleeding word? Listen. Because the word, he said, bled for you. The word died for you. It bled for you. What word? All the word. Because all the word, Amen. was made flesh. Amen. In the flesh of Jesus Christ. All the word. All the word. Are you part of the word? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Then you were in the flesh of Jesus Christ. That's right. You were part of the word made flesh. You were in him then, brother Benham said. And so now all the word is bundled up and wrapped up into a manifestation of flesh in Jesus Christ. And that word bleeds physically bleeds. It's nailed to the cross, the body, because the word was made flesh. Amen. And that body bled for you. And the blood represents the life. And brother Bam tells us that the life, Amen, was released to come back upon us, brother. The blood is a represent in the token. He makes this so simple. He said it's not the chemistry that we're after. Now, he said, listen what he says that went into the Judean soil and turned back into the elements of the food and things he ate. Now, I can't even believe somebody would say that about the blood of Jesus Christ. If it wasn't for a prophet in this age, I would recoil from that statement. But he's trying to get us to see something, friends. I was not there at Calvary. I can't go and dip my finger on the blood that's driven that cross and apply it to me. So, how do I get a fresh application of the blood? I have to come to a fresh kill of the word where the word is bleeding fresh today. Because the word that we believe today was the word that was on the cross bleeding. And when I believe the word today, the word that I believe today already bled for me. And I'm linked to Calvary by the word. Hallelujah. I wasn't alive that day. I couldn't stand there when he was hanging from the cross and say, "That's the son of God. He's dying for me. I'm here now. I can't go back there." But today, it's the son of God. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ. And when I get a hold of that, [Applause] I'm linked right back to Calvary because it's the same word that was bleeding, my atonement is the same word that's atoning for me now. It's the bleeding bloody word with the life in it. Amen. That's why he calls it bleeding word because this word has life. And it's the life of the word that is washing his blood. This isn't a sterile word, friends. This isn't uh reciting of poetry. This isn't reading of a text. This isn't giving speeches. This is a living, breathing word with life in it. Hallelujah. That's right. So, he washed you with the word, not the denomination. The word washed you. But if you won't stand in the water of the word, how are you going to be washed? You're still as spotted as Eve was. That's right. Amen. So, that means I have to stay under this message. If I won't stay under the washing of this word, I'll be as spotted as evil. Amen. Amen. Again, in the invisible union, he says, "What is sin?" Sin is unbelief. Unbelief in what? The word. Amen. Unbelief in God, which is the word. Then he goes on says, "Pure, unadulterated." Oh, hallelujah. Leaving soon for the skies. Amen. Standing ready. Think your garments washed by the water of the bleeding word. The word became blood. The word bled for you. And you were washed in the bleeding word. The word bleeding. The life of God in the word. and the word was bled for you that you might be washed from the filth of these prostitutes and be cleansed cleaned and sanctified by the washing of the water of the word and makes your mind and heart stayed on God and on his word. Further down he says hallelujah. Now notice you're not only that but you're going to the wedding in the sky and you're wearing the wedding band of predestination. Unmmerited grace. A wedding band of grace unmmerited of your own. Who is worthy? You're certainly not worthy. Amen. This wedding band is not by your merit. This wedding band is by his grace. God did it himself. He knew you before the foundation of the world. So, he slipped the wedding band on you there. Hey, listen. You didn't get this wedding band of predestination grace. You didn't get it when you came to the altar and gave your heart to the Lord and surrendered to the man. No, you got it before the foundation of the world. He slipped that wedding band on you. Then you were always going to be his bride. That was what was bound up in this book. Praise the Lord. Praise be to God. Amen. Praise the Lord. He slipped your wedding band on you there. Put your name on the book. What a thanksgiving. Hallelujah. Praise our God. This is brother Brandham's thanksgiving message. I say thank God. Amen. Now listen again in invisible union. Now your name is now in the new book. Amen. Not the book of life, but the lamb's book of life which the lamb redeemed. Not the old book of your natural union, but your new bride. Hallelujah. Your new life is in the lamb's book of life. your marriage certificate. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Where your true eternal germ from the beginning takes hold. Now you're not only forgiven, but you are justified. Brother Bam gives it the definition of justified as if you never did it the first place. You never did it. Why? That eternal germ inside of you that's an attribute of God. Never sinned, never disbelieved, never disbelieved one word. Your mind did. Your body acted out unbelief. But that germ of God never disbelieved the word of God. It was waiting to be watered by a certain word, by the water of the word. And when that word hit it, it sprung to life and believed every word. And now he calls this book, Lamb's book of life, the marriage certificate. So the question is, who is worthy to take the book? Only the lamb is worthy to take the book. Amen. But once the lamb takes the book and looses the seals, sounds the seven thunders. That's right. Finishes the mystery. That's right. Now there's a command for John. Type of the bride. Now, now, now that's exactly right. go to Christ and take the book because a marriage certificate belongs to two people [Applause] who has more rights of the marriage certificate, the husband or the wife? That's exactly right. Amen. You realize marriage justifies the woman. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. I want to ask you another question. Did the l Does the lamb have a wife? Yes, sir. Which is the bride. Now, the lamb can only marry its own species. That's right. Amen. The word can only be married to the word. That's right. That's exactly the lamb's wife would have the identity of her husband. In marriage, the woman, no matter what her what her identification was before, she comes to a marriage ceremony and she comes up to a union to a man, she may come up a Smith. She may come up a Miller. She may come up whatever name she is. That's her old identity under her first birth. That's it. Under natural parents, it might be on her birth certificate. That's right. But when she comes to be unified with this man, Amen. And then the minister turns around and says, "I'd like to present to you Mr. and Mrs. whatever the man's name is." Amen. My wife came up a Mckenry. We got married. But you know what the minister said? I now pronounce you man and wife. You may greet your bride. Turn and face the audience. I would like to present to you Mr. and Mrs. Chad Lamb. Her name's not mentioned at all. She gets the title Mrs. because her identity now is locked up in marriage in my identity. She is Mrs. Chad Lamb. She has rights to my name. She has rights to use my name. Hey, listen. After we were married, my wife didn't work. Amen. She stayed home with the kids and and she went I think it was five years she had had no employment. No employment. No earned income outside the house. She goes to Kohl's department store and they said, "You can get 20% off if you sign this application." She filled out an application. She wrote down her name. That didn't get her any credit. She wrote down my name approved. Amen. [Applause] I didn't even have to sign the document cuz she's my wife. She has rights to use my name for credit. She has right to use my name for gain. She has right to every Hey, listen. When we take the marriage vows, I say with all my earthly possessions, I thee and endow. Amen. Why? Because the scripture says we are heirs, joint hes with Christ, equal airs with Jesus Christ. He is sharing the inheritance with his wife. Amen. That's right. So marriage justifies the woman. Yes, sir. Listen, when that man accepts that woman to be his wife, it doesn't matter what her past life was. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter the rumors you heard. It doesn't matter what what what little thing was buzzing around or what you saw happen or what you thought about her testimony before because this man says she's worthy. Amen. That's it. I deem her worthy to give her my name and my identification and become one with her. And his choice makes her worthy. Amen. Not her conduct, not her past life, but his choice makes her worthy. And when he throws his umbrella over her of his name and his life and takes her, he justifies her from her past life. Now it doesn't matter to me what happened before and where you went, what mistakes you made. You are now my bride. You are now Mrs. Jesus Christ. You are now mine. You have my identity. I share my life with you. You will bring forth my seed. I He has justified her by marriage. Amen. In this age. And brother Mam says, "We've come to true justification." Why? Because a lamb can only marry a lamb. The word can only marry the word. And when he chose you, you didn't choose him. He chose you. You weren't looking for him. He was seeking you out. And when he came to you and he told you to take the book, he was telling you, you're my choice. And by choosing you, he has justified you. [Applause] And now you can take the book. That's right. That's right. By what? By marriage. That's exactly right. By being unified with this word when the head connects to the body. Amen. by coming into a union with Christ. He paid the price. He has the credit. He has the standards. He's got He meets all the qualifications. I meet none. Amen. That's right. Remember my wife at Kohl's? How much money have you earned the last 5 years? None. Are you married? Yes. Put your husband's name down. How much has he earned back then? It wasn't a lot more than none, but we were first married. But she got credit based off my life. That's right. My attributes, my work, my name. That's right. Hallelujah. Amen. And the first seal says, "Now watch." He said it would be known in the last day, but it comes forth in a church symbol. Do you understand it, church? It comes forth in a symbol of a church that they know there's a seal. This is when he's talking about white horse rider. It's a symbol. So, the church knows there's something there, but it's not revealed what it means. But just what it is yet, they don't know because it's a white horse rider. And it only is to be revealed at the last day when this actual seal is broken. Not in symbol form, but in actual revelation, which is the seven thunders. Amen. Says broken to who? Not to Christ, but to the church. He didn't break it for his own understanding. He broke it for you. Lord, notice now. Oh my. That just makes me tremble. I hope the church truly understands it. You people, I'm going to call you bride that you'll understand it. In order to understand what's happening, you have to go through a change in identification. And that change in identification is going to require you have a different title so that you'll catch what brother BM's trying to tell you. This is the marriage union. This is him claiming what's his. What is his is a bride. And now he's entered from his redeeming ministry to his claiming ministry. He's come to claim his bride. So the seal's broken to who? Not to Christ. to the church. Amen. And so that you'll not miss it, I'm going to change your name. That's it. Because every time there's a dispensational change in the Bible with the people of God, he changes their name. Amen. And he wanted us to go from church to bride. So we didn't think like a church anymore. Cuz you're not going to get this thinking like a church. You're only going to understand this transition thinking like a wife, like a bride. Glory. Glory to God. That's right. Total change in mindset. Oh, praise God. Amen. I got so many things, brothers and sisters, I want to share. Lord, help us. Amen. You know, that clock just runs crazy. I've always prayed that God would do something to it during the service and just blow it up. Amen. I want to go back for just a moment and look at the life of Abraham and Sarah. If you could turn with me to Genesis 17. You know, there was a promise to Abraham that he would bring forth seed. And you know, all along God gives limited information to Abraham. And God comes to Abraham and he'll he'll expound on the information in every visitation. He'll just give a little more detail. And we heard brother Jason say that when he brought him out to look at the stars going back to the original word. It's secure. Don't worry. But always he says now I'm going to call I'm going to make of you a great nation. So he leaves out and then he says there's going to come a seed forth from you. And then he then he starts to he starts to break it down. He starts to all time just like the Bible is always building this great revelation. Amen. Abraham's life is building this great secret revelation in his life. And every visitation brings more information and more confirmation and more understanding. And we know that the promise is to Abraham. Right. But by default, the promise to Abraham is also to Sarah. That's right. That's right. That's exactly right. Because Sarah is unified in marriage to Abraham. That's right. So, what's Abraham is also Sarah's. All right. Amen. But Sarah is struggling with this revelation. Amen. She She has an internal struggle because no doubt she knows that her husband had visitations. He had supernatural things happen. And there was times that the Lord came and he would speak audibly to Abraham. He would come to him in a vision. He would appear to him as a pillar of light. Amen. He would show up in flesh. There was many different ways that he would come and present himself to Abraham and give him more information. And if you follow through the Bible, I had a man in my church show me this one time and it absolutely mesmerized me. He says there's seven times that God visits Abraham either through a voice or a dream or a vision. And and the seventh time is the plains of memory. Amen. That's right. That's exactly right. when he comes in flesh. Yes, sir. Just like in the seventh age, brother Brennham types that visitation to the seventh age when Elohim steps into a body of flesh temporarily to deliver a message. And that was what God was doing through our messenger. That's right. In the seventh age, this is the seventh visitation. Amen. But until that time there's a no doubt Sarah knew no doubt Abraham shared with Sarah listen the Lord met me last night or I had a dream or the voice come to me and she was with him from the transfer from they moved into the to the to the promised land and all the trans she knew why they were going she knew why they were moving she knew what the prophecy was and she didn't disbelieve it because she didn't disbelieve the prophecy she believed believed that Abraham would have seen and the evidence of that is when she realized that she couldn't do it. That's it. She came up with another plan. Take Hagar, my maid, because this is according to the law. Amen. I can give you my handmmaid and you can raise up seed unto me from her. So, it wasn't that she didn't disbelieve the promise. She didn't understand her part in the promise. That's right. She doubt. She didn't doubt Abraham. She didn't doubt God. She doubted her. That's right. She comes up with the scheme with Hagar and they bring forth an Ishmael. And brother Benham said he was a the scripture says he was a wild man. That's what happens when we add our own ideas to the word, come up with our own play ways for it to be made manifest and try to get ahead of the program of God. The problem has always been getting ahead, not waiting, that's it. And then we come to Genesis 17. Let's just look at Genesis 17. We're skipping through a lot of things, but you know the story well. And in Genesis 17:15 says, "And God said unto Abraham, as for Sarah, thy wife, thou shalt not call her Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name." That's right. She got a name change. "And I will bless her and give thee a son also of her." This is more information. Now, listen, more information doesn't change the original truth of the prophecy. It was in God's mind always to bring Isaac through Sarah. He always knew it would be Sarah. It was implied when he promised it to Abraham. It was implied that it was for Sarah also because she was one with him. She just didn't understand that because it wasn't specifically spelled out. That's right. So when God comes and reveals more of the mystery and more of the prophecy, he's not adding to the prophecy. He's unveiling more of his mind. Amen. And so now he says, "I will bless thee and give her a son also of her, and I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations. Kings of people shall be of her." Then Abraham fell on his face and laughed and said in his heart, "Shall a child be born unto him that is 100 years old, and shall Sarah, that is 90 years old, bear?" So I'm not going to go any further with that. But now, now the prophecy specific. Now you guys were questioning how this was going to come. You thought maybe it would be by adoption through Eleazar. Now you thought it would be by the handmade Hagar. But now I'm telling you it's Sarah. Amen. No doubt about it. No question it's Sarah. And then he comes on the plains of And he comes on the plains of memory. Let's go to 181. And the Lord appeared unto him in the plains of memory. This is the seventh time the Lord comes to Abraham. And the Lord appeared unto him in the plains of memory and sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. And he lifted up his eyes and looked and lo, three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door and bowed himself toward the ground and said, "My Lord." Brother Benham says, "See, this is the This is what separates him from the lot group. He saw three but knew there was only one God." And this revelation comes into clarity in the seventh age. Amen. He says now uh he bowed himself to the ground said my lord if now I have found favor in thy sight pass not away pray thee from thy servant let let a little water I pray you be fetched and wash your feet and rest yourselves under the tree and I will fetch a morsel of bread and comfort your hearts and after that you shall pass you pass on for therefore are you come to your servant and they said so do as thou has said and Abraham Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, "Make ready quickly the measures of fine meal, knead it, and make cakes upon the on the hearth." And Abraham ran into the herd, and fetched calf, tender, and good, and gave it unto the young men, and he hasted to dress it. And he took butter and milk. And so he does all of this work. He comes to verse nine. He's busy, amen, about all of these things. The Lord has come to him again. Now he's come in a body of flesh. And now he's working. He's fetching. He's asking him to come and sit and do all of this. And he never asked him, "What are you here for?" Amen. Why did you come? He just starts serving. Hey, Abraham says a lot. Amen. The Lord doesn't say anything. Abraham says a whole bunch and gets into action. And then finally, when Abraham quiets down, he says, "Where's Sarah?" Yeah. All of the sudden, he tipped him off to the purpose of his coming in the seventh visitation. Amen. There you are. Now, this time it's for Sarah. Amen. That's exactly right. Hallelujah. That's right. He says, "And they said unto him, where is Sarah thy wife?" And he said, "Behold, in the tent," he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life, and lo Sarah, thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door which was behind him. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and wellstricken in age. And it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old, shall I have pleasure with my Lord? And my Lord being old also. And the Lord said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I have shity bear a child which I'm old? Is anything too hard for the Lord? At the time appointed, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. Then Sarah denied, saying, "I laugh not, for she was afraid." And he said, "Nay, but thou did laugh." Amen. So what is Sarah's struggle? Sarah's not struggling to believe the prophecy. Sarah's not struggling with Abraham's identity. Sarah is struggling with her part in the prophecy. That's right. That's right. And God came in the seventh age to turn his back to her tent to discern her thoughts so that he can say, "It's me and I'm here to confirm the promise." And we know that after this, Brother Bam tells us, "Amen." They they were restored after this visitation. They woke up young and and before that, I want to read this from marriage and divorce. Brother Bam said, "Why didn't God kill Sarah?" sitting right there denying and lying right in the face of God. Sitting there as a mortal man eating flesh, eating bread, drinking milk. And he said, "Why did Sarah laugh back there in the back behind him in the tent?" He never seen her saying, "How can these things be?" She said, "I never said it." God told God that he is a liar to his face. Did she fail? Yeah. She failed big time. Was she worthy of death? But he couldn't take her. That's it. That's right. Why? Because she's a part of Abraham. He couldn't hurt her without hurting Abraham. Listen, have you failed? Have you failed big time? Were you worthy of death? But we're part of Christ. Amen. Amen. So, Abra Sarah now she through this whole prophecy, she's looking at herself. That's it. She's looking at her abilities and her condition and she say there's no there's no way I can do this. There's no way that I'm included in this. Look at all my mistakes. Look at my failures. Look at my weakness. My milk veins are dried up. We've lived together so many years. I've never been able to conceive. We've never had a child. I'm getting older and older and now this can't happen. And so she's not doubting the word. She's not doub uh she is doubting the word, but she's not doubting the word. That's right. Amen. That's it. She's not doubting that the word's true, but she's doubting that she can do it. And now it gets to the point where Abraham can't do it. And now God visits and he says, "Don't worry. I'm going to restore. I will restore, sayeth the Lord, all the years that the cankerworm and the palmer and the caterpillar and the locust have eaten. I will restore back to the faith of the fathers. In the seventh age, there's a restoration work bringing back Abraham and Sarah to the original condition they were at Pentecost where the word was fresh and the bride was fresh and everything was fresh and new. Amen. And in the seventh age, he brought them back. Remember, brother Bam said he lived with her since she was about 16 years old. They lived as husband and wife. And God comes on the scene and says, "I will restore." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we learned something. But, Brother Bam said why he couldn't kill her? Because she's part of Abraham. So, if she's part of Abraham, she's part of the prophecy. That's right. Amen. So, she must be part of the fulfillment of the prophecy. That's right. Amen. That's right. So, now they come from this scene. They go down to Guerrar and 19. And then 19 is where brother said uh uh Bimc wants her for a wife and he can have any fair young virgin he wants but he said he wants his 80year-old grandma. And so he starts to show us by this scripture they've already received the body change which mean they already went back the vitality and vigor of the word has come back out of the dark age has been restored by a prophetic message and now the church goes back to its virgin condition as it first was back. Amen. Coming out of in the book of acts coming out of the upper room. That's right. But through all that, there's still no baby. That's right. Remember when they were fresh and young and 16 years old, they had no baby. Right. That's it. And the problem wasn't with the word because Abraham could reproduce. The problem was with the church. That's right. But Sarah, she couldn't That's it. conceive. Yeah. Glory. That's good. That's it. But let's go to chapter 21. That's it. There you are. Genesis chapter 21 verse one. And the Lord visited Sarah. There you are. As he had said. Amen. When did he say? He said, "At the appointed time, there you are. I will restore to you." Yes. This time he didn't come to Abraham. No. Right. Right. This time he came to Sarah. That's right. Hallelujah. And the Lord visited Sarah. This is the first time that he comes to her. That's it. after the seventh visit. And the seventh visitation was about her. But this time he comes to her. That's it. And the Lord visited Sarah as he had said. And the Lord did unto Sarah as he had spoken. For Sarah conceived. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. And bare Abraham a son in his old age at the set time of which God had spoken to him. Right there. We don't fully know what happened in this visitation. When Abraham had visitations before, you couldn't mark it with something. God said, "Leave your kinfolk. Leave all this." We got it recorded in the Bible. He come down as a pillar of fire, smoking furnace between the two pieces of animal that Abraham has had slain. He had there was every visitation. There was details about the visitation. Amen. That you could mark and discuss and go over. But in this one, it's in silence. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's it. Hallelujah. Nothing. That's it. There's nothing you can say. That's right. What happened? Did he talk to her? Did he appear? Did she hear something? Did she see something? Did she feel something? There's nothing. It's completely silent. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. All we know is he had visited her according to what he had said. And he had did unto her according to what he promised. And she conceived. Amen. And I want you to look with me. Go turn with me to Hebrews chapter 11. And we're going to understand what happened in this visitation to Sarah. Remember Hebrews 11 is the heroes of faith chapter and it talks about everything that everybody did and Enoch and and and a uh Abel and all of these great heroes of faith. But you know Sarah's one of the heroes of faith. Amen. Amen. And it said in Hebrews 11, through faith also Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of child when she was past age because she judged him faithful who promised. Amen. How was it she was able to conceive seed? She never was able to conceive seed before. All the time she lived with him, couldn't conceive. Turned back young, couldn't conceive. But in this private visitation between just her and the Lord that was in secret, something happened to her to quicken her faith. Because by faith, through faith. Amen. Listen. Read it. Through faith, not something magical God did to her body. Not some. It was her faith. God did something to quicken her faith. God did something to help her. She was struggling with faith all along. What was the faith she was struggling with? the fact that she was part of the promise. So God comes to her in a private visitation with nobody else included and utter silence and total secret. He comes just to Sarah. And that visitation does something for Sarah's faith. And through faith, she receives the strength that conceives. That's right. Amen. Oh, this whole thing is by faith. That's right. That's it. That's right. Oh. That private visitation reminds me of the third pool vision. That's it. That's what it is. Brother Brandham, now he's talking about the third pool vision. And so many people call it the tent vision. That's fine. It ends in a tent, but I call it the fishing vision because I like to fish. It starts off fishing. Trying to catch the rainbow trout, the covenant fish that are in the deep water. Amen. The target species is the elect of God. Amen. That's right. And this whole thing, there's a target species, and the target species is rainbow. Amen. Amen. Covenant. Rainbow is a sign of the covenant, the promise that God will keep. And they're covenant fish. And they're big ones. Amen. Trophies, elects and daughters of God. And where are they? Out in the deep water. Hallelujah. Not in the shallows around the bank, but out in the deep water. And that's the target. And brother Brandham says in his heart, "I think I can catch those." Yeah. Come on. I love that so much because God would allow this man to go up on the river of no return. Uhhuh. And catch the world record. That's right. Rainbow trout. Think about that, friends. What is he going? He's confirming this man knows how to catch the covenant fish. Hallelujah. God proved it to the whole world. Amen. By allowing him to catch the world record rainbow trout. Amen. Amen. Amen. But how was he going to catch him? Not in the first pool, not in the second pool, but in the third pool. That's right. He said the third pull will get it and that'll hook them and bring them all the way in. That's right. And brother Bam calls the third pull. Listen, the third bowl is an exhaustive subject and we're not going to even attempt to exhaust it. But but he says it's the opening of the word and there's so many things that are attached to it. But when he has this vision, he ends in a tent and he's in the tent overlooking this cathedral-like tent and then there there's a little box and there's a line coming out one side and going around the block and there's people who have all kinds of afflictions on stretchers and cotss and and wheelchairs and they're all waiting to go in and he's up above it and there's a voice speaking to him and he says, "I'll meet you in there." And he sees the pillar of fire go down and the pillar of fire go down into that box. Amen. And and and brother Brandham's not down in there. He's over top looking down in. And he's watching people go in one at a time. Amen. One at a time. One by one. And there's somebody on the outside that's recording what comes out on the other side. And and those who were in wheelchairs or in CS, they come out pushing their CS, pushing their wheelchairs. They're made completely whole. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And they asked him, "What happened to you in that room?" And they said, "I don't know. I can't explain it." It was total silence. There's nothing I can share with you. There's nothing you can repeat to get the results I got. This isn't repeatable. The only thing I know is if you go in there wounded, afflicted, tormented, battered, and beaten, and broken, you will come out the other side home. And how did it happen? And I don't know what took place. I don't know. You see, God under this third pull, he made it so good that he didn't make it something repeatable because we'd have copycats all over the world. But you can't copycat this meeting. It's an individual one at a time, not a church, not a group, not a form, not a ritual, but there's one person who will walk. And what we only know, listen, the vision doesn't tell us everything. There's only one thing we know that was in that box besides the person and that was the pillar of fire. And what is the pillar of fire? The pillar of fire is the life of this message. Not the documents, not the tapes, not the books, but the life force behind the word. The life of the word was in that room. Amen. And when we go by individuals, don't think natural, friends. This isn't natural. Brother Brenham wrestled with that. Maybe I'll have a tent. One day I'm going to have a tent. He's thinking natural. It never happened. Showing that it was never a natural fulfillment. This is a spiritual fulfillment. So spiritually, we were afflicted. We were wounded. We were lame. We were blind. We were tormented. We had denominations and doctrines and all kinds of problems that have broke us down spiritually and we weren't whole and we weren't right and we weren't sound. But one by one we come in contact with the life of the third pull. The lifegiver to the word. The life of the word. The person of the word himself. Not the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The person of the Holy Ghost. And when we come in contact with that, we come out the other side. Hey, listen. This isn't physical. You still get old. You still have pain. Your ears start going. Your eyesight start going. But something changes spiritually in your soul. That's it. And you've been made whole. You know where you came from. You know your identification. You know who you're married to. You know what's going on. And you know where you're going. The affliction is over with. That's right. We're not limping. We're not wheelchair bound. We're not on IVs anymore spiritually. We've been restored. Hallelujah. [Applause] Praise the Lord. What happened? Yes, sir. Can't explain it. I was listening to tapes going to service. Is there a formula to it, Jack? Can you give me the formula? Yes sir. Many people have tried to repeat. That's it. I went to the altar and cried till something changes. People come to the altar and cry. Nothing changes. I did this. I did this. And this isn't repeatable. This isn't copy. You can't. There's no copying this. This is to the individual. We're not going in as groups. Sarah was all alone. But what happened to her was this private visitation gave her faith to conceive on the promised word. And after that private meeting, guess what? Now the word was in her because it gave her faith to conceive on the word and the promised word. Amen. Was that Abraham shall have a seed and that seed came unto her and she conceived on the seed and now she's carrying the promised seed word inside her womb. Where is the word? In her. Where's the word? In Sarah. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. She saying, "I couldn't do it. I can't do it. I'm too old. I can't." And he he by the word fixed everything. Listen friends, he by the watering of the word and the restoration of this word, he has fixed everything. Your unworthiness, your inability, your brokenness. He's healed it all. And he's given you an identity and he's changed your name and he's visited you so that you can believe I'm one of them. It's me. It's me. Oh, I love that special when the brother say, "Mama, it's me." Amen. You walked up. Now, we heard this message, Brother Brandon's preaching. When I first come to the message, I was mesmerized that God could do a work through a man like that. I was blown away that he could hear from God. He could speak to people. Amen. That what God had told him is accurate as the accurate could be. He could turn his back to crowds. He could he could make his uh uh knife appear in his pocket. Like, I'm absolutely mesmerized that God could do this. And then then I went from being mesmerized at the miracles. Then I got mesmerized at all the truths. There you go. Tied together everything, all the loose ends that was left and brought us back to the original teaching of the Bible. And it all was seamless and perfect. And I got so excited about all of this stuff. But there was one part of the message I was missing. I was missing the fact that I am part of the prophecy. I was looking at the prophet. That's the word. I was looking at the restoration. That's the word. That's everything. The opening of the seals. That's the word. Everything is happening according to the word. But there was one part that I was missing. And that missing part, Amen, come later in the message when I realized it's me, mama. That's what he's talking about. That man's talking about me. That message is about me. I told the church, I don't want to believe the message. I want to be the message. The message, amen, is God in the form of his bride manifesting his original life through a many membered body. I don't want to just believe that. I want to be part of that. I want to manifest that. [Music] Now, now the word is in Sarah. That's it. [Applause] Reminds me of Ruth and Boaz. This is another redemption story. Boaz is the redeemer, the goal. And Naomi needs redeemed. They've lost everything. And now Ruth, the gentile bride. The only way redemption can come to pass is if she listens to Naomi, the old word. That's it. To give her the word, gives her instructions on how to approach the redeemer. And the proper approach is through humility because she has to lay down her life at his feet and surrender all that she is to him. It's the only way we can get redemption through an absolute surrender. Amen. So she lays herself down at his feet and in the night he wakes up and what is this and who is this? And she tells him the purpose and he says you're virtuous because this has nothing to do with lust. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This isn't lust. This isn't selfish desire. This is all about redemption. You're willing to give yourself up. He says, "Because you didn't seek after young men, rich or poor. You never sought after the young. You came to an old man. You came back to the old way. You came back to the original word. You came back to the redeemer. You weren't looking for new things and exciting things. You were willing to give yourself up. Amen. That's good. Amen. Amen. So to confirm the promise that he'll redeem her, he gives her six measures. Of seed. Uhhuh. Reminds me of the six seals. Yeah, that's right. Something you could weigh, something you can measure, something you look at, something you can count, something you could touch. But seven's the number of completion. That's it. That's right. So why did he give her six measures? Why did he leave it o why did he leave it open? And the six he gave her were measurable. You could take them out and show them. You can say a white horse rider means an antichrist spirit. Amen. And a red horse begins to conquer and fight. You can take it out and put your hands to the grain. You could show it to other people. You could weigh it. But the seventh measure of seed was sown in secret. That's right. That's right. in a private meeting with only the redeemer and his bride. Nobody could see it, nobody could weigh it, nobody could measure it, nobody could analyze it. After he'd finished the work of redemption, he came and took his bride and he swed his seed into Ruth. And now what was in Ruth? That's it. That's right. Ruth needed redemption. She needed a redeemer. That's right. Boaz was the redeemer. But the minute he swed that seed into Ruth, now you know what's in Ruth. That's it. The redeemer. That's right. Because this child would redeem back. He would be the possessor of everything that was Boaz. He would own all the property. He would have the restoration of everything. Now, amen. Boaz is an old man. We don't hear Boaz mentioned anymore. But it doesn't matter anymore because now the redeemer's inside of her. She's carrying the Lord of the harvest, the redeemer, the owner of it all, the inheritor of everything is in her. The seventh measure of seed measured in secret where nobody could watch, nobody could see. Lord, where's the seventh seal been swed? That's it. That's right. In silence, in secret. Amen. the third pole in the little room. Brother Brandham's in Sabino Canyon in Sabino Canyon. He puts his hands up and a sword strikes his hand and he's told that's the sword of the king. And he goes through all this and he finds out that's the king's sword. And he said it's the word coming into the hand and it's the word he come back and preached. And he says when it hits him, he says, "This is your third pool." That's right. When he saw the tent vision and he saw the Lord, he said, "This will be your third pool." Amen. But then the sword in the hand says this is your third pull. He says the opening of the word. So now whatever that was in the tent and whatever this is in the hand is the same thing. So what is it? It's Christ the word coming back to the church and she can go in a private meeting and meet the life of that word. Hallelujah. That's right. Amen. Amen. And now Sarah has the promised word inside of her. When the angel Gabriel comes to Mary and says, "Behold, I highly favored." And she's troubled in her mind. We talked about this yesterday. But all of a sudden, she says, "Be it unto me." What? What? What accomplished the work? Faith. She believed. He said, "This will happen because she believed." Amen. Amen. Because she believed, now she conceived. Now she's carrying. Now, what is in her? Now, inside the virgin is the promised word. Amen. That's right. Thank you. That's right. Brother Beam said, "The word will be in the bride." And the mind of Christ and know what he wants done with them. He has swn the word into you. Amen. Amen. You have gone to the mighty angel in a private meeting and you were told to take the book and you had the boldness enough to go and go after this book knowing that you had rights to it now by marriage. And then he told you to eat the book. What is you doing? Receiving just like seed. This mystery of God, this seventh measure of seed, it was sown into your heart. And now where is the word? It's in you. Where is this book? Listen, if you think of the imagery of John now, John's handed a book. John eats the book. The question is, where's the book? Did we lose the book? I mean, who else can get the book? John ate the book. How could you listen? This is like your dog eating the homework. Like, where is it at? How could we lose the book? John eating the book was the security of the book. It wasn't lost. It found its home. It was now secure. Because the mystery of God is now in a people who's bringing forth the mystery life of Jesus Christ. Now the word is in his bride. Can you imagine where'd the book go? You imagine the angels in heaven. We've been looking at you hold this book for thousands of years. Then we saw you take the book and we all rejoice. You took a trip down the earth and you come back with no book. Where's that book? That's the most important document. Hallelujah. And all of heaven and earth. What did you do with the book? He said, I put it in safekeeping. [Applause] Let's go back to Genesis 21. Do you love this message? It's more than this natural life to me. Take my life, but don't take this word from me. Genesis 21 verse 8. And the child grew and was weaned. And Abraham made a feast, a great feast, the same day that Isaac was weaned. And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had borne unto Abraham, mocking. Now the false church, the denominational systems, mocking, the promised word. And Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, which she had born into Abram, mocking. Wherefore she said unto Abraham, cast out this bond woman and her son, for the son of the bond woman shall not be heir with my son, even Isaac. And the thing was very grievious unto Abraham. Abraham's sight because of his son. Listen, can you imagine Abraham? Abraham and he's went through so many things. But now there's Ishmael and now Isaac is weaned and now Ishmael's mocking Isaac and Sarah's upset and Sarah says, "Cast out the bond woman and her son for that bond son of the bond woman won't be heir with my son." Exactly. And now he's thinking, "What should I do?" Because the last time I listened to Sarah, we got Ishmael [Music] because it was the church's idea to hybrid the word. There you are. It was the church's idea to take another branch and tie it into the original vine and bring forth a perverted fruit. Amen. But God wanted the original branch and the original vine, which was Abraham and Sarah. Amen. Right. Cuz he said out of thy boughels. That's it. Said Eleazar Damascus is not going to be your heir. Out of thy boughels. Right. That's an interesting word. Boughs. It means nword parts. Do you know it can also mean womb. That's it. Exactly. Out of your womb. Yeah. Does Abraham have a womb? Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Abraham and Sarah, were they two or were they one? Amen. So that means Abraham has a womb. That's right. A That's right. If Abraham's going to bring out of If God's going to bring out of Abraham's boughs a son, he's got to bring it out of his boughs, out of his inward parts, out of his womb. And his Abraham's womb was in Sarah. Where is Christ's womb? Where is he going to sew his seed? Where is he going to bring? Where is he going to reproduce himself? Because Adam the son was given a bride to reproduce himself out of thy boughs. Amen. So now the it's the church's idea, the hybrid, the word creating the denominational system of Ishmael. And now the woman says, "I'm done with that. You put it away. Not with my son." And he said, "What am I going to do?" So he go God God comes and rescues him. Verse 12. And God said unto Abraham, "Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad and because of the bond woman, and all that Sarah has said unto thee, hearken unto her voice." For in Isaac shall thy seed be called. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's it. God said what she is saying is right. It's the truth. Amen. Because Sarah went through a transformation, got a name change, met God personally, got faith to conceive seed, and now she knows what the program is. And now she can say, "Listen, this bond woman, this whole thing is my fault. Amen. I is my idea to have denomination. I failed. I messed up. But you cast it out. I'm not going that way anymore. I'm not believing that way anymore. Now I want a separation. That old thinking, that old denomination, get it out of here because all I want is this son. Nothing will be heir with this word. [Applause] [Music] That's right. It's the promised son and the promised son only. That's right. That's right. But if you brothers in the back, if you could pull up Galatians 4 for me. I won't take the time to turn there, but look at Galatians 4. Nevertheless, what saith the scripture? Yeah. Cast out the bomb woman and her son. For the son of the bomb woman shall be heir with the son. So the apostle Paul is quoting the scriptures. That's right. Where did the scriptures come from? From Sarah's mouth. What Sarah said was the word of God. What Sarah said was wrote down in scripture. Paul says, he didn't say, "Didn't Sarah say?" Paul says, "Does not scripture say?" That's right. That's it. Why? Because the word is in her and she knows what needs to be done with it. Praise the Lord. Praise be to God. I don't know of anywhere else in scripture where something a woman said is is is incorporated into canon as scripture. That's right. There you are. But here it is. There it is. Amen. Brother Brandham makes this statement and Christ is the mystery of God revealed. The new birth is Christ's a revelation. God has revealed to you this great mystery and that's a new birth. Now what are you going to do when you get all that group together where the revelation is perfectly in harmony and God expressing it through the word by the same actions, the same things that he did making the word manifest. Oh, if the church only knew its position, it will one day. Then the rapture will go when it knows what it is. Amen. You notice it doesn't say when it knows who it is. That's right. Because when you start to say when you know who you are, you automatically start thinking about who's. That's right. Different who's. But when you say what, the question is what is she? She is part of Christ. That's it. She's the manifestation of the hour. She's the word made flesh. She is him. That's exactly right, brother. That's true. Let's go to Romans 16:20. Romans 16:20. And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen. Paul's writing to the book of Romans. He says, "Guess what's going to happen? The God of peace is going to bruise Satan." This word bruise isn't like you bump yourself and get a bruise. This word bruise means to crush. That's right. And the God of peace is going to crush Satan. So the question is, who's crushing who? That's it. That's it. You're not crushing anybody. No. The God of peace is crushing. Yeah, it's not not me and you. We're not doing anything, but the God of peace is going to bruise Satan. But where is he going to bruise him? Under your feet. It's not you crushing him under your feet. It's him crushing him under your feet. Because it's not a life we live. It's a life we we give to him. A life comes in us and lives through us. It's Christ in bride form. It's not you and I. It's not this thing here or this thing here, but there's another life inside that's working. And he, the God of peace, shall bruise Satan under your feet. It's not what you're going to do and what you say and what you think and how bold you get. It's God working through you. Amen. That's right. And where is Satan going to be bruised in the end time? Under the feet of the church. Amen. But it's not going to be her effort. It's going to be his. Amen. Amen. Beautiful. That's right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Oh, praise God. We're just going to have to wind down, friends, in the Leodysian church age. He says, "Yes, sir. The church is no longer the mouthpiece of God. It is its own mouthpiece. So God is turning on her and he will confound her through the prophet and the bride. For the voice of God will be in her. Amen. Amen. Was it in Sarah? Yes. Yes, sir. Amen. Yes, it is. For it says in the last chapter of Revelation verse 17, the spirit and the bride. Amen. Say, come. Amen. Once more, the world will hear direct from God as at Pentecost. But of course, that word bride will be repudiated as in the first age. When the bride says come, I want you to look at that terminology. The spirit and the bride say come. So the bride's not at this alone. Oh, that's right. It's the spirit of the word that's with her. Amen. That's speaking through her. Amen. So the spirit and the bride say come. But you know what the spirit and the bride don't say? They don't say go. They say come. That's right. Amen. That means whatever position the bride's in is the place you need to come to. That's it. And they're calling to come to drink of the water of life freely. That means the bride must be drinking from the water of life. She must be at the fountain of life. She must be there because she's bidding them to come. Come and drink. Come who's thirsty. Come to the water of life. Amen. Come. I've already come. Now I'm calling to you to come. Amen. That's it. Not sending you somewhere else, but calling you to come drink what I've drunk. Receive what I've received. Amen. I can't do it for you. Nobody else can do it for you, but come and drink. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's right. Brother Brand was asked, "Would the bride of Christ would the bride of Christ have a ministry before the rapture?" Said, "Sure. That's what's going on right now." The bride of Christ certainly, it's the message of the hour. The bride of Christ. Sure. She's consisted of apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, and pastors. Is that right? That's the bride of Christ. Sure, she's got a ministry, a great ministry. It's the ministry of the hour. It'll be so humble. Amen. I want to read I want to leave you with this last quote. This is the last thing I'd like to read to you out of Revelation chapter 4, part three. So, nowadays they're so well we don't believe in and saying hell in the pulpit. Oh, mercy blah. I love how he says that we need men of God who won't hold back. Now, everybody can't be a preacher, but you got a voice. Amen. Will the bride have a ministry in the end time? He he lists the five-fold ministry. And they are they're calling out the message of the hour. But that doesn't exclude others that are not in the five-fold ministry. That's right. That's right. Because his voice will be in the bride. Amen. Why? Because his word is in her. That's it. Because the word is in the bride, in the mind of Christ, he knows what he wants done with it. Amen. But you got a voice. And if you can't preach the people a sermon, if you're a preacher, you're called to the pulpit to preach. If you're not, you're still a preacher. Amen. But live the people a sermon. Let your sermon be lived. And it's the voice of God that'll bring reproach to them who reject it. They say no one could put a finger on his or her life. They're sweet living. They If there ever was a man of God, it's that man or that woman. See, live your sermons. Don't try to preach them if you're not called to be a preacher. You'll get all mixed up anyhow and messed up and you'll get people tangled up. And you know what? You'll ruin them and yourself, too. Just live your sermon. The preacher's called to preach his and to live it, too. If you can't live it, then you stop preaching it. But you're supposed to live your sermons. All right. Here was voices. And he's talking about Amen. He's talking about when the throne room in heaven is open, out came lightnings and thunders and voices. Amen. All right. There was voices. Oh, how we need in Jefferson uh Jeffersonville thousands of lived voices. The thunder of God thundering out in sweetness and holiness, purity, undefiled lives walking around in the earth today without a blemish. Yes, sir. Real Christians. That's the thunder against the enemy. The devil don't care how loud you can holler. The devil don't care how much you can jump or how much you can do this or shout. But what hurts the devil? Amen. Who's bruising who, where, what crushes the devil? What hurts the devil? What bruises the devil? That sanctified, holy life consecrated to God. Say anything to him, call him anything, just as sweet as it can be. And moving right on. Oh my. that throws him away. That's the thunder that shakes the devil. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Where is the word? It's in the bride. She's the mouthpiece of God speaking out. But listen, that speaking out may not always be something you say. That's right. Amen. But your life is speaking. And that life is calling. Come. Amen. You can have this life, too. You can have this peace. You can have this wholeness. You can Amen. Don't think cuz you're not in the fifold ministry. You're excluded from the bride's ministry. Amen. You're still called to preach. And your life is preaching the sermon. Surrendered to him, consecrated, sold out completely, giving your body over like Ruth did to Boaz. giving out completely so that he can come and take over. Amen. So that living inside of your womb is the promised word and coming out of you is the word of God, the life of God. This word you've received living its own life. Amen. Amen. The New Testament begins with women. Amen. Because the Old Testament is male. The New Testament is female. Bride, groom, and bride, husband, and wife. Amen. The book of Luke, it starts off with an angel visiting a woman. That's it. Named Mary. And he gives her the promise word for her day. And she receives it. She believes it. And she's impregnated by the word. And she goes to another woman named Elizabeth. And that other woman is also carrying the word. Amen. That's right. Only the word she's carrying is dormant. It's dead. Hasn't moved yet. Hasn't kicked. Hasn't showed any sign of life. I absolutely love the Bible. Amen. So, here's the virgin that just received the promised word inside of her. She's been pregnantated by the spoken word and she's carrying the spoken word. She's carrying in within her the promise for her day. She's got it inside of her. And she goes to another woman who's also carrying part of the promised word for her day. But that promised word in her is dead. Amen. That's what the prophet tells us. But when Mary shows up and speaks her salutation and and brother Bam says names the name of Jesus Christ, all of a sudden the baby leapt inside of Elizabeth. Amen. And it started to leap for joy and Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Ghost. And what does Elizabeth do? She starts to prophesy. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's it. Said, "How is it the mother of my Lord has come unto me?" Amen. And as soon as she's done prophesying, what does Mary start doing? Prophesying. The Bible starts off with women who have a promised seed inside their womb. Prophesying. They're declaring the glories of the Lord. They're declaring the word for their day. They're declaring what is going on. It's a secret. Nobody else knows about it. What happened in Mary was a secret. But what happened in Mary when she come and named it to Elizabeth brought the word that was dead in Elizabeth and brought it to life. That word that you've received by your testimony has the power to bring another promised word in another womb to life. Another seed gene of God laying there dormant, unmoving. Hasn't kicked yet. Hasn't come to life yet. But all it takes is your testimony. And your testimony may not be words. Your testimony might be a life cuz testimony means a witness. That's right. It takes the life of Christ to bring life. Amen. Life to life, word to word. And now the word is in his bride. Amen. And she knows what he wants done with it. What does he want done with it? He wants it lived. Amen. That's right. Right there it is. He wants it on display. He wants a surrender to it. He wants it kept pure. That's right. And you with that word inside of you can come in contact with another woman with a word inside of her that hasn't leapt for joy yet, that hasn't showed signs of life. And just your life, your word, your testimony can cause it to spring to life. Amen. That's the truth. Amen. What do we need, brothers and sisters, to surrender to that life? That's right. That's it. Listen, I myself don't have any ability or power to bruise the devil. Not my human of Chad lamb that born of two people on earth. But he can. Amen. Amen. And he promised that he, the God of peace, is going to use this vessel and your vessel to crush the power of the devil. I say, God, if you got that kind of power and all you need is feet, here's some feet. If all you need is a body, here's a body. If all you're looking for is a vessel, if all you want is a womb, an empty womb, amen, with no other life in it. Here, I'm emptied out. I've poured out. Here it is, Lord. You can have this vessel to finish your work in this day. To bring life to others, to manifest, to live, to do all that you want to do. Here I am, Lord. Let's all stand together. Oh, God be praised. Amen. That's it. Amen. We talk about things and revelations that are beyond our understanding, beyond comprehension. They absolutely mesmerizes and thrill our soul. But when it boils down and comes down to it, what does God really want? He wants to live inside of you. He wants to finish the commission in you. He wants to destroy his enemy in you. He wants to complete the work in you. And what's that going to take from you? It's not going to take your effort, your ability, your mind, your strength. It's going to take a surrender. That's right. Humility. Brother said, "Don't look for big things." That's right. That's right. Don't try to produce something and be something and think it's got to look a certain way or be a certain thing and I'm not doing anything. Your very existence under the word and obedience to is doing something every day, every hour of the day. Your surrender to the word is having an effect. Just because you can't see anything tangible doesn't mean the spiritual world is not rocking because there's people who are taking him at his word. Amen. That's right. Don't doubt this message. Amen. Don't doubt the power of the message and don't doubt your part in the message. If you've never come to a place where you can say, "Mama, it's me." I invite you not to a church, not to a Bible study or to a me. I invite you to come to the pillar of fire. Amen. The life of the word. Come to Christ. Come to the mighty angel. Come to the revealer of the word. Come to the holder of the book. That's it. And say, "Give me the book." Amen. That's right. Come meet me in quiet and private and change me and give me faith to stay in my position. God bless you. We love you all. If we could just bow our heads, let's just pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you so much for your word, Lord. God, it is so beyond us, Lord. God, as we reflect on the things that you told us, God, how can it be, Lord? How can it be? But Lord, we know that it's true. Our hearts witness that it's true, but oh God, we're asking now that you would just absolutely take control of our vessels. God, we give to you everything that we have, Lord. And we believe that you've called us to be part of this end time manifestation. Not because we were worthy, not because we were good, not because we had done right, but simply because you slipped a wedding band on us of unmarited grace before the foundation of the world. And our hearts believe it, Lord, against all obstacles. We believe it, Lord. May you come and fill these vessels, Lord, and do your work in this end time through each of us. May we be surrendered like never before. And may we give our minds and our eyes and our ears and our thoughts and our mouth and everything over to you that you might finish your work. We love you. I thank you for these people. Oh, I pray you bless all your sheep in this place, the church, brother Ron, and all the ministry. Lord, just let your light shine from this place. We pray. May we go from here, Lord, forever grateful for your word. Yes. committed to consecrating ourselves aresh every day to your purpose. We love you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Can we sing that song, brethren? To glory. He's changing his lifelessness and he is perfect in me. The love of God showed to the world changing. He's changing me. Thanks to the heavenly perfect to the world. Amen. How many have enjoyed these meetings? [Applause] [Music] Yes, I don't know about you, but it's just been a jubilee to my spirit. Thank you, Lord. Knowing that the things that God's been showing me is showing these men doing the same thing. Why? Because this is not the orchestration of man. This is the Holy Spirit working among his bride. This was not skimm milk. If you're not eating on the word and you were expecting to be bottlefed and laying on of hands and faith towards God, hey, listen, then you missed it. This is to those who are full age, who have matured. Hallelujah. Who can take it? Somebody say, I can take it. [Music] Amen. The book is a person. That means he or she or they that receive the book. I've got to be the book. Amen. Hallelujah. He can only come to his own. Amen. What a wonderful time. Amen. Amen. The authority of revelation. Yeah. John ate the revelation. I've always said, "Where's the book?" after the book disappeared. I I start laughing because the devil, if he could get a hold of that book, he'd tear out pages, he'd do something. But where's the book? You're looking at it. It's in me. I'm now a living epistle. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I love that. Come here, Brother Jason. Come here, brother Chad. Stand up here. Stand one to my left, one to the right. [Music] Brother Brennham said one day after I'm gone, he says, "Why didn't they catch that picture? Why didn't they understand these prophecies?" He said, "God would not permit it to be done now, but one day after I'm gone, these young men Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. They'll begin to catch it. [Music] Shh. Don't tell nobody about it. It's in secret. I love it. And if you've been blessed this these meetings, what I'd like you to do, I want you to raise your hand. I want you to p put your blessings upon these men. Hallelujah. Okay? Because what we're going to bless them because everywhere they go, you preach this word. You tell that bride who she is. Don't tell her what she's not. Tell her what she is. Let her know her inheritance. Amen. Because when she sees the identity of the reflection of herself, that's me. How many of you can identify that's me? These men preached identification. And the whole time you're saying, "That's me. Yes, sir. That's me." Amen. Jason comes and preach, "That's me." Chad comes preach. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. Amen. You all, I want you to put your hands out right now. We're going to pray over these brethren. We're going to send them forth. We're going to ask a double portion upon their lives. Heavenly Father, as I lay my hands upon these young men, I ask you, Father, continue to take that word, put it in their mouths, let the thunder go forth. Let the lived lives. Let that mystery of God be finished. I thank you for their lives. I thank you for the testimony of Christ because it is the spirit of prophecy. Hallelujah. I bless them and I ask that you be with them, their churches, their ministries. Bless the souls of their feet and may they possess the gate of every enemy. We thank you. We praise you. We ask it for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, many of you have wanted to visit with them, shake their hand, get their card, get a photo, get a selfie. I'm going to give you an opportunity. I'm going to ask Brother Mike Elder, one of my deacons. Okay? uh you come get these men, take them in the back room, let them put their Bible down, let them put their iPad, different thing. Let them put it down and then they're going to go out front here and and don't none of you just take the whole time and uh with just one and in 20 30 minutes, hey, I got to tell you my no shake your hand, take a selfie, and move on. Okay, so you brethren, huh? Where's Mike? Where you at, Mike? He's coming. Yeah. Here's a man. Come here. Come here. Come here. Here's a man of authority. You tell him to come, he [Music] comes. Take these brethren right now. Go ahead and go into my back room. Put their stuff there. We'll get their Bibles later and then just let them relax for a minute. I'll tell you, I've been blessed. I've been blessed beyond measure. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. All of those within the scripture, all of them, whether it's Abraham, Sarah, or any of them, whether it be Mary, whether it be Ruth, every one of them surrendering themselves. Amen. We're going to sing that song, I surrender. Because I feel that's a good note for us right now. We're surrendering ourselves. We're saying it's not us. I've tried and I like Abraham and Sarah when they were as good as dead. God said, Abraham, how about it? Ah, I've tried. I've tried and I'm dead. My wife's dead. He said, good. the Lord. Now, let me do it. If you've been trying and you've been trying and trying and trying and you say, "I'm just as good as dead." That's good. All you got to do is let him know because it's him going to fulfill the word, not you. It's not your works. You were predestinated. You were ordained. And the devil cannot stop you. Hallelujah. You will. Amen. All you got to do right now to activate it is surrender. Brother Robert, help me out. Yeah. Oh, I surrender. Oh, I surrender my life. [Music] Give it all to you. I surrender. Oh, I [Music] surrender, Lord. I surrender my life. Give it back to you. Verse one. Amen. I know Lord your plan for me is right. [Music] Oh, I need you to fulfill your purpose in my life. I submit to you into you my king. Oh, be my everything. [Applause] I'm coming of you again and again and again. Lord, here I am. Oh, I [Music] surrender. I surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my life. I give it give it all to [Music] you. I surrender. Yes, I do. I surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my Hallelujah. He talked about humility. Let's sing it this morning. Humble and broken, not come to you. Why do we go to him? We trust him. I'm trust seeing and waiting to see what you will do. Oh Lord, you know just like Ruth we heard today. We are high coming to you again. Coming to you again, Lord. Here. Here I am. Here you are. Here we are. I [Music] surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my life. I give it all to you. Oh, I [Music] surrender. Oh, I [Music] surrender. Lord, I surrender my life. [Music] Give it all to you. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can. He talked about a life lived. Give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use. Here I am and here I stand. Oh Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I longing to see. Oh, you're sight revealed in me. So I give myself away. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself [Music] away. Take mine. Would this be your prayer? Take my life. Oh living [Music] sack all my dreams all mine. Can you put them in his hands? Lord I place them in your everyone. I give myself away. [Applause] Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away from you. My life is not my own. My life is not my own. to you alone. I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. My life is not my own. It's not mine. I give it to you, Lord. Belong. I give myself. I give myself that one more time. Oh, my life is not lucky. It's not as yours. I belong myself. I give [Music] myself away. I give myself away. you can see. Hallelujah. Give the Lord an offering of praise this morning. Lord, you're worthy to be praised. You're worthy to be adored. You're worthy. As we dismiss today, I'm thankful for the freedom that we've had in the Lord Jesus Christ. Thank God I'm free. Free from this world of sin. I'm not part of the bond woman that he talked about. But we're part of the free woman. We've been freed in Jesus Christ for a long time. I tried. You're dismissed. Go shake their hands and bless them. No lonely road. My heart was so heavy. Oh, I s I heard about Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful hour. I imagine that I found out he could bring me through his saving power. Thank God I've been free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Music] I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Well, hallelujah. I'm [Music] save by wonderful grace. I'm now he and show me the way. like a bird out of [Music] season. John Dossky, will you come pray? John, will you lead us in prayer? [Music] Do for came back his son like a poor wretched figure that found fortune and I'm glad that he could bring me up his holy [Music] Amen. We'll ask our brother John Dubsky to lead us in a dismissal prayer from the service but not from his presence today. May the Lord bless you and our visitors that have come. God bless you. God bless everybody. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father, we are overwhelmed this morning, Lord. We're overwhelmed by your truth. We're overwhelmed, Lord, by the types and shadows within your word that point redemption for us. Lord, we are so thankful this morning, Lord, that you've come by our way and you have revelated us. You have encouraged us. You have strengthened us. You have lifted us up into heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I am absolutely Lord overwhelmed by your love, your mercy, your grace, your goodness towards us. Lord, I just want to say Lord, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. I don't think I'll ever be the same after today. Lord, I feel I'm a new person, Lord, as I've been swept away, Lord, by your words of life and your words of love. I ask you to bless every single person under the sound of my voice. Lord, give them, Lord, mercy. Give them, Lord, protection. But most important, Lord, continue to give us all revelation of you, Lord, the living, bloody, dripping word of Christ, oh God. Thank you, Lord. Bless brother Chad and brother Jason. Lord, give them a supernatural blessing today. As with everyone here, we give this all to you. We thank you. We praise you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thanks. Thanks. As we leave the building this morning, oh thanks, thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done and I am so blessed. My soul has found rest for God bless you. Have a blessed day today. God bless you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, crazy. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] We don't Sounds [Music]
