################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-22 - What House will thou Built Me Pt5 - Bro Martin Mulumba - Martin Mulumba.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-22
Title:   What House will thou Built Me? Pt5 - Bro Martin Mulumba
Speaker: Martin Mulumba
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iV3uloLZN8
========================================

[Music] Okay. [Music] Oh, God. [Music] Because he lives. Let's all stand this evening. I can face [Music] tomorrow because he lives. All fear is [Music] gone because I know yes I know he holds my [Music] future and life is worth living just because he lives. Let's sing that first verse. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love. He forgive. [Music] He lived and died to by my [Music] part and an empty grave is there to prove my savior lives. Aren't you thankful for that this evening? Just lift your hands cuz he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know he hold my future and life is worth living just because he lives because he lives again. Because he lives, I can face [Music] tomorrow because he [Music] lives. All fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because this. Amen. Sure. I'm thankful that we serve a living God this evening. Amen. We welcome you all to the house of the Lord on this Wednesday evening. Amen. Sure. We've called all come expecting great things tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's sing in your presence, oh God. That's where I belong. Amen. That's where I belong to be with him in his presence. In your presence. That's where I belong. In your presence, oh Lord my God. In your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace in the cliff of the rock. in your presence. Oh God, sing the first verse. Well, I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me, where my feet are on the rock. And I want to hide where the blazing fire cannot burn me. It's in your presence, oh God. In your presence, that's where I belong. In your presence, Lord, my God. In your presence, that's where I belong. seeking your face, touching your grace, in the cl of the [Music] rock, in your presence, oh God, will I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me where I'm covered by the blood. Amen. He's our refuge this evening. Well, I want to hide where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. It's in your presence. Oh God, lift your hands to see. In your presence, that's where I belong. In your presence, Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your grace, in the cleft of the [Music] rock, in your presence, oh God. Amen. That's my desire to just be in his presence just a little bit more. Amen. Brother Joshua Trava, if you could come open our service in a word of prayer. We only have one need entered in this evening. Um, our brother Kelly McMillan from Edmonton is going in for a throat surgery tomorrow. This is a very major surgery. So, just please keep Brother Kelly McMillan in your prayers at this time. And also, their their son has a surgery on Friday as well. So just pray for the McMillan family right now with these surgeries that they they have in their family. Dear heavenly father, we just come here tonight, Lord, expecting and just to hear from you, Lord, and the word that you have prepared for us tonight. And we just pray, Lord, that you soften our hearts to hear from you. Bless the speaker, Lord. We pray for this uh the McMillan, Lord. just uh sounds like they got some stuff going on with the surgery and just pray that you'd be with them and their family. Lord, heal them and comfort them and just be the comforter and the healer we know you are. We just thank you for the ability to get together tonight and to hear from you and just pray your blessing on this service in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can shake your neighbor's hand as you're taking your seat this evening. Amen. Are you washed in the blood? the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Amen. Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you fully trusting in his grace? This how are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb? Are your garments spotless? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in blood of the lamb? Are you walking daily by the Savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Now do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments? Are they white as snow? Are you washed in blood of lamb? When the bridegroom cometh, will your own be white, pure, and white in the blood of the lamb? Will your soul be ready for the manions right? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your armies spotless? Are they white as so? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Lay aside the garments that are stained with sin and be washed in the blood of the lamb. There's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean. Oh, be washed in the blood of the lamb. Yes, I'm washed. Well, yes, I'm washed in the blood. In the soul cleansing blood of lamb. Yes, my garments are spotless. They are white as snow. Yes, I'm washed in the blood of lamb. Oh yes, I'm wash in the blood, in the soul cleansing blood of lamb. Our garments are flawless. Yes, they're white as snow. Yes, I'm washed in the blood. Well, I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn. All my life have been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been saved. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Amen. I've been walking the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. I've been walk I've been reborn. All my lives have been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord had his way. All my life praise God has been changed. Well, though my sins were scared, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. I was lost in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. I've been [Music] [Music] changing all my life. Praise God. I've been changed. Amen. Give me my praise. Amen. There's power in the blood. Amen. Well, would you be free from your burdens? There's power in blood. Power and blood. Would you [Music] re power in blood? There is power. Power. There is power. [Music] Power will be free from your passion. There's power in the blood. Power in the blood. There wonderful power. There is power. Power wondering [Music] power. Power in the heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Power you deserve for Jesus for me. There's power in power in you. There's wonderful power in there is power [Music] power. There is power power. [Applause] So thankful for that blood this evening. Amen. Let's sing. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. Amen. That's my testimony this evening. Amen. Well, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new [Music] man. All things are passed away. I'm born [Music] again. More than ever. [Music] That's what I am. [Music] I'm a brand [Music] new way. I'm born [Music] again. That's what I am. I'm a new creation. I praise you. Amen. Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service, let's all stand this evening singing, "I need you, Lord," right now. Amen. Amen. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. I know I do. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Applause] now. We lift our hands and bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now I need I need you. I need you right [Music] now. I need you. I need you right now. [Music] I lift my hands and bow my knees and [Music] worship your throne. I need you Lord. I need you right now. I lift my hands. I lift my hands. and bow my knees and worship back your throne. I need you Lord. I need you. Before brother Martin comes and ministers this evening, let's sing, "My God is awesome." Amen. We serve an awesome God this evening. Whatever you have need of him, just put it in his hands. My God is awome. He can move mountains, keep me in the valley, hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heal me when I'm broken. strength where I've been for every God is awome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. My God is awome. He's awesome. So awome. He's awome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I heal. My God is awome. Heal me when I'm broken. Strength for I've been weakened for every [Music] single Awesome. [Music] Awesome. [Applause] [Music] Surely our God is person. Yes, he is bringing us in such a time like this to gathered in his presence and thank you Lord to worship him to give us insight into the walk is such an awesome God. Shall we pray? Precious heavenly father. Surely thou awesome Lord Father once again. Yes. Looking to the unseen believing Lord Father against all. Lord Father God we're looking. Lord Father God believing you gave the promise and you bringing it to fulfillment. Thank you Lord. In such time like this at the junction of time seeing the prophecies are coming to pass before our wandering eyes. Amen. In such a time like this Lord Daniel cry it out low father to you. Tonight we're looking away once again to you father. Yes Lord to come and open the word and we may be able Lord to stay focused Lord in order Lord Father to be ready for that catching away and in secret and sudden departure of the bride. Yes. We pray you Lord Father bless the musicians who have participated the song leader every single office. Oh father on seen and unseen father. Yes Lord your children father God here present prayer request presented for our precious sister and brother. May you attend to everything, Father. Because we only know one Jehovah, that is you. You provide to all the needs, Lord. You are our shalom. You are our shikenu. You are our sh be manifested unto us, Lord, tonight. Yes. We ask all these things in humility with thanksgiving in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless you, church. Bless you, brother. It is uh once again a privilege to be found in the house of the Lord. Thank you, musicians. Uh while we have our Bibles, while we're still standing, we'll take a quick reading in the book of Exodus, chapter 30, verse one. Then we'll jump to 6 to8. Exodus 30 verse1. And thou shalt make an altar to burn incense upon of hood shalt thou make it. Verse 6. And thou shalt put it before the veil that is by the ark of the testimony before the mercy seat that is over the testimony where I will meet with thee. And Aaron shall burn their their own sweet incense every morning. And when dressed up the lamb the the lamps, he shall burn incense upon it. And when Aaron lightth the lamps at even, he shall burn incense upon it, a perpetual incense before the Lord throughout your generations. Amen. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. Uh we'll uh are continuing our subject here. We started uh what house will thou built me? We'll take uh a little subject of a sweet incense out to the Lord. continuing that we have started uh this will be I believe part five but God's grace uh we are continuing seeing that uh God dealt with Abraham and told him that his seed shall be enslaved in a foreign land but his mighty hand it shall bring them forth and shall possess the gate of the enemies throughout we saw that uh God had his program that his ch children had to follow all the children of Israel down the path. Uh we see that uh they had made the choice to choose from the lambs and the goats and this lamb and goats will have to be the atonement to allow them the way out of Egypt. And from Egypt, we got into the wilderness whereby the land had uh the children of Israel have to build got a tabernacle. But we understand that the tabernacle is not the tabernacle made out of uh men hands. But it is that we are that tabernacle being built. Amen. Uh Baron preaches us that message, what house will thou built me? A very profound, deep message. Uh we covered uh the outer court, the holy place and and here we are before we get into the holy of holies. We are covering the table of incense whereby the Lord is uh expecting the children of the priest that we are uh the high priest to burn incense upon it. Uh the Bible interprets itself quickly here in the uh book of Revelation 5:8. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four and 20 elders fell down before the lamb having everyone of them of them hops and golden vows full of others which are the prey of saints. Amen. uh whereby we see that Revelation chapter 4 takes us uh in front of uh the throne. Uh as we see also the golden uh the table of incense also takes us right in front of uh getting to the ark of the covenants. And here we are we see that the incense that was to be offered unto the Lord at the prayer of the saints. Um we understand that uh in the word prayer is not a random thing that we go about to to pray but it usually comes with a certain purpose. Prayer for the sick, prayer for revelation, prayer, prayer for all different things. But here we are talking mainly on the u principle of prayer. So we are able to apply it to whatever that we have need of. Understanding that uh this subject we are taking it also at home. Um which is giving us the Lord gave us an opening back home for as a family uh my wife and I and everything that we are going through. uh he I say like he will be so nice to share it with the church but we time will fell us in every single place uh and I was even reviewing some of my notes and and seeing some of the places that we've dealt with before I say well it's a eternal word we'll never we'll never finish it but uh we glorify the Lord for his leadership the way we are going with it uh in this time that um we are living in, we are building this tabernacle of the Lord. It is very important for us to pray in such a manner that with an objective and purpose. Uh we can surely pray for many things in our lives. uh let it be for money, let it be uh for certain independence of uh certain wisdom and all these things is fine. But um when we pray according to God's program, it's the most perfect way for us to be able to pray as we are seeing that um the prayer of saints there were throughout the seven church ages. Revelation 1 to3, Revelation 4 it say come up hither. Revelation five uh they were looking straight at the throne. And I believe also in uh the tabernacle here when the tabernacle is being built, the priest when he's come coming to offer the incense, he's offering the incense looking toward the day that the veil will be opened so he can get into because uh the the Lord said, you know, when you build this table, it has to be offered so that the people the priest can be able to get in one of these days. That's the Bible says in Job 8 verse 8 and 9. For inquire I pray thee of the former age and prepare thyself to search of the fathers. For we we are about of yesterday and we know nothing because our days upon an on upon earth are are a shadow. uh job is showing the work that we are living or the tabernacle that we are building is as if we were born yesterday. Uh when we look at uh the time that the world is going through it's almost like we are just a shadow and it requires us to inquire of the former age. And when we are looking at the former age we are looking at the Bible. We are looking at the message and this former age is showing us all the pattern that is given unto us of what is going on and how should we pray and how should we address prayer. Uh in the book of uh Daniel whereby uh I'll uh take into this time uh that we are living in. We see that Daniel was a man in Babylon and in Babylon he was such a time where he they went into captivity born in sin sheep iniquity as we are and uh we come to this world speaking lies and all of a sudden then when we inquire from the former age and of all the prophets that have told us we quickly understand that we have a time limited unto us that quickly we seeing already the setting sun. Amen. It says u in the first year of Darius the son of uh Aaserus the seed of Mides uh which was made king over the realm of Calaldanss. Uh the way that Daniel was uh describing the land in which he was living in is almost the same way as we are seeing the events that are taking place in the world today. Daniel was so defined, was so detailed that in the days he was living in the first year of uh the pope and the sec or first year of the president certain things were happening in the land. And he says like you know in the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by books just as we read from Job for inquire I pray thee. It is necessary that when we see an election going on in the land, it's not a random thing, a random event for us just to say like, you know, oh, we have a new pope or we have a new president and he's shaking the world out there. But Daniel inquired and he says, I understood by books the number of the years where where of the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah the prophet. So Daniel was not just roaming around the church and or roaming around the world because he was a a well-favored man, a man that went into um the land of the Caldes and uh became one of the governors or one of the best governors in the land just as we can simplify it to our world today. you know somebody who has uh good businesses and who has tremendous success in his life. But then when all these events were taking place, he understood by the word of the Lord that came to William Brham, God willing, u Jeremiah the prophet, if it's the Lord's will that we'll try to get into deep into it in the time to in the near future. Amen. and I set my face unto the Lord to seek by prayer and supplication with fasting and sacklo and ashes. We see that Daniel understands that the time in which he was living in. It was a such a tremendous time. He reconciled as a historian to look back at what time are we living in? What is happening in the land? what type of events are being rolled up in in uh uh in the event in the land he was living in and he understood that this is no more time to just be a good church member. Amen. But then the word is definitely gives us the details. He said well I need to go into prayer. I need to have a supplications. I need to understand what what am I supposed to do? Should I just keep going to church? Should I just keep uh building businesses, planting my tomatoes? Or what are the next steps forward? It's like somebody going to an interview. He understand that you know what can you do? He say well our company is growing to such a two digits and we need somebody to come and fulfill this year. But he also has to inquire what what will be my job description? What am I supposed to bring? What am I supposed to do? Right? And they will inquire of him. What is it of your experience will you be able to bring to the table to move this job or this company forward? What of all this understanding that we have learned, we have seen from building the tabernacle out of uh the outer court out of Egypt and all how to cast out imaginations and and the senses of the of the spirit that we are bringing now into prayer to be able to look forward onto the next step forward because otherwise it's just a nice teaching or just another sermon that we have heard in the church. But then because we know the promise that is, you know, one of these days, heaven and earth shall pass away. Amen. That's right. This earth has to go back to where it came from. Surely we have taken care of this flesh in many manners that we know about. We go to the doctors and we go to the gym and we get all kind of surgery, but we know it's bound to fail. That's right. Therefore also Daniel understood by books that the time that they were allotted in Babylon was coming to end as we seeing all the events that the prophet uh u prophecies coming to pass. Sure we do inquire by books and we read and we listen to tapes and stuff. Then what is the next step forward? Amen. Amen. And uh watch Daniel goes about said and and I prayed unto the Lord my God and made my confessions and said, "Oh Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him and to them that keep his commandments, we have sinned and have committed inquiry in iniquity and have uh done wickedly and re have rebelled even by departing from the percept accept and from thy judgment. Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets which spake in in thy name to our kings, our princes and our fathers and to all the people of the land. Daniel when he was praying he was not just praying individually for himself but he understood by books as we have seen that uh in we have inherited some of the traits of our family members. That's right. And he said like you know we have seen from our parents our governors and he is looking from the country from the level from uh from the country from the government uh from the world and he's saying that the world is coming to an end. Amen. The reign of the cales is coming to an end. And now there's now a step a door opening up. Amen. Because when the time the seven church ages was coming to an end, another door was opening up. That's right. And now this John has to be taken up higher. And he's looking and say like, you know, I have to make my confessions. I have to be right because if the priests could try to go over into the Holy of Holies without being sanctified, without being made ready, will be stricken dead right away. That's right. So then Daniel is understanding said, "We have seen our kings, our prince, our fathers, and all the people of the land." Well, that's not my issue. I'll just pray and this is just my life. No, we pray for even people that we don't know their lives about. We pray for the people that we are aware their lives about. Why? Because we understand that that body will not be made perfect except every one of us be present. Amen. That's why those who go on before us cannot be made perfect without us. That's right. And as we are working, Daniel is understanding the the time and the seasons in which he is living in. He's saying that, hey, this is no time for us just to go and try to start divisions among us as being highminded and uh and living after the flesh and the lust of the eyes and the pride of life. Right? and he's understanding that this is the time to put away all these uh earthly elements to embrace the journey to have our eyes focus into the holy of holies. Help us Lord and the Bible says as we read it that you shall offer incense in the morning you shall offer incense at evening. Jesus said that pray without ceasing. Pray always. Amen. Pray until Yes. Oh Lord righteous verse four uh seven sorry belongth unto thee but uh oh Lord righteousness belongth unto thee but unto us confusion and of faces as at this day the men of Judah and of the inhabitants of Jerusalem and unto all Israel that are near and that are far off. Regardless of where the person is, we are concerned. Amen. Does my child's life hindering the growth of the church? Or do we just leave the child? Oh, he's a grown man now. He can just leave however he wants to live and I'll bring him to church. But Job said, "I'll sacrifice for my children." Perhaps they've sinned against the Lord, right? offering these sacrifices because he understands that the work that I have, I can be so right with God, but my children might not have come to that level. Right? My elders in the land may have walked away from the principle of God. My parents could have backslide. Now it is now my responsibility understanding the time and season. Yeah. seeing how the prophecies are coming to pass. I cannot leave them alone because the principle requires that when Moses goes into Egypt, not one hoof or one single child shall be left behind. Amen. All of us, we're coming out. Thank you, Lord. And Daniel is standing is understanding the time and season. He's inquiring by the books and his understanding that this is now the time for us now to get out. Right. Yes. Amen. Oh Lord, verse 9, to the Lord our God belongeth mercy and forgiveness. Though we have rebelled against him, neither have we obeyed the voice of our of the Lord our God to walk in his laws which he has said before us by his servants the prophets. Yeah. All Israel have transgressed thy law even by departing and they might not obey thy voice. Therefore, the curse is poured upon us and offer that is written in the law of Moses, the servant of God, because we have sinned against him. Amen. And he have confirmed his word which he spake against us and against our judges that judged us by bringing upon us a great evil. For under the whole heaven have not been done has have been done upon Jerusalem. People who go to church, but they're still roaming around. Amen. It's almost a walk of death. The church doesn't reach the level way where out to reach. Why? Because somebody has gone and stolen the mantle of the Babylonian. That's right. Because somebody God has uh has promised us to have such a victory. But then Joshua said, "No, no, no, no, no. The results that we are seeing in the land is not what God has promised us. Because God had told our father Abraham that we shall possess the gates of the enemy. That's right. We are to be standing and bringing all things under our feet. Amen. Amen. But the results that we are seeing is not the case. We finding ourselves still in the flesh, right? why we still finding ourselves so highminded. But then this tabernacle that we are building, we understand that we have to make a stop at some point. That's right. We're not just building building. I'm going to put long dresses and I live now. I don't put high heels and things. But now it also time to repent before the Lord. Amen. To inquire of him. a prayer night, a sweet incense unto the Lord tonight. And he says, "And he's repenting." And now verse 15, "And now, oh Lord our God, that has brought thy people forth out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand is rem presenting all these promises, the things that God has done previously before them." They said like, "Lord, we are in a foreign land. We are in this flesh. We are so caught up in this land. But look at what you did there. Verse 16. Oh Lord, according to all thy righteousness, I beseech thee. Let thine anger and thy furry be turned away from the city of Jerusalem, thy holy mountain that we are. Because for our sins, and for the inquiry of our fathers, Jerusalem, thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us. Now therefore, our God, hear the prayer of thy servant, and his supplications, and cause thy face to shine upon thy sanctuary that is desolate. for the Lord's sake. Oh my God, incline down and hear and hear. Open thy eyes and behold our desolation. Daniel is being conscious of his state. Amen. The state of his people. Yes. It's not trying to just pray to open the service, but he's praying consciously, right? Lord, look at what is happening among us. Help us, Lord. This is not a person who goes about like, oh, this brother did this and that brother that. No, no, no, no, no. He's aware of what's going on in the land. Not necessarily by going and sending emails. What do you know about this one? That what do you know about that one but we'll find how you able to find all these things because with Jeremiah I believe the Lord will take him up or Ezekiel and say come I'll show you what the elders of Israel are doing in the hiding because he's the understanding the power of prayer. at junction time. Amen. When the prophecies are being fulfilled, they're being conscious that this is not the time for us to go about and uh sending emails and spying and recording people in the background and background check according to the credit score out there. But he's doing this work according to the prophecy. That's right. And as the prophecies being fulfilled, it sets his mind into a channel. And as we are building this tabernacle, it sets our mind into a certain channel. Amen. Lord, look at my flesh. I have seen that I have inherited anger from my parents. I've inherited complex from my country or family or background, whatever that is. But this is not out to be. 19 Oh Lord, he Oh Lord forgive. Oh Lord, he can undo. Defer not for thy own sake, oh my God, for thy city and thy people are called by thy name. He's bringing the Lord so close to him. Said, Lord, look at who you dealing with. Look at in what condition that we are in. Because as the earth is groaning for deliverance, Yes sir. for the birth of this new body that we are building inside this tabernacle that we are building. It requires sincerity. Amen. It requires humility. It requires time that at home prayer meetings has to rise and and stand and consciously bringing the children, bringing the family, bringing the wife, bringing all the business that we have in our lives under subjection so that we can be ready for that departure. Amen. True. Brother Bernham says Gabriel Gabriel's instruction to Daniel 81. And if Daniel the prophet of the Lord could consult Jeremiah's book and bring him to such a place that even Israel coming out all of them alive was coming out of Babylon to go back to the homeland will cause him to fast with slo and hashes. How much more are it to be to do to the church of the living God? Amen. to know that the time is fading out and shall be no more and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and the great millennium ready to set in such a time that that that all these prophecies are being fulfilled before our eyes and Daniel understood that this is the time we're going back the prophet says how much more the bride of Jesus Christ that's right seeing that of Time is running out. Seeing that he's appearing at hand. Seeing that the rapture at hand, what are we what in what state supposed should we be in? How can we spend wasteless time gambling, swimming whole on Sundays, no time for the Lord, just run down? If the pastor speaks on something another that you don't like, you get up and you go out. And if uh the church holds too long, why you dissatisfy? Look at our condition. Amen. Look at we doing being able to understand to see the conditions that we are in. What are we doing? Amen. consciously and consciously compare our lives with that prophet. One man in a complete kingdom with no church to go to and nowhere else to go to. It was torn down and burned down. His city, his people was captive 60 years 68 years 68 years. He he had two years left. So when he begin to read in the books and to see the time was drawing nigh to full to be fulfilled, he went to God in prayer to find out about it. Amen. Help us, Lord. Because that's what we seeing today. A new pope shall come fulfilled. We need to make America great again. We're seeing it around us. We see communism trying to shake the world on one end of one another. We see it from the prophecy. Amen. Then what is our state? What is our condition? He prayed and he inquired from the Lord. Lord understand where I came from. Understanding what country am I in? understand the condition of my family. Understand the condition of my church. Some are being pulled away. Some are being pulled in. Some are being shaken left and right. Yes, I believe that I am righteous. Yes, I believe that I am the I am consecrated. But my prayer is not just for myself. Amen. But my prayer is for my people. That's right. is for the city of Jerusalem. Because if I alone will make it to heaven, what kind of heaven will it be? Right. That's right. Good question. Because Baram say mothers will never be complete without the children over there. Amen. What will the father say if they can find the children over there? Baram say hello I love this brother with a raptured family. The father is saved. The mother is saved. The children are saved. Now the church ought to look into ourselves too. Amen. Look at our families. It's not your just your direct family but your extended family. Right. And all that you can call your family the bride of Jesus Christ. Because the rapture is being delayed because people are not being ready. That's right. Once we can understand start seeing the scope of work the work that we have to do our job will be our prayer life will be way different. Amen. Supernatural 56 they just moved on. God never put that in there for nothing. God never put never come for just an a a a half a hazard way. But this prayer that we are talking about prayer is not a perhaps prayer is a sincere thing. Amen. Prayer is talking to God. We just seen how Daniel was talking to God. Prayer is not get down, shut your eyes, and thinking about your washing and all your work you're doing. Say, "Lord, help me and and John and and heal Mrs. John and so forth." That's not prayer. True, brother. That's repeating some words. Yeah. But prayer is to come into an atmosphere where you realize that you're in the presence of God. And God is moving to Dan in the deepest of sincerity because Daniel was moving in such a condition. Yes sir. is understanding the time and season. Otherwise, we we just Lord we we come to church and thank you Lord for the service and the good word and we go back home. Even God him even yourself you can feel like yeah I really nothing. Amen. But then when you start getting into that atmosphere, you start getting closer to him with that sincerity because you cannot speak of sincerity in this tabernacle. You can't understand the state of your mind, the state of your flesh. Because with that flesh, with everything that came along with that flesh and the the cultures that you have and everything that you have, that's what you're bringing to bring to the Lord. Amen. Lord, look at my condition. This is who I am according to the word, according to the pattern. It doesn't align. Look at this. This is what I'm struggling with. I'm highminded. I am this. I'm I I am always carnal. I'm always gossiping and I'm always doing this here. You taking all these things and you're bringing it before the Lord under such a condition and say Lord this is the junction of time. Amen. This is the time for me to go out but I am heavy loaded. I can build the tabernacle the weight according to the pattern because I am clinging to this thing so much. That's right. Yes. What house will thou build me? Because this tabernacle is to be a house of prayer. Amen. A house of supplications. Brother, pray for me. I'll be on the pulpit tomorrow. I have to trust him that he is a house of prayer. But then he but then when Joe uh what is his name? Jonas they say like you know let's pray. The guy goes to sleep. That's right. Because his condition would not allow him to come before the Lord. Amen. Many of us when we bring prayer meetings, prayer requests, we they can pray for about it. Why? Because the condition of the soul, the condition of the mind. The mind is at work. The mind is in other places and running after women even being in church. Amen. and not understanding the junction of time in which we are living in. Help us Lord. He looks he say like you know that's a sincere thing but prayer is to come into an atmosphere where you realize you're in the presence of God and you moving to then in the deepest sincerity first it's a worship. Yes. Oh Jehovah how I love you. Take time in your prayer. Yes sir. Don't be in a rush. Amen. Look at your calendar. If you have to leave at 6:00 p.m., 6:00 a.m., wake up at 4:00 a.m. Amen. It's even actually the good time for you for to pray. But say at that time all the devils are tired coming from the bars and the clubs and everything. Amen. Now the channel is open. Yes. Amen. Because himself he said I believe they were in felon if I'm not mistaken. He said like, you know, the brother didn't know where I was. Around 4:00 a.m. I stood up and I started praying all the way till 9:00 a.m. until then the angel started walking. I started hearing the steps. Prayer, a sincere thing. If the prophet for those meetings he could consecrate himself so much for him to be able to get into those prayer meetings or preaching the word and things how much more as we sing all these events being made clear by vindicated prophecies. Amen. Help us Lord. Our prayer level or prayer understanding turns around. is no more the same type of prayer of uh bless this brother here, bless the service and no no this is now a different type of prayer. Amen. A prayer that understands the urgency of the hour, right? The urgency is upon me. I cannot roam around and start walking and and just walk around and say like, you know, I'm praying, I'm praying. No, no, no, no. We praying consciously that this tabernacle be made ready. Amen. for that departure. Amen. You see it? Then after the worship of prayer, then you come with a sincere heart asking. Daniel did it. And here see now the prayer of Nemiah chapter 1 verse verse 5. and said, "I beseech thee, oh Lord, God of heaven, great um the great and terrible God that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandment. Let thine hear, let thine hear now be attentive, and thine eyes open that thine mayest hear the prayer of thy servant which I pray before thee now day and night." Remember the instance has to be given day and night. Amen. For the children of Israel, thy servant, and confessed the sins of the children of Israel, which have sinned against thee. Both I and my father's house have sinned. Oh, brother, you know, my family is good. My children are fine. No, no, no, no, no, no. Be sincere. Amen. Job said that, you know, maybe they did. He didn't have all the recordings. He didn't have the GPS that pinpoint the child in a in a club somewhere. He didn't have somebody take a picture of his son running with women around. But he understood by books. Amen. That we are born in sin, sharpening iniquity. That the children first attraction is sin. Right. And this child needs to be brought back into the land. and it puts us into prayer and supplications. It's not condemnation of those who are weak among us, but instead is a lifting the hands of the ministry. Amen. Because remember when we spoke about the ministry of the sanctuary, we're not coming here to try to bring a strange fire, but we bringing a sweet sweet uh uh smelling incense onto the Lord. Amen. It's like the Lord remember us. We have sinned. Yes, myself. I have sinned. But in this time that we are walking in, please pay attention to our supplications. Please forgive. Please answer us. Daniel is inquiring, if you forgiving us, then what what is the path forward? What are we supposed to do? Right? Because when William Brham was praying, the angel of the Lord came to him. Pray for uh for Billy. Billy was in trouble. He was not about to talk down to him and you not listening and all this here. No. To start fussing with the children, with the husband or wife, and oh, I'm suspecting you. You being suspicious. Who are you talking on the phone? What? No. No. No. No. No. But understanding on how to navigate the junction of time. Amen. Otherwise we finding ourself into fight into uh feisting ourself and then before you know it it's 911 on the phone and it's domestic abuse and all kind of things and then the family tore apart. We just didn't understand in which time we living in. That's right. We just not understanding that the devil is roaming around like a lion seeking who to devour. Amen. Amen. He probably will come through as a to you as a father, he will come to you as a mother. But the junction of time will have to make us understand that despite of everything that we're saying that oh the pope is conservative and he's telling the the gay people like your whole family is made out of a man and woman. Understand that the devil is cunning. That's right. He may appear as the one that will bring the world into place but when people shall say peace and security then is sudden destruction. Amen. But then to the bride of Jesus Christ we understanding by the books. That's right. We understand by prophecy what is happening? Where are we going? What kind of work supposed should we supposed to do? Nemiah 1:11. Oh Lord, beseech we I beseech thee. Let night down here and be attentive to the prayer of thy servant and the prayer of thy servant who desire to fear thy name and prosper and I pray thee thy servant this day and grant him mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king's cup bearer despite of his position. Nemiah, Daniel, whatever your position is. The understanding that the constraint that can come about with whatever position we holding. Sometimes we can't make it to to the service. Why? Because we have to go make money. See where prayer goes. Amen. It's opening those areas. Lord, I can be there in service. I can have time for prayer. I'm working long hours. Lord, can you open a way that can I can be able to have time with the family? Amen. All that is linked wrapped into this principle of prayer. In the junction of time, Psalm 55, even and morning at noon I will I pray and cry out loud and you shall hear my voice. He have delivered my soul in peace from the battle that walks against me. For there were my were many with me. all these troubles and I cannot do this and my children are not listening and I cannot do this and I am busy with this. The Bible is showing us prayer. Amen. Even morning evening morning at noon will I pray and cry out loud and he shall hear my voice. 119 Let I pray thee, thy mercy, kindness, and be my comfort according to thy word unto thy servant. Let thy turn of mercy. Psalm 119 uh verse 76. Let let pray thee thy mer thy that merciful kindness be for my comfort according to thy word unto thy servant. Let that turn of mercies come come upon me. Come unto me that I may live for thine law is my delight. Amen. Amen. Watch where prayer is taking the people in such a sincerity. Say the Lord it is my delight to stay in prayer but look at all these activities that I have to attend to. Can you open the way? Yes. So I can be able to be free to spend time in prayer in the morning. At times you work overnight, you come back home so tired and the children can't see you, daddy has to go to sleep. But then when we start understanding these things, we become conscious of what kind of prayer we're bringing to the Lord. Amen. Psalm 122 6-9. Pray for the peace of Jerusalem. They shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls and prosperity within thy palaces. For my brethren and my companion's sake, I will now say peace be within thee. Because of the house of the Lord our God, I will seek thy God. All this prayer that is being offered unto the Lord, we see that it's not only for ourselves, but for Jerusalem's sake. Amen. Peace be upon Jerusalem. Peace be upon you, my brethren. That when we come together, let it be a house of peace. Amen. A house of prayer, a house of supplication, a house where the sweet incense is being presented unto the Lord. The prayer, the good smelling before the Lord in such a fellowship with God. Yeah. Lord, we understand our condition. But yet at the same time, we look back in the books at time like this. You brought the great prophet Moses. In time like this, you brought the great prophet Brandon and you gave him all the great successes that he has had in his life. What about us? Amen. And while the Daniel 9 and while I was speaking and praying and confessing the my sins and the world this uh and the sin of my the of my people Israel and presenting my supplications before the Lord my God for the holy mountain of my God. Yeah. While I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabrielle whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning being a coast to fly sweetly touched me about the time of the evening oblation in at the time of prayer. Amen. At the time of offering incense again when you pray when we pray we need that angel to appear. That's right. We need that still small voice to come about. Amen. Otherwise, it's just, you know, we pray. I prayed. I hope uh God will answer me with my conditions and I think it's going to work out. I hope that's not what the book is showing us. That's not what we're learning from the book. That's right. And he 22 and he informed me and talked so talked with me and said oh Daniel you replace with your name I am now come forth to give this skill and understanding of the time in which you living in. It's not just like, you know, the pastor will come and preach us about what's going on with the pope and with the country, the economy, and and then the pastor will tell us what job to go take and what kind of prayer we should be. No, no, no, no, no, no. He understood that we are building a tabernacle. Amen. For the holy mountain of my God, I've confessed my sins. I've confessed the sin of my people. Then if we have be we are sincere in this type of prayer then the man Gabriel has to come forth. Praise the Lord. The man Gabriel has to come forth. Is that so? Yes sir. At the beginning of my supplications the commandment came forth and I am come to shooty and for thou are greatly beloved. That's why you are the beloved bride of Jesus Christ. Therefore, understand the matter and consider the vision. Amen. Consider what house are you building. That's right. Consider what is said the work that is set before us. Consider what kind of people are we called to be. Not earthly bound people coming to church at times. Not coming to church at times. Yes, all the struggles are coming about. So we can be able to take all these things and bring them into prayer. Amen. Help us Lord. Al Shai paragraph A. Here's people that's coming up now to giving their life to Christ. Some of the personal workers workers walk with them. You come somebody else that needs Christ walk down here at the altar. I'll tell you friends, as I said the other night, you've heard so much mighty rushing winds and so many earthquakes and and so many shaking things and till you've failing to hear that last one. What was that last? A still small voice. Amen. Yes, we come, we listen to the word and we go, we go about this, we go about this. I prayed, I prayed, I prayed, I prayed, brother, I'm say stay a little longer, right? Wait a little bit. That's why I say when you look at your calendar, yes, you have to leave home at 6, wake up early so you can give him time. You give him times for him to speak because God is never in a rush. That's right. He's we are in rush. He's never in rush because when Gabri uh Daniel started praying the angel was given commandment to go but then the traffic from that dimension to this dimension he was in the traffic of thoughts and will I pray enough? What am I going to pray? That traffic makes the channel so crowded and so clogged that the angel can't get to us. You've heard so much mighty winds and left and right and stuff. Wait a little bit. Wait a little longer. Amen. And when Daniel comes is to give you understanding. It's still small voice. There's something in your heart that says, "Oh yes, yes, there it is. I see it." What do you see? The vision. What do you see? What God, what type of tabernacle you building in this hour? What do you see the bride of Jesus Christ? Where do you see God's program in this hour? Amen. Otherwise, what kind of people are we? Right? We just go about church, go back and come back home and and and live our lives and fall in sin and and all this here. Oh, if we could wake up, we if we could we could wake up to that, that's what we need. Who could pray a prayer that would dedicate these people over? I don't believe there's a minister in the world can do it. Listen to what the prophet says. You have to do it yourself. Amen. That's the pro pastor. No, no, no, no, no. It is my job. It is your job. Let's not leave everything to Moses. Moses, do the work. No, no, no. You have to get to your knees. Amen. Daniel the great prophet prayed. Nemiah also prayed. Ezra also prayed. All of them under the same understanding that the program of God, the kingdom that we are building, the the the the the house that we are building is not some random things. We understand the pattern. We understand all these things. We go into supplications. We look away to him. Amen. Luke 22. And he came out and went and and was and as he w he went to the mount of of olives and and disciples also followed him. And when he was at the place, he said unto unto them, "Pray that ye enter not into temptation." And he was withdrawn from them about uh a stonecast and kneel down and prayed saying, "Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, not my will but thy will be done." He was look at the condition. He was not praying just for himself. He understood that his prayer it was not just about him. Amen. Daniel prayed. What happened? The angel appeared. Verse 43. And there appear appear an angel unto him from heaven strengthening him. Thank you, Lord. I'm showing the pattern of things. That's right. Amen. That when we say that I have prayed, when we say that I have consecrated myself, there's a certain result that we have to have. Amen. No, no, no, no, no, no. The angel only appeared to brotherham expectations. And notice this is a believer in the church. And notice all this just gets right next to me when I think of it. Now Simeon probably out out somewhere in prayer room or outside of the temple not only in church of course and maybe that morning there would probably be 50 children will say standing in the line of circumcision but notice just when Mary just brought Jesus the Holy Spirit spoke to Simeon. Yeah. It's not just the prophet, right? The Holy Spirit spoke to Simeon. Amen. And what did he say? Simeon uh uh spoke spoke to spoke to Simeon somewhere else outside and he was laid by the Holy Spirit right straight to the Christ child. Amen. coming at the very instant, picked him up in his arms and said, "Lord, let your servant depart in peace, for I have seen your salvation." Amen. Hallelujah. Prayer. Amen. It's not a perhaps. That's right. It's not a maybe. Yeah, I'll pray and yeah, I will see. I'll leave it to the pastor. No, no, no, no. You have to do it yourself. Amen. Come on. True. Simeon had to do it himself. Jesus had to do it himself. Then the angel appeared. The forms in the shapes. We've said it. The voice, the the the child Christ, the angel, all these forms must give us the answer to what we're supposed to do. Because Daniel inquired, "Well, I come to you, Gabrielle. I come to you so you can have skills and understanding, what is the promise given unto us? Is the change of the body given unto us today?" He has a promise. Is the rapture a promise to us? Are the prophecies being fulfilled around us? Yes. Are we aware of what's going on in the world? And if we are aware, if we are heavy laden, let's go to him and he shall give us rest. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The contest, brother Bernham says, and we'll be closing here quickly. Heavenly Father, paragraph 338. Heavenly Father, as we stand here, as many thoughts is dying out in our hearts and and of the mistakes of last year, Daniel cried of the mistakes and all the disobedience and everything they did. Nehemiah did the same. And here, brother Brenam is standing. He said like, you know, of the mistakes of last year. And as we approaching the death of 62 and the birth of 63, oh God, may we be one step higher up the ladder until we can see Jesus and his program. Amen. Help us, Lord. Prayer is not a maybe. Come on. Prayer is not just thinking about this fellow here, but at the junction of time in which we are living in that the the beast and the image of the beast are working so rapidly. Then what should Daniel do in this hour? We have seen the mistakes that we did living in culture, living after the flesh and being highminded and all these things. But then as we let us get a step higher the ladder. Amen. Amen. Until we can see Jesus and his program. We all know what happened afterward in 63. That's the result of prayer. Amen. It's not some random thing, right? You pray about something, God has to bring it to pass. And why is it bringing to pass? Even Jesus said that like you know you receive not because you are praying a miss. We praying you know Lord I need to be the big man in the city. I need to be the great man here. I need to to be this one here. No no no no no no. Take the program ask Jesus what is your program. Amen. And then start praying. If my word abides in you then ask what you will. That's right. And then when you start asking according to God's will, everything comes up so quickly. Praise the Lord. Amen. We see that in the word, right? Because when the angel came to uh to Abraham under the tree, he said like, you know, next year the promise shall be fulfilled. When the cloud came down, the word must be open. When the you come before the altar, the angel must go take the book and open the book. Result of what? Prayer. That's right. Amen. The angel came to John. Come up here. I'll show you things that are here after. Where's the angel of the Lord among us? We leave him in in 65 and we leave him in the pictures. Prayer. Amen. Let him come off the the pictures. And let him become a living God. Amen. We need him alive today. A united church understanding the responsibility. What kind of house we are building. That's right. Because all the other houses will be brought down. Only one city shall stand is the holy mountain of Jerusalem. That's right. All the rest will be cast away very quickly according to the prophecy of course. May everyone here Lord in prayer while the old year is dying and the new birth uh the new birth of the new year is coming in. May the old man's sin and unbelief die out in our hearts and the new birth come in with the uh 1963 of the next minute like a rushing mighty wind that might fall might fill our beings and make us new creatures in Christ Jesus. Amen. Notice the result of prayer. The angel of God. Now notice if you can believe if you can believe now many of the miracles that are performed I always see them in my room in prayer before I come to the building. Amen. We're not just walking around randomly. No, no, no, no, no, no. When you come to church, pray it up. God has to show you for it. We not just coming to preach, you know, brother Martin come and preach. No, no, no, no. Brother Brenam is saying us. He is our wave. Amen. Our example. That's right. As he did with the prophet, so shall he do with us. Amen. When he's in prayer, many of the miracles that are going to take place, he sees them before he comes to the pulpit. Amen. When the child is about to get into trouble, are you surprised by the call? Oh my god, I need to go home. Hey, but my child. No, no, no, no, no, no. That already shows us in what type of condition we are in. Amen. That shows us like you know if everything just catches us by surprise then we are in a very concerning condition. I am surprised you this has happened to me my my my children and I can understand this child doesn't listen. I spoke to him. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Leave ahead of those times. Amen. Before those struggles happen, God has to show you. That's the prophet. The angel came to him, "Don't defile your body. Don't drink. Don't do this here because when you shall grow, I'll have a ministry." He knew that my life, I'm living it according to a promise. Amen. He went, "Mama, I've seen a bridge 16 people fall into the the river." How how how is it going to happen? Why? Because angelic visitation, right? A prayer of supplications get us into a channel. Amen. to close here. 2 Chronicles chapter 2, behold verse 4, behold I build an house to the name of the Lord my God to dedicate it to him and to burn him sweet incense and for the uh continual showbre and for the burned offerings morning and evening on the Sabbath and on the new moons and on the solemn feast of the Lord our God. This is an ordinance forever to Israel. Amen. Continually I am building this tabernacle so I can offer incense unto the Lord. Praying without ceasing. I'm continually in this house. I'm building. Lord, I'm struggling with the flesh. Lord, you remember me. Lord, remember me. You go on the next step. Are you dealing with your spirit? Lord remember me. Lord remember me. And so on. All these stages the angel is seeing is coming to help us. Amen. Thank you Lord. Building a house to the Lord. A sweet smelling favor onto the Lord. It's not a perapse. Amen. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. Our time is passed. I want to challenge your faith. Now that's a great big statement for a person to make. But I just want to I want to give you this uh to uh to give you in this manner. Think you uh uh you think of yourself now you Methodist, you Baptist, Pentecostal, whatever you are. If you are to contend for that faith and we believe that Jesus is ro from risen from the dead, this same man that made that challenge that time I said you can prove you can't prove one thing that there is a God outside of the supernatural. Listen to this. For when omnipotence speaks, the miraculous takes place. Omnipotence can speak without bearing miraculous. Amen. Is that right? That's right. We can come and pray and say like you know, oh the Lord. No, no, no, no. If the omnipotence has spoken, if we have a message in this hour, the miraculous must take place. Amen. the angels must appear. What is the state of our our our um of our prayers? We just pray and we we go on and musician if you can come. We just we pray we pray however we want to pray and and then there's no miraculous. No, no, no, no, no, no. Something must take place, right? Watch that pattern of uh of the scriptures. All the people in the world they stood conscious of the time in which they were living in right where we can say Lord my faith looks up to thee. Thou lamb of Calvary Savior divine now hear me while I pray. Amen. This prayer time, a prayer meeting, prayer time. Is your flesh so hard that it defies the word of God? That means the omnipotence didn't come forward. Is your spirit, your culture too hard that the word can contain it? That means the omnipotus didn't come forward because when he speaks, the miraculous takes place. Praise the Lord. All the flesh is torn down. All the spirit, the mind battles are quietened quickly. And then the angel is appearing to do what? Let us see you, Lord. And your program. Amen. Amen. Let us see Jesus appearing unto [Music] us. What did the prophet do for the angel to appear to him? What did Abraham do for them to appear to them? To Daniel, to Zachchariah, to Mary and Simeon, Anam. Now that we are surrounded by this cloud of witnesses, what is our position? Amen. Shall we pray? Heavenly Father, surely Lord, a time of prayer, not just for sermon and but Lord that to remind us Lord Father God of this important part and step into building the tabernacle. [Music] a sweet influence and smelling all the fragrance onto you and even in the morning at noon time. Father, we want to give you Lord Father God our old being as oh Father God is a sacrifice a house of prayer where Lord Father we saying Lord Jesus Christ our church our brothers and sisters and the times in which we are going through let your word Lord Father God be with us Lord yes Lord lead us along the way in humility places where about Lord Father God revelation didn't strike to understand is pardon Lord Father God of the scripture. Let the angel of the Lord who follows the prophet's message go after each one of us Lord and reveal Father God accordingly Lord Jesus and wherever Lord Father God we shall meet again. Let us Lord Father God walk closer more in love and respect and remembrance Lord of your princip Lord every day of our life. We ask all these things with thanksgiving in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. God bless you, brother. Let's all stand. I need more of [Applause] you. That's the way it's got to be. [Music] I need more of you till there's no room left in me. All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, I need more of you. If that's your desire, just lift your hand this evening. Will I need more of you? That's the way it's got to be. I need more of you till there's no room left in me. All those wasted hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, shining more of you in me. This is your house, Father. Come on. This is your house, father Emmanuel. This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell. We dedicate this temple to you, Lord. Let your glory fill this sanctuary. the throne of the praises of your people. Lord, we agree in unity. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and lonely bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. This is your [Music] house. Come and dwell. Holy Spirit overflow this place decorate our walls with grace and mercy. Let healing and redemption find searching souls. Lord have your way. We humbly pray. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and Marcel, if you could come close our service in a word of [Music] prayer. Let's pray. [Music] Mercy. Prophecy. [Music] Glory. Mercy. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that chorus one more time as we go. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. [Music] This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell and go in peace. [Music]
