################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - Save the Best for Last - Bro Warren Arquisola - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-05
Title:    Save the Best for Last - Bro Warren Arquisola
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Evening Light Fellowship AZ
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HO1uKQlSMNo
========================================

Description:
2025-0604 Wednesday Evening Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's All stand this evening. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Verse one. Oh, the sun comes up. It's a new day dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass. And whatever lies before me, let me be singing when the evening comes. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. He's rich in love. You're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness, I will keep on singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Just worship him this evening. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. I'll worship his holy name. Sing like never before, oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. And on that day when my strength is failing, the end draws near and my time has come. Still my soul will sing your praise [Music] unending 10,000 years and then forever more. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul, worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Amen. Let's sing. I'll worship. I worship you, Almighty God. K of F. Amen. Welcome everyone to our midweek service. Just pray we've all come expecting a mighty work tonight. Amen. Amen. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Do you believe that? I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my righteousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. Would you worship him this evening? I worship you. Oh prince of peace. That is what I want to do. I give you praise for you are my rightousness. I worship you almighty God. There is none like you. There is none like you. There is none like [Applause] you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Let's sing that again. There is none like [Applause] you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Amen. There's none like him this evening. Amen. We have a couple prayer requests and brother James Love, if you could come open our service in a word of prayer, pray over these needs here. Sister Carolyn Hunt is having surgery tomorrow morning. So, if we could please keep her in our prayers. Also, please remember brother Jerry Sers. He has not been feeling well. So, please be with brother Jerry. Amen. Brother Larry Anderson is requesting prayer for his son Rick, who has a serious sinus infection and is scheduled for surgery on July 1st. So, let's Brother Larry Anderson's son this evening. Amen. Let's sing that again. There is none like you, Lord. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Amen. Before we go to the Lord in prayer, Brother Steven Manard wanted me to mention his car was stolen on I believe it was Monday or when he came back from camp and he just prayed that the Lord would restore it unto him and he said the very next day his car was back and minimal damage. So we just want to give the Lord praise for that as well. Let's just bow our heads and our hearts together. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we count it a great honor to be gathered again once again in your house, Father, to give you praise, to give you honor, to give you glory, Lord, for truly you're worthy of it all. And Lord, in the good times, we praise you. In the bad times, we praise you. And Lord, through the trials, through the ups and the downs, we want to give you thanks, Lord. Lord, even just a return car. Oh God, we just want to Lord, many times we go through things and we don't understand it all. But Father, you know all things and we just want to say thank you for being so good to us, Lord. And you see these needs that have come before this desk. Lord, I'm sure there's many more across the hearts of your people. And Lord, we're just asking that you would come and you would meet them according to your will and to your purpose. Father, may you have your way. And even in this service, may you walk the aisles, Lord, on this mid midweek service. Lord, may we set aside the cares of life and the things that so easily beset us and let us run the race that is set before us. Oh God, we just ask that you be with brother Warren as he brings forth the word. May you just anoint his lips, anoint our hearts to receive, be in the song service that we could create an atmosphere for you. We commit it for your your honor, your glory in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Why don't you shake your neighbor's hand as you're taking your seat this evening? Amen. Want to welcome Brother Ben and Sister Lorie Laauo. See you back. We're good to see you here this evening. Amen. Let's sing. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Amen. Give me oil in my lamp. Keep me burning. Give me all in my lamb I pray. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh sing hosana, sing hosana, sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Well give me old in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamp I pray. Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh sing hosana sing hosana sing hosana to the king of kings sing hosana sing hosana sing hosana to the king well give me all in my lamb keep me burning give me all in my lamb am by pray. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Amen. Give him a hand clap of praise. Amen. He hath made me glad. Amen. I sure am glad this evening. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for heath made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Well, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Goodbye world. Goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. life. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Aren't you thankful you're born again? Born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Well, born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born, born, born again. I'm God, I'm born again. Goodbye, world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way for the rest of my life. Got my mind got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Amen. Give him another hand clap of praise this evening. Amen. Rising up. Rising up. Amen. Let's just worship him this evening. Amen. As you look out across the land, see God's mighty hand. See the bride of Christ adorned in her wedding gown. Just like in the days of old, they stood in courage bold. They turned this old world upside down. I'm rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Well, rising up. Rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Well, the Bible plainly tells how the Holy Ghost fell. Signs and wonders they were done by apostles hands. Demon spirits were cast out in the jail. They sang and shout while surrounded by God's holy angel band. Well, rising up, rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. Oh, rising up. rising up. There's a New Testament church rising up. I like this verse here. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, I have some good news to bring to you. In the last days, he'll pour out his spirit more and more. Like a mighty eagle, your strength, he'll renew. who sing. I'm rising up. Rising up. I'm rising up. I'm that New Testament church. I'm rising up. I'm rising up. I'm rising up. I'm that New Testament church. Rising up. I'm rising up. I'm rising up. up. I'm that New Testament church rising up. I'm rising up. I'm rising up. I'm that New Testament church rising up. That third verse again. Well, if you think it's all long gone and the miracles are done, I have some good news to bring to you. In the last days of war, at his fear and more and more like a mighty eagle, your strength he'll renew. Aren't you thankful for that? I'm rising up. I'm rising up. I'm that New Testament church rising up. I'm rising up. I'm rising up. Testament church, rising up. Amen. Glory. Amen. Let's all stand this evening. Amen. Let's sing. Blessed be the name of our Lord. Amen. Let's just worship him before brother Warren comes. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. more. So we lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Well, blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let us lift up holy hands. So we lift up holy hands. on accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Blessed be his name this evening. Amen. Before brother Warren comes, let's just sing Healer of the Broken Pieces. Amen. We're going to try and do the verses on this beautiful verses. Amen. We'll start on the chorus. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made a new. Aren't you thankful for that? Now my whole life I surrender. I lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my heart to you. [Music] Love that s before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of my heart. Amen. Verse one. You are my healer. Healer of my [Music] heart. The maker and God of all. We are. This was me. I was that broken vessel. I was the broken vessel in your hand. But you look beyond the hurt and made me whole again. Amen. Healer of the broken pieces. Healer of the broken pieces. is you touched my heart and made it new. Aren't you thankful for that? Whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that s. Love that sought before I knew you. has brought me near to where you are. And now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of my heart. Verse two. Nothing compares, Lord, to knowing [Music] you and seeing what the grace of God can do. Did he do this for you? You faithfully sought me and called me your own. Then made a way to bring my wandering heart back home. Aren't you thankful for that? Just lift your hands and worship. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it new. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the mener. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that s before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. Now I live to praise you ever may I praise you healer of my heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. There was a time that we were sick, mentally sick. Some of some of us are drunk hard. Some of us are are are violent people. Some of us are gone far away from the Lord. But God called us in one purpose. Hallelujah. And that is to worship him. Amen. Amen. Healer of the broken pieces. [Music] You touched my heart, made it new. Now, so now my whole house, lay it down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that sought before I knew you has brought me near to where you are. [Music] And now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you, healer of my heart. Amen. Amen. and greetings in the name of the Lord. Thank you, brother Ron, for the opportunity. Let's open our Bibles before I um say something. I will share about um I I think I had two short videos to show John chapter 2:7. I think the the five minutes was not enough last December, last uh uh new year. So the title again is save the best for last. Amen. Amen. John chapter 2 verse 7 up to 10. Amen. Jesus said unto them, "Fill the water pots with water." And they filled them or filled them up to the brim. And he said unto them, "Draw out now bear into governors of the feast, and they bear it." when he ruled or when the ruler of the feast has tasted the water that was made wine and knew not whence it was. But the servant which draw the water knew the governor of the feast called the bridegroom and said unto the unto him, every man of that uh at the beginning do set forth good wine. And when men have well drunk, then that which is worse, but thou hast kept the good wine until now. Hallelujah. Amen. Save the best for last. That's right. Let's bow our heads. Father, we thank you, Lord, for your message. We thank you, Lord, for the people tonight. Thank you for the believers, Lord, that are listening right now, Lord, in the archive. Lord, there's only one desire in my heart, Father, and that is to share your word. and the believers here will be blessed, Father, to see their position in you, Father, that in these last days, God choose us. Thank you, Lord. You chose us to stand against the ws of the devil. Lord Jesus, we thank you for for this opportunity. Father, we love you, Lord. We give you praise and glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Preaching is like an artist, right? So if if the artist before he draw, he have something in his mind. He had something that he created already in his mind. That's why I was preaching last time about the the the masterpiece. But then the prophet said, "You cannot draw a cow eating grass on the top of the tree." So, my heart's desire tonight is to show you the the the right uh drawing that you will see that oh I I I I was there and here is the big great family of God sitting in a heavenly places. Amen. So, that is my heart's desire to draw a picture in your mind that you will rejoice and you will praise God tonight. uh pray for me. I will be leaving tomorrow uh to Mexico. There will be a uh youth fellowship in Baja California. So I'll be back uh Sunday night. I will fly from San Diego to Phoenix. Um I have two videos to show and I can share this testimony. Uh brothers, are you ready? So this was in Pakistan last year. will find it that there will be a missing piece. The husband will mark her as a prostitute. I don't want to be marked as a prostitute. [Music] I want to be marked as a virtuous bride of Jesus Christ. Will find it that there will be dear brother From the bottom of our hearts, we are thankful to you and you in our midst, in our church, preach the word of God by which we received a lot of blessings and may God bless you and we would like to listen you again, sir. God bless you all. Brother Warren, this is Pastor Akmal giving you his heartfelt warm greetings. And this is all of the congregation. [Applause] God bless you, brother. God bless you. Hallelujah. God bless you so much. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Applause] Okay. So the testimony was from Lahour. We drove almost 3 hours to that place in Saruda. So, Sar Guda, it's a uh very close to a military base. And when I got there, they won't allow me because the military won't accept a foreigners to be there. Um, they thought I was a an Asian spy. So, so, so they put me, they put me to a house not far from Saruda. They put me to a house and I was preaching there in Zoom meetings because of that uh military base. So last week or last May they bombed that air base and thank the Lord there was no believers was damaged their churches or their houses or somebody killed. So God protected the believers and uh Lord willing, brother Zachary Wallace and me will fly back to uh Pakistan this coming October. So pray for me. This is my prayer that I will uh see them again. Um so uh we'll read the message. Uh I will start. I I I'm not really a good preacher. So, but uh right now uh your son is here, Brother John. Yes. So, you you say hi to brother Von Garvin over there. Amen. Um the the message said in 1963 he said then I wonder in this day if this loose lazy soft laudysian age that we live in we all know and have been uh through the a church ages that we're living in the last age the Laudysian church. Amen. Now he said, "What is the Laudysian church age?" And this is lazy, loose, happy golucky, joking, sinful age of lust that we're living in now. It's a wonder that God doesn't just say, "Step back church. I'll just liquidate the whole group." Amen. Amen. So because brother Barley, you should be preaching here. Amen. So you know the grace of God because of this this this precious believers in the last days. God is holding his wrath because of you and me because you can stand from that demon oppression. God gave you power to overcome. Amen. Another message 1956 the junction of time he said and if they have been through all these things when all the world history is climaxing in this great drama what's the matter what makes people so nervous why why is it even psychiatrist are coming to the to be prayed For why is it the world is in a nervous age, a neurotic age when people can't wait or ra to drive fast down the street 90 miles an hour. Stop at the beer to join two hours before they go home. run over people. My What's the matter? What's the matter? Sometimes we wake up early in the morning to go to to to to work, but then you check your your your your social media, who likes your post, who did something commented to your to your uh uh good words that you put and then you found out, oh, I'm late. So now you will drive 90 miles an hour. We're not drinking. We're talking to uh he was talking to us. That's right. But this is the age even the psychiatrist psychiatrist are looking for something need help. Who will help them except God will help them. You know they went to science. They were they were studying about the brain about the the about the the condition of humans but they cannot help themselves. Right, brother James? They cannot help themselves. They're longing for something. They're thirsty. They need a salt. Amen. Now the prophet said when when the battle fought over there in heaven there was a a hundreds of thousands of thousands of demon was kicked out and the purpose of that is to destroy you. Hundreds of thousands and thousands of demons. Millions of demons to destroy you. But the Bible said 10,000 will be in my right hand and 10,000 to another left hand. I still I still excel. I still stand up. Amen. Because God is with us. Amen. Amen. Now, so the the the the Bible said or the message said, "So the infinite God going to choose for his army the best." You know, if if if you have enemies of thousands of thousands of demons, God will give you the best weapon. God will give you the best uh uh garrison or how do you call that? Bomb. God will give you the best weapon to to to combat the enemy. Amen. Now, that best weapon never changed from the very beginning. It was the word of God. Amen. Because the Bible said he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Amen. The prophet said yes. Oh. Uh, the best equipment that that it could ever use and ever could use and would never have to be changed and he has never changed it since. You don't improve it. It remains the same all the time. Amen. It is God's word that the the proverb said, "And the name of the Lord is a strong tower. See, the name of the Lord, the word of the Lord is a strong tower and the righteous run into it. Now, if you need help, run to God. Don't don't don't conf figureure it out. Don't don't figure it out. Don't Don't go to Google to figure it out. One of the brother, this is his testimony. He had a belly ache for a week. You know what he did? He googled the s symptoms and he found out from Google that he has a cancer colon cancer. The brother was depressed for months. He was depressed because of that symptoms that he googled it. Don't Google. Amen. Don't go to chat GPT. I can use I I was amazed when when the brother showed me this chat GPT. I can preach from chat GPT. Maybe people will stand up and say amen because of chat GPT. But always remember it is artificial. That's right. It's not real. It's still artificial. That's like the prophet said the plant that you baby because it's there's no seed, it don't grow, you need to baby the plant. The Satan demons are united in purpose to destroy the bride. But the Bible said, "So at that day ye shall know that I am in my father and ye in me and I in you." Hallelujah. At that day, this day today is the day. That's right. That day is today that God and you become one. I cannot fight it by myself. I will run away. But I thank the Lord that he never leave me nor forsake me until the end of the world. Thank you, Lord. Now God is our strong tower. Now God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in time of troubles. If you put that in your in your cell phone and read it every day, the Lord is my tower. The Lord is my shield. The Lord is my sword. You will be an invincible army. Amen. I was reading this and I was thinking I read this many times but maybe I can share it a little bit to you. In Matthew 21-9, this worker, the 11th hour worker, God uh chapter 20 verse one, for the kingdom of heaven is likened unto man that is an householder. which went out early in the morning to hire laborers unto his vineyard. Remember the the work in the Middle East before is 6 to 6, 6:00 in the morning, it will end at 6:00 at night. So from from sunset to dawn or sunrise to to sunset and and when he had agreed with the laborers for a penny a day, he sent them into the vineyard. So this man, the worker, started at six o'clock and and he went out uh about the third hour, 9:00, and he saw others standing uh idle in the uh marketplace, and said unto them, go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right, I will give you. And they went their way. Again he went out about 6th and the 9th hour 12:00 and 3:00 and did likewise. And about 11th hour 5 in the afternoon he went out and found others standing idle and said unto them, why stand ye there all the day idle? So they say unto him, idol means lazy. Don't be lazy. You have God commissioned you. God commissioned us to tell this word. What idol? Why lazy? And now because no man hath hired us, he had unto them, "Go ye also into the vineyard, and whatsoever is right, that shall ye receive." Eight. So when evening was come, the Lord of the vineyard said unto his steward, Call deliverers, and give them their hire, beginning from the last unto the first. And when they came that were hired about the 11th hour, they received every man a penny. You know, think about Paul. He started this seven church s ages. He was the first one uh first messenger in the epistas. And then you see Columba, Martin, Luther and Wesley and in our day the shortest age, brother Barley, the shortest age. Then we we receive the same thing actually better than them because the prophet said, "Oh, I love this this quote." The prophet said, "This is the grandest of all ages." Amen. Not in the in the time of Paul, not in the time of Wesley, but this day. this day that God and man united. The prophet said, "Oh, it's this is the loudysian age is the grandest of all the church ages because it's the ending of time and the blending of eternity." And then it's the greatest sinful my sinful age. It's more sin in this age than there ever been. Amen. And the power of Satan is many times harder to fight against than it was any age. Why you're standing? Why you have time? Uh brother Steven said 30% of your brain are working right now. Why you spend time to come here to church? because she love God. I was talking brother Barley about this about the brother one time the the streaming uh the believers that stream this is not uh this is from the brother. He said he said the the the the streaming is like he he figure it out. He said the streaming is like a cooking show. You see it, you you you see the ingredients and everything, but you cannot smell it and you cannot eat it. But in front of the people, you can taste it, you can smell it, and you can see me, brother David. Hallelujah. My brother, the prophet said, "Oh, this is a very good uh message." He said, "Christ in the true church is the continuation of the book of Acts." Amen. But the book of revelation shows how that the antichrist spirit would come. The grandest the whole power of demon will come into the church form of godliness. the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. It exposes Satan, revealing his works, attempted destruction of God's people, and the discrediting of God's word, right down to the time he is cast into the lake of fire. He fights that he cannot stand it. He knows that if the people get that the the the uh the if the people get the true revelation of a true church and what she is, she stands for and she can do the greater works. See the power that's in the church. Amen. But she needs to recognize these two spirits. Now, brother, I can tell you you're my brother, but I can discern you in two minutes. So, better say something. Say something good. The prophet said, "You can discern a person if he has the Holy Ghost or not." In two minutes. Amen. She will be an invincible army. And they get a true revelation of the true spirit within the framework of the of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern and withstand the antichrist spirit. Satan will be powerless before her. Amen. He will be as uh uh definitely uh thwarted today as when Christ withtood his every effort to gain power over him in the desert. Amen. Yes, Satan hates revelation, but we love it. with true revelation in in our lives. The gates of hell cannot prevail against us but we will prevail over them. Hallelujah. See who said it. Who said it? Remember it was the Holy Ghost wrote draw the seven church ages. This is not Lee Whale's book. Amen. What is the true spirit? So the prophet guided us to see our position. What is this truth? Uh truth uh uh false spirits. In John 4 1-4, John said, "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God." See, they they they believe they're a message believers, but there's no power. Amen. I hate powerless Christian. Hereby know that the spirit of God, every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God. And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God. Did I read right? No. Okay, I will read it again. I think something wrong. Hereby know ye the spirit of God. Every spirit that confessth that Jesus Christ Yes. Good is come in the flesh is of God. See, there's something in me that it was wrong. Thank the Lord. Thank you, Lord. And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God. Right. And this is that spirit of antichrist that will come to church. My brother, ye are of God little children and you have overcome them because greater is he that is in you. That's this is the connected of connection of that two. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Amen. Amen. See that antichrist spirit. They will come. They will cry. They are emotional. This is the the brother told me when I was in Cancun. He said, "Brother, I will not going to mention the name of the church." He said, "Brother, I am confused." I said, "Why?" He said, "Brother, our church want us, energize us to go back to Pentecost." And and because of that, brother, I see sisters, brothers running at the aisle, running, dancing in the spirit. But I am confused. I said, "Why?" Because she said, "That sister that was running came to me and want to sleep with me. Is that the spirit of God? It's emotion. Be careful of your emotion. It must be tied with the word. I preach. I I love emotion, brother. I cried sometimes. I laughed sometimes. But I want to pattern myself to the word. Jude, another spirit. Jude 1 3-4 to 4 and 12. It said here, "Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and to exhort you, that ye should earnestly content for the faith, for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. For there are certain men cripped in awares who were before of old ordained to this condemnation. Ungodly men turning the grace of our God into laxiviousness and denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ. 12 There are spots in your feast of charity. When they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear, clouds, they are without water. carrier carried about of winds freeze whose fruits wathered weatherth without fruit twice dead plucked up by the roots raging waves of the sea foaming out their own shame wondering stars they are stars also brother but their lights are blinking Wave will pull them from pillar to post, from church to church, wandering stars, clouds without water, believer without power, but they will come and they will start hissing the voice of the serpent. Did you see the brother? He's weird. He's English. He's this. Did you see what he said? I think this church is false. Let's go to another church. See, they will come. They will creep inside the church and they will deliver a he of Satan. Amen. Yes, sir. Powerless church. My but the prophet said or the Bible said for all or for our gospel came not into the uh uh into you in word only. See this is this is a package deal my brothers and sisters a package deal. You know the deal is you have the word, you have the power and the Bible said the sign, these signs will follow you. Amen. And not only that, he said there are three signs that will follow. The signs and wonders will follow you. Second, he said, David said in in Psalms 23, he said, "Goodness and mercy, hallelujah, shall follow me all the days of my life." That's right. See, brothers, I'm walking alone, but signs and wonders following me, and goodness and mercy shall follow you all the days of your life. Thank you Jesus. The word even our in our mouth. Amen. Now once you discern the two spirits here in the church now you will be an invincible army. I was thinking of this. You know what? What is our title again? Save the best for last. This is the blending of time or blending. What is that again? And and uh uh entering where's my I will illustrate something. I love to illustrate. Let's go to John chapter five. First John or no, Revelation 5. Sorry. I hope 30 minutes more. I can still get it. So the Bible said, I want you to see your position. This is good. Okay, I want you, brother Bryant, to sit here. Amen. So, save the best for last. I want to see you, your position, who you are, where you came from, and where you going. We came from from from from uh what do you call that? We we I didn't came from the Philippines, brother. My very beginning is not in the Philippines. So in in Revelation chapter 119, God told John, John, everything that you see, everything the from the very beginning to the future, I want you to write everything because it's it is a very important to the church. Okay. Yes, Lord. I'm ready. I'm ready to write. So when God showed the scorpion to John, he wrote he wrote a scorpion. Scorpion. Um, what else, Lord? Ox. Ox. Man, lots of animals. Eagle. My dragon. Dragon. But then the word is getting deeper and deeper, deeper and deeper. And God showed it to him. He said, "I want you to write um in in Revelation chapter 13 13." What is Revelation 13:13? This one is good. So I need to write this but in symbol form. So he wrote Revelation 1313 and this powerful image can can bring fire from heaven and and destroy the earth. So he wrote the fire and the the the I think what kind of skyab or what? So but then in our days, America is the number one producer of drones. Now the drone can go drop a bomb to somewhere in Asia, Africa or Russia. They are the number one producers of drones. They are little. So the Americans one day he dropped the bomb to Sulmani the general of of uh what do you call that Iran and they found where I we didn't see anything from the from the from the from the sky or from the radar but she can drop a fire from heaven and then uh he saw uh in revelation 11 there was a two olive trees that was cut off. But then the whole nation saw what they did to the to the you know to the to the uh two prophets and then according to John he saw CNN and Fox News. So CNN, Fox News who who will say all nations will see the two prophets, right? Because there was a there's a Fox News and CNN and there's a Facebook live and Instagram live and all nations and tongues will see that news. My, it's getting deeper and deeper. But then here was in in John or in Revelation chapter 5. There was a book in the hand of the original owner. Yes, sir. But this book, oh, I love the the illustration of brother Chad, brother. That book, I cannot even look to that book. I cannot even see. I I don't want to see it. It's precious. It's sacred. Right. And then there was uh Revelation chapter 5. Uh can you uh pull that so that I can illustrate? My Bible right now is in the hand of the original owner. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on that backside sealed with seven seals. So it's continue brother. So now it's sealed. No one can open it. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open that book and to loose the seals thereof? No one. No man in heaven, nor in earth, neither in in the in the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. Sacred. And I weep much because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. No one is worthy to open, to read, or to look. But then wait, there was a voice. And one of the elders said unto me, "We not behold lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David had prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof." So now John know that he wrote a lion. He said, "Yes, I I I put lion here." But then and behold in the midst of the throne and the the four beasts in the midst of the elders stood a lamb. He said it can't be. I know the lamb and the lion. Lamb is different from the lion. Lamb is a meek, worthless animal that if he's lost, he cannot go back. But the lion is the king of the jungle. But he he can't be right. having seven horns and seven eyes, which the seventh spirit of God sent for forth into the earth. And he came and took that book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. So this this lamb that was slain when when he was lain before the foundation of the world. What is the book? It's the lamp's book of life. The title did the book of the redemption. You can say a lots of things to this book. But why John was crying? Brother uh Bryant, why he was crying? Because the prophet said if he won't if he will not see his name in the book maybe he will lost or maybe he will like a a vapor that will vanish. So he it's very important to John to see his name in the book. Amen. Now when the lamb you know in the the pattern of the heaven Moses built the temple and to go to the holy of holies you cannot enter without a blood. That's why the bloody lamb came entered and opened the book and when he found his name he was rejoicing he was singing. Amen. Now my question is before I come here before Philippines where is I where am I? Where are we? We came from the throne of God. Our names is in the throne of God. That's why the Bible said if we overcome we God will grant us to sit in his throne because from the very beginning we came from the throne. So now if Satan will come to you and tell you the lies that you're not saved, you tell him that I came from the throne because John was the type of Jesus Christ. Amen, brother Bryant. Okay. Thank you so much. That's it. Okay. It's okay. It's hot in here. Okay. So, save the best for last. So, now why we're the best? Because God opened this to us. Amen. God did not open this to Luther. Luther was a messenger but he was smoking. He was cursing. But when the perfect is come, it will come to it people. Amen. It will come to the spotless bride of Jesus Christ. So now I'm not done with Revelation. I like this. So remember the two spirits in the church. Revelation chapter 6 that was the the four horse riders. Now the white horse when when the white horse came they came with Bible. I will bless you my son. Okay. Give me your money. So they came with the word of God and that was the biggest deception. But then I said the the Bible said and God he's always the winner. That's why I was asking you if we can sing that oldtime undisputed undefeated champion of all. Now brothers, but then God raised another uh huh uh something that lion to combat that evil spirit that cripped inside a church. Now the the boldness of the lion he will fight brother he wants to be the king. No one can stand before him. That's why the the when Paul was preaching, he was preaching in in Galatians 1:8. If any even an angel will come down and preach another gospel, that angel must be accured because the word that we preach, this word come from the throne. Then the persecution. But then God combated that with an ox anointing. Brother, the the the Christians, 68 million Christians, they don't you don't even run after them. They will come to you because they were anointed to die for Christ. It will not going to happen to us, brothers and sisters. But God wants your time. God wants your your your obligation. What is our obligation to our family? Stop. Look and listen. Stop. Think about the word. Look and listen to the word. But then Satan, as I said while ago, hundreds and millions of demons, God uni uh Satan united his troops to destroy this message. But God raised an anointing eagle that the eagle can fly. The eagle can see, the eagle can save his co- eagle or not co-eagle. What do you call that? Another eagles that needs help. They will come and fly and drop a meat. Brother, you're not a baby. I will send you meat. Eagle don't drink milk. That's right. Eagle loves chicken. That's why most of the young people love canes. They love chicken brothers. What is that? The canes. See the anointing? The pale horse. the the black the white horse, the black horse, and the red horse. Famine, death. But God raised an eagle anointing to combat Satan. And Satan cannot be, you know, he cannot stand with eagles. His tricks are exposed. If the two spirits, if we see and discern the two spirits in the church, you will be an invincible army. Amen. I ask for a glass. Brother Steven gave me a flower vase. So I will illustrate this to you. Many preachers, brother Barley, brother Ron, many preachers preach this, but I want to show it to you to see what kind of power do you have. You know what kind is it? A it is a a a power that uh you know it it expired. So you know the prophet said God gave us that that that God wants to church the threefold purpose of God right where's the chair oh okay this is the threefold purpose of God this is God no um illustration I will put this as an illustration. God as a powerful God created heaven and earth to show uh uh he before the foundation of the world he had he have a bride in uh in his mind that he wants to manifest himself. He don't want to sit in the throne and and dictate you what to do or I will put a a a what do you call that on and up on your back that is a switch that if he's sad he will turn it on and you will sing brother David no he wants you God gave us a free moral agency to choose the right that's why God gave us a h a uh nine fruits of the spirits. It will manifest. It will come out from us. If you are the seed of God, it will it will bear fruit. The powerful God, the omnipotent, the omniscient, the Jehovah, he poured out. I will hold this flower vase. He poured out all of his power to Jesus Christ. All of his power. All. If I say all. All. No drops. And uh and Jesus Christ poured out his power into his church. Amen. into his bride. It's all I will not going to waste the power. I think the flower vase has a soap, brother. So where where is the power now? Where is the power now? All that God washed, he poured out. Poured it into Jesus Christ. And all the power of Jesus Christ, he poured it into his bride. Hallelujah. Where is the power now? It's in the bride. Glory. [Music] Brother Ted Busedley one time told me he said when he was an evangelist of brother Perry Green, he said he always say, "Can you say amen? Can you say amen?" And brother Perry Green was waiting after the church was waiting of him outside and said, "Brother Ted, how many times you said can you say amen? I said, "I I don't know." He said, "I counted it. It's six 60 times." So he said, "If you direct that message to the people, that was a good message." But you were like using Can you say amen? You wasted a precious time. So that's why I don't really say amen. Sometimes I say Gloria DS. It's almost finished. I will close this. You know the prophet said the finger of God, the finger of God can cast out Satan. And he said when he used his finger, it was 10 flags in Egypt, Egypt was destroyed because of the finger of God. Amen. But then when God was looking for his son, he said never use his finger. Instead, he looked for his lost sheep. And what did he do brothers and sisters? He carried the ship. And where what what part of the body of the person is the strongest? It's the shoulder and the legs. When he carried the sheep, the lost sheep, he put it in his legs and carried in his shoulder. See, you are precious in the sight of God. My brothers and sisters, don't you ever think that you're lost. Don't you ever think that you are defeated. You are the most powerful, precious bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He used his shoulder to carry you. Not his finger. Think about it. Think about it. He used his shoulder. He was an engineer. You know when Oh, I jumped. Sorry. When when when this literate what I can say more crazy no name in the society rejected destroyed by his family divorced with his wife the the children even don't want the children his name because they called him the crazy man from Gdara. But when he cried out unto God, God left his throne to come down and rescued him. What did he do? He put him in his shoulder. He was the lost sheep. See my precious brothers, sisters, our battle is not by flesh and blood. Our battle is a neurotic age. Our mind battle that people are killing themselves, even message believers because you know why? They don't get fed. They're confused. But I thank God for the five-fold ministry. Amen. That we come and deliver the message come from the Lord. Thank you, Lord. That we tell you that you are precious in his sight. That you are fearfully, wonderfully made of God. Don't waste your time. Come serve him while there's time. You see the the the the signs already. You see that the the the the uh priest or the pope comes from America 1954 brother Ron but I believe that this message is a powerful message come from the throne. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um 55 the prophet said what is your position now? You know we read in the book of revelation. But here is in the book of revelation 20110 the position of Satan and and the bride. Why God saved her for the best for last? Why God saved her? Choose her. You know, if if you go to the Navy Seals, Brother Amos was talking about the seals last time. If you go to this uh they call this uh uh um you go to San Diego and uh you will, you know, the the generals will test you. The master sergeant was will test you how far can you go and hundreds sometimes after a week it reduced to 50 after two weeks it reduced to 13 after a few weeks it reduced to three. The Bible said or the song said fear not little flock. It's not a big flock. It's a little flock. that you can even see little little there are little group of people. But then the end of Satan and the end of the bride, it said here in Revelation chapter 20110, the end of Satan and the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone where the beast and the false prophets, see the two spirits are there, the false prophets are and shall be tormented day and night forever and ever. That's the end of Satan. Now, what is the end of the bride? The end of the bride is Revelation 19:7 to8. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready. Amen. And to hear was granted unto her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, for the fine linen is the righteousness of the saints. Amen. Now, Revelation 21:2, "And I, John, saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband." See your end. It's a It's a marriage suffer. Amen. No, not wedding supper. See the marriage is here. The marriage, the ministers and are introducing you. The prophet are introducing you to him. That is the end of you. Now to the coward and to the fearful, you will not going to see them here. I'm expecting still that there's some of us will going to run away but I pray that all of us here will still be there or you will be there because you know why because God said I save you for the last. You are perfect in my sight. You are spotless in my sight. Let's stand up. as uh the musician comes. Can we sing that? Und undisputed. We'll try. Can Can we do that, Sister Anne? Can we we'll do the chorus then? Chorus. I was listening to a looking for a song for this and I didn't even warn the believers or the musicians, but we'll do the chorus. Help me brother. Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I want to introduce to [Music] you in this corner. The good and the right stands a champion bro. His high exceeds the heavens. His weight outweigh the world. His reach out reaches everyone. His angels ever more. He is higher than the highest. He's gater than the grace. No one could ever take his crown away. You're mightier than mightiest. He raised from above. The all time undisputed undefeated champion of love. He left his hometown to enter this arena to raise his hands in victory for us. An angry crowd cried, "Crucify this king who bore their crown." And they gladly watch the champion go down. That was Satan. But I will never count him out. For I'm a witness of the day he arose to retain his title champion of love. He is higher than the highest. Gater than the great. No one will ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. [Music] Father, Satan thought that you're dead. You were crucified. You are eliminated. But he did not know. By your death, by your by the cross, you raised us up. And you came to us. The sinners became the saints. You became us. Thank you, Lord. And we became you. If Satan thought he will escape the cross, but you are undefeated, undisputed champion of all and in your side, the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now we became undefeated, undisputed because of your blood that runs in our veins. We love you tonight, Father. May this little message can come to the hearts of the believers tonight and will grow and grow and grow. Yes. That we will come and we will offer praise to you, Father. We love you. We praise you. We worship you. We give you honor. Thank you so much for saving us in these last days that in this darkest age we are shining. Thank you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Bless you. Amen. [Music] highest. He is greater than the great. No one can ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. love. He's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love. He is higher than the highest. He is greater than the great. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. [Music] [Applause] [Music] all time, undefeated, undisputed. Glory. Hallelujah. I love him tonight. Don't you? God bless you. Brother Burley is here and I thought I'd just take a moment. We all know Brother Burley. Love him. And he and he came in late. And uh so I'd like him to just greet you. Why don't you just sit down for just a minute? We're going to close in a I'm going to have him close in a word of prayer, but have brother Burley come up here. Brother Burley, tell us how things are going. Good. God bless you, brother. Come on up here. God bless you. Bless you. It's good to be here. Amen. Kind of on a little getaway, vacation a little bit. Actually, I've been here since Monday, brother. And you didn't let me know. I sure did. Everything was playing. I come in late. My brother Robert knew. Yeah. Okay. Well, brother Robert McGary. He knew. I told him. I said, "Don't you tell better brother Ron I'm coming up here." I said, "I don't I'm going to Well, we I'm going up to Flag. Uh but I just wanted to get away for a moment and uh I enjoyed the word. Amen. Amen. Appreciate our brother pouring out his heart. It's just wonderful. Amen. You know, we find ourselves in the word of God. I like what brother Brandon said. You'll find yourself in the Bible. Find characters that when you're going through something. Amen. And however they come out, you can come out the same way. That's right. Thank you, Lord. And uh we've been through a lot lately, the last two months, and I found myself in the Bible. Amen. Amen. And uh I found myself in the book of Judges. Amen. Not the whole book of Judges. And I found myself when Samson in Judges 15, I believe it is. You remember when Samson beat the Philistines? Yeah. And uh he did it with a new jawbone. Amen. But after he beat him, he said, "Now I thirst." And he said, "Lord, I thirst." He said, "Now if you don't give me pretty much you don't give me something." He said, "He's uncircumcised going to come take advantage of me." What did God do? The very weapon he used, he gave him a drink from it. I found myself there. I said, "Lord, you know I'm thirsty, broken, sir. Heartavy, mentally stressed, been fighting." I said now, "Lord, I took your word. People being set free, people being delivered." I said, "No, about me." I said, "Now, Lord, I need something." So, what did he do? the very jawbone, the weapon that he used, he gave him a drink from it. Thank you, Lord. So, the very word I've been using to help people, deliver people, I said, "God, I gotta drink from it." Amen. And he gave me a drink tonight. Thank you, Lord. I appreciate the brother pouring out his heart. And so, I just slipped in and want to hear the word of God. And I enjoyed it. I'm so thankful. But Brandon said, he said, "There's no demon out of hell can defeat the purpose of God." That's right. That's so real to me. He said, "No demon out of hell can defeat the purpose of God." That's right. Then the Bible tells us, "All that love the Lord, we are called by, chosen by, but we're called for whose purpose?" His purpose. Amen. So if I love the Lord, all things works to good for together for the good for them that love him and are called for his purpose. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. So we God's purpose. Amen. If I'm here for God's purpose, there's not a demon out of hell. That's right. Can interfere what God is going to do in my life and is doing in my life. So we so thankful and uh I just really enjoyed the word. Saved the best for last. That's right. Satan done emptied out of hell been emptied out. And God done emptied out everything for you and me. All you got to do is just take hold of it. Is that right? That's right. I was just listening to the brother in the church a book. He said, "When the truth when you get revelation," I love that quote. Come on. He said, "But true revelation not in your head." That's right. It's in your life. Amen. You become that invincible army. When God reveals something to you, there's not a devil out of hell can take it from you. Thank you, Lord. So, we're rejoice in these things. Amen. So, I I drank tonight. I feel good. And we just pressing on and uh sorry, brother Ron, but I did sneak in on you. Praise the Lord. But I said I'mma sneak in on him. But that'll be disrespectful if I didn't go to church. Amen. I said I'm going to go to church. I'm gonna be late. I planned it all out and it worked perfectly. Amen. So, we thank God. I appreciate brother Ron. Matter of fact, what it call? I called you about three weeks ago, I believe it was. I called him about three weeks ago. You know, I hardly ever listen to preaching online and so forth. I mostly just listen to Brother Brandon, but every now and then, uh, I I'll just listen to something. And then brother Ron popped up when he was preaching about the pope that really and it was a good mess. I just called and said, "Brother, let me give you a rose now. Praise the Lord. Let me give you a rose now because we we we feast and we feed for one another." Yes, we do. You know what I believe with all of my heart? If ministers would just appreciate one another, Amen. for exactly who they are. Amen. We can do more help to the body of Christ I can't preach like him. He can't preach like me. But when we can respect one another exactly the way God made us, it'll be a whole lot better place, wouldn't it? Can we say praise the Lordise? Because this is the work of the Lord. It's not the work of man. It's the work of the Lord. I believe it. And I believe audit and I believe as well with everything falling in place now it gonna come to a place we ain't gonna have time to debate with each other about quotes and stuff like this. We going to realize no it's time to come together cuz we need to get up out of here is that right? I just thank God for his grace and mercy. I'm extremely tired in my body but not in my spirit. I can promise you that we always ready and prepared for battle because when this when the enemy come in like a flood, the spirit of God are raising a standard against what he was actually preaching as well. Praise the Lord about them anointings that are coming. But I believe we up on that eagle anointing. Amen. We can fly above all of these things. Can we say praise the Lord? Praise the Lord. Where the brother when the brother was talking about the eagle. Uh I get excited when you talk about eagles. When an eagle is in a war, whatever is fighting, if you're dealing with something on the ground to try to come to it, baby, a eagle position itself so that the sun behind you. Hallelujah. It position itself to make sure the sun is behind him and whatever is fighting the sun shine in his eye. Amen. So it can't see him. I just want to be positioned in the word. Keep Christ before me. Amen. And just keep my heart, my mind, my conscience pure. Cuz I tell you friends, we are not losers, right? We are winners. Amen. I don't care how much you feel about yourself, you need to look towards Calvary cuz God does not have a defeated bride. We're not a defeated people. We more than conquerors. Can we say amen? Thank you, Jesus. I pray for Ron, could I start preaching? Let's just let's just bow our hearts. Father, we so thank you for the word. It's good to be here to be refreshed. Yes, Lord. Just by hearing the prayer word, Lord God, how it strengthens us. I didn't look for no kind of entertainment. I didn't look for something to watch on the YouTube to try to strengthen me and encourage me. No activity, nothing like that. But I look into you. Yes. I look into your word because I know with everything you do, whatever you going to do, you're going to do it in your word. So, Father, I thank you for giving me a drink from the weapon, the word of God. And so, our brother was saying, Lord, this weapon you given us, like the prophet said, you gave your children, you fortified them by the best thing that you can give them. You fortified them by your word. And oh God, that word that you gave them is the same word we have today. This weapon don't have to be upgraded. This weapon don't have to be changed. This weapon is real. The original Oh God, we have the same word that you used even yourself when you faced the enemy. When all the believers of old faced the enemy, Paul, all they use this very same word. Amen. Amen. But the thing of it is in this day, Lord, you brought a restoration of the word. And we're so thankful for that. And Lord, I pray that we would leave the church tonight just energized. And I thank you for this. Let me be here to be into thy presence. So, Father, we give you the glory and honor in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. God bless you. God bless you, brother. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together and go bless you, brother. Amen. We forgive brother Burley. He came in in secret but revealed openly. Amen. I'm glad he had respect to the house of God. How could you go somewhere when they're having church sit? There just something inside you. that you go and you become a part of it and put your feet down. And brother Burley, we love you. Appreciate you. May the Lord bless your ministry up north as you go up there. Amen. Enjoyed the word tonight. Saving the best for last. Why did God send this prophet with this message? Because he saved the best. the revealing of the full word of God. All the mysteries, no more guessing, no more probing. He saved the best for last. Isn't that lovely? Thank you, Lord. Amen. He is higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one can ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the highest. He reigns from above. He's the all time undisputed undefeated champion of love. One more time. He is higher than the highest, greater than the great. No one will ever take his ground away. He's more mighty than the mightest he from. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of God bless you. You are dismissed in the name of the Lord. [Music]
