################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-30 - The Throne Of God P5 The Most Holy Place P3 - The Veil of Covering - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-30
Title:    The Throne Of God P5 | The Most Holy Place P3 - The Veil of Covering
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Sermon Clip
Duration: 1h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5zSWw6Sf10
========================================

Description:
In this third installment focusing on the Most Holy Place, we examine the Veil of the Covering—the heavy, embroidered tapestry that separated the Holy Place from the Most Holy Place. While this veil was once a barrier of protection between a Holy God and a sinful people, its removal is the central mystery of Christ’s mission.

Key Highlights in This Teaching:
The Dimensional Divide: A look at how the veil represents the separation between the 6th dimension (the realm of angels and saints) and the 7th dimension (the realm of the Word and God Himself).

The Secret Place within the Soul: In the tabernacle of man, the veil serves as the divider between the spirit (mind, reasoning, emotions) and the soul (the nature and the gene seed of God).

Self-Will as the Veil: The prophet reveals that the true veil in our lives today is self-will. It is the barrier that prevents the Shekinah glory in our souls from filling our entire spirit and body.

The Rending of the Veil: Why God tore the veil from top to bottom at Calvary, signaling that the way is now open for "whosoever will" to enter into full fellowship with Him.

The Mystery of Christ: How Jesus lived as a man without a veil of self-will, allowing the glory of the Father to perfectly fill His spirit and manifest through His flesh.

Diagrams for Spiritual Understanding:
To grasp the structure of the Tabernacle and its relation to the human soul, consider these three structural relationships:

The Tabernacle Building: One structure divided into two rooms by a thick, impenetrable fabric.

The Heavens: The 6th and 7th dimensions, which were once one and are being reunited through the revealed Word.

The Believer: The spirit and the soul, intended to be one court of Shekinah glory, but often separated by the "veil" of our own decisions and desires.

Video Timestamps:
0:00 – Greeting and Series Introduction
0:35 – Scripture Reading: Exodus 26:31-33 (The Blueprint of the Veil)
3:50 – Structural Analysis: Two Rooms Created from O...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Good morning, saints, and I greet you all in the precious name of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. It's wonderful to be sharing the word of the Lord with you once again. So, we're dealing with the throne of God, part five. Uh that's our series and we're dealing with the most holy place and this is part three. And today we're going to look at the veil of the covering. We'll start our scripture reading from Exodus 26 and verse 31-33. And thou shalt make a veil of blue and purple and scarlet and fine twine linen of cunning work with cherubams shall it be made. And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of chhatim wood overlaid with gold. Their hooks shall be of gold upon the four sockets of silver. And thou shalt hang up the veil under the tashes, that thou mayest bring in thither within the veil the ark of the testimony, and the veil shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy. The veil shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy. The Lord added blessing to his word. So today we look at the veil that separated the inner court from the most holy place taken from this scripture. That's the most amazing clue about this veil that we find here in the scripture. So this veil that separates the inner court from the most holy place or as you can see as the Bible said the holy place which is the inner court and the most holy which is the most holy place. So this veil is also known as the veil of the covering in the Bible and as brother Brandham called it the inner veil. So what was the veil? What was its purpose? Why was it necessary? How did it come to be? These are the questions we must an answer among many others. So just for your information, especially for the young people of the modern generation, in the Bible, they used the old spelling V A I L. But today, it is spelled V E I L. Today, those two words have different meanings. But in the time of the old English, they were the same. Today, veil spelled with an a is seen as an oldenday verb which means to be or to lower one's hat or crown or or crown in respect of a dignitary or some royalty or it simply means to submit to authority. Veil V E I L on the other hand is the modernday spelling that means a covering or fabric or a membrane in biology. So just remember that when you read the Bible uh don't be confused when you read in the Old Testament and you see the spelling as V A I L. Just remember it is the same uh as the same meaning as V E I L that we use today. Okay. So I want to begin by uh looking at a diagram. Obviously we if we're um in church in front of a whiteboard or or blackboard I could be drawing this diagram for you. So I provided a drawing on or a diagram in the notes and um so please follow that. So there are three diagrams. The first one is u I want to show the dividing between the holy place and the most holy. That's very simple diagram without the furniture of the tabernacle. So it's if you look at the first diagram, it is um the outer rectangle or the outer court. And then you see I've got in thick black another rectangle within which is one building. And you'll see the veil of the covering separates two rooms. The veil of the covering creates two rooms out of this one building. Okay? So, so you have the most holy place and the inner court, but those two rooms are created by this veil of the covering. So, focus on the most holy place and the inner court. Notice that these two places are structurally of the same makeup. What am I saying? Do you notice something interesting? The most holy place and the inner court are basically one building. They are just separated by the veil. So in fact without the veil there would be no most holy. it would be one big holy place or one big inner court. Right? So bear this in mind because this is very important for us to notice in the um later part of this teaching. Now I want you to use the same diagram and focus on the same um building but let's look at this as if it is the tabernacle of heaven right so let's assume well taking from the scriptures heaven is my throne earth is my foottool so throne meaning inner court and earth meaning out court right let's just take it in that um example now we know in terms of dimensions earth is uh dimensions 1 2 and three and heaven is um dimensions six and seven so I've got there in the diagram um the inner court there is made up of dimensions six and seven and you see a veil of the covering separating the sixth dimension and the seventh dimension now remember these are just symbolic diagrams but I want to explain something Here when you study the dimensions we see that heaven is comprised of the sixth and the seventh dimension. Those of you who don't know brother Brandham said seventh dimension is the word is God. The seventh dimension heaven consists of the word. They are both heaven. Seventh dimension and sixth dimension are both heaven. But something divides it in the realm of angels and the realm of the word of God itself. something divides makes a division between God himself or the word the dimension of the word and the dimension of angels and the dead in Christ or the saints. So remember the prophet's vision of beyond the curtain of time when he met all the saints he asked to see Jesus and what did they say to him they said you cannot he is a little higher I explained this before this doesn't mean there's a a you know a higher story or a second story in heaven like like a house what do they mean by a little higher now obviously um for those people who think connally and think that heaven is off in the universe somewhere. It's uh in the stars, literally in the stars. Uh once you get out into the universe and if you go out into the galaxies, you can't say a thing like a little higher because there is no up or down in the universe. Do you do you understand that there is no up or down? You cannot tell which is up which is down. So that statement would not make sense in a literal or carnal context. So when when they say he's a little higher, they're referring to uh spiritually uh in terms of um a more godlike dimension, a more uh um a holier dimension. Right? So if we could describe it in that way, of course I would I would use it use different descriptive words to to to make that known or to explain that. But in terms of you know when when the prophet speaks of the dimensions he speaks of uh starting at earth at at dimension 1 2 and three and he said as you go up you've got the sixth dimension and the seventh dimension and he explains that and he said from there going from now from earth going down you've got the fifth dimension which is divided into three and you know and so forth a region of the the lost region of uh devils and then Satan himself. So he talks about going up and going down. Obviously not physically but he was referring to spirituality. So if you have to go higher in terms of holiness in terms of um the the nature the divine nature you're going to end at the seventh dimension which is the highest existence of divine nature. So going downwards would mean opposite to holiness that would mean going downward seeping deeper into sinful nature and that would be uh regions of the lost regions of demons and then Satan himself the father of all lies. All right. So just explaining that uh the dimensions. So remember the prophet's vision of of beyond the curtain of time. So there was an existence when these two dimensions were actually one dimension. So what I'm saying is there was a there was an existence where seventh and sixth dimension were one dimension. So they were not sixth and seventh. Right? This was before the earth was um u uh refurbished. So we had this sixth uh we had this dimension where God dwelt freely or existed freely amongst the angels. But the separation came when some of the angels were deceived by Lucifer, right? And that's when that existence changed and God began to make man. angels lost their original place and became just messengers and not um the race that God existed with. So what we see here is that at one time those two dimensions were actually one and the veil brought a separation right for a purpose. The veil brought a separation. Right? Now let's go to the tabernacle of man. Let's look at the same diagram and look at the tabernacle of man. Now you know outwardly we are body moving inward we are spirit and then the very deepest part of us is the soul. Now looking at it the same way what we'll notice is that the spirit and soul are basically one building. Well it should be. So you know brother Vanom says that the soul is the nature of the spirit right now if you think carefully about it soul and spirit are actually both spirit world they're both conceive spiritual things so the makeup is similar to Moses tabernacle one large room or spiritual dimension but then divided by a veil taken from our scripture, the veil shall divide unto you the most holy and the holy place. So, um, one large room, if we could put it that way, or dimension, divided by a veil to create a secret place. That's what that veil essentially did. It created a secret place within the spiritual dimension. So, but what if that veil were to be taken away today? That's the beautiful thing that we need to look at in this teaching. What if that veil across the soul was taken away? Then the glory of the Lord would fill the entire spirit realm and it would not be hidden but felt by the believer. See, right now, let me let me put it to you plainly. Right now, you you under the third pole ministry. You are receiving the word. The word in revelation in the soul realm. But because a veil still exists, a separation between soul and spirit still exists. It is not always felt that the shakina glory fills your spirit. Now remember part of your spirit is your mind. So we know that in this life our mind and our soul is constantly at war with each other. Right? We know that from greatest battle ever fought. But if there was no veil, even our minds would be filled with the shakina glory of God. The the glory would fill uh the entire inner tabernacle, the the entire inner court and would be felt even out into the body realm. Right? So let's let's use that as an introduction and let's go to uh a few scriptures in in the book of Exodus chapter 40 and one in Numbers 4 and let's look at this veil of the covering. Exodus 40:3. And thou shalt put therein the ark of the testimony and cover the ark with the veil. Okay, cover the ark with the veil. Uh verse 21. And he brought the ark into the tabernacle and set up the veil of the covering and covered the ark of the testimony as the Lord commanded Moses. Numbers 4:5 and when the camp setth forward when that means when the people begin to move, Aaron shall come and his sons and they shall take down the covering veil and cover the ark of testimony with it. All right. So here is another purpose for the veil. Besides being a separation between two or separation in the inner court to create a secret place, here's another purpose for the veil. It was meant to cover the ark of the testimony or the throne of God to protect those on the outside from certain death. All right? So let's bear this in mind. This the purpose of this veil is not to protect the inside. It's to protect the outside. You know a lot of people don't realize that because if that outside is exposed to the shikina glory that outside being not sanctified being not uh completely perfect could be destroyed by this shakina glory. So when the ark was in transit that means the people of Israel picked up from wherever they were in the wilderness and began to move further now in their journey. Uh while the tabernacle was being set up or taken down, the veil of badger skins and blue and purple had to cover the ark for the protection of the people. The veil was made heavy and difficult to put up and take down. It took several men to put that veil up and to take it down. Was heavy thick veil. It symbolized now we need to see this this symbol. It symbolized how strong the covering, how strong the veil had to be and how significant that division had to be. This wasn't some flimsy drywall that you stuck between or inside this inner court. This was a heavy thick veil. And you know with with some of the things that we have today, some fabrics, uh things could penetrate through there. light could penetrate through some of the the fabrics and things we have. Not so with this veil. This veil was a thick impenetrable material made of uh of bad skins and um painted with scarlet and purple and embroidered with cherubams in there, right? But being heavy and difficult to put up and take down, it was a strong division, a and a strong covering for the ark. But this was not meant to be a permanent thing. God did not always want to be so distanced from his people. Remember, God's original desire was to be to exist with his people. So the only reason for this veil was to protect the people because they were not ready for his existence with them. Right? So as time went on, the Israelites became complacent in this religion uh that came through Moses and that veil became something that protected them from God. And they were satisfied with this arrangement. Very satisfied. It showed when they refused to hear God speak from the mountain because he was too frightening. So they asked Moses to bring the word of God to them instead of God speaking directly to them. Now remember, brother Baram says that was the biggest problem. That was their biggest mistake. But when Moses went into the presence of God, the glory of God filled Moses' being and Moses' face began to shine with the glory of God. And then he came out to speak to the people and the people were afraid again. And then they made him put a veil now over his face uh to veil that glory away from him from them. So you see even again when a man comes out and he becomes the presence of God speaking to the people they don't want to behold that glory. So they veil the man's face. So Moses had to wear a veil when he came out from the presence of God to speak the word. The problem began that as long as that veil was still there, now this is biblical, the believer could get no closer than the inner court. Now, we could feel sheltered and even free having this convenience of God being veiled away from us. We could feel sheltered, even free to live life as we please, knowing that we are safe. We are safe as long as God remains separate in his existence in his most holy place. This kind of lifestyle led man into sinfulness and unrighteousness because obviously man was not meant to live or exist separate from God. God's desire was to exist with man. So when you leave man separated from the existence of God from existing with God then sin and unrighteousness eventually comes in. Now that veil simply had to be done away with. Amen. So I want us to have a look at what the purpose of Christ's coming was the first coming. All right there. Now, we can preach the the purpose of the coming of Christ for many different reasons. A lot of people do not realize this reason. Mark 15:37. And Jesus cried with a loud voice and gave up the ghost. So, obviously this is Calvary. He's he has just died. Cried with a loud voice, gave up the ghost. Verse 38. And the veil of the temple was rent in twain. That mean it was torn in two pieces from top to from the from the top to the bottom. Verse 39. And when the centurion which stood over against him, the centurion the Roman centurion who stood next to Christ saw that he so cried out that means in throws of death and that he gave up the ghost that means he died. And the centurion said, "Truly, this man was the son of God." Amen. Now, Christ's mystery purpose was to remove that veil that separated God from his people. Amen. We got to see the saints. If the people weren't going to be able to do it themselves, that is to remove the veil between them and God. If a man was not able to remove the veil between his soul and his spirit, God had to become man to do it for man. It was God who desired it. Saints, he did it through Christ because no one else was able to do it. People were unable and afraid till they absolutely felt they were not permitted to be any closer to God. Notice something that the centurion was able to speak by revelation that he truly was the son of God only after the veil was rent in the temple. Did you notice that? Even though he didn't know the veil was rent in the temple, but at the moment or after the veil was rent, that's the time revelation poured out. And and this man was able to speak with that revelation and and be assured in his soul that this was the son of God truly. He said the prophet tells us that it was done by God. Tearing the veil was done by God. It was not man who did it. There could have been some historians who came in there and said, "Well, a man did this." But brother Ram explains why it could not be a man. Paragraph 58 of the message. How can I overcome? Brother Ram says, "Now that was the law. The law ended right there because the veil kept the congregation from the holy articles of God. Only an anointed priest went in there and that and that once a year, remember now God with his own hand, notice from the top to the bottom, not from the bottom to the top." Now that's a scripture we read, right? It's some 40 ft high. Notice now, not from the bottom to the top, but from the top to the bottom showed it was done by God. Now, for those of you who studied the scripture and know what Solomon Solomon's temple was like and how high that veil was, it was impossible for a man to get up there. And why even at this time when the Pharisees and Sadducees would have wanted to preserve the temple to prove uh that they were right and that Christ was wrong, why would they rent the veil? And we know from history renting the veil showed that there was actually no ark of the covenant behind that veil. that they were they were living a lie because the ark had been missing during the captivity. Uh so the the presence of the lord had gone out and we all know that story. It was it was the the word ikabod that the presence of god is departed. So notice what he says here. Rent the veil in two. Then anyone whosoever will may come and partake of his holiness. So the prophet saying that rending the veil was giving access. There was no more partition filling the glory filling the entire inner court which gave access to the believer to come in there freely and partake of the chakina glory. Now Christ broke down all veils. His purpose was to join the most holy and the holy place and make two two courts into one. Right after his resurrection, he ascended and he continued his purpose. Now according to what he said to the disciples, he was going to prepare a place that where he was we might be also. That means he wanted to share his existence with us. What existence? The existence of eternity. The existence of the seventh dimension. He wanted to share that dimension. So here we live in the dimensions of light, matter and time. We know that in his dimension, the dimension of the existence of God is the seventh dimension. It is eternity. It is eternal life. So we know that in his vision, the saints beyond the curtain of time uh are not yet sharing his existence because the veil of heaven had not been taken down and the word was not yet fully revealed. Remember those people that he met beyond the curtain of time? They had they were though they were in the sixth dimension in heaven they were not yet sharing the existence of Christ. They were sharing the existence of angels. Got it? So he began Christ began by making a way into the seventh dimension. Now now how was the way made? I go to prepare a place for you that where I am you might be also. I am the way, the truth and the life. So how did he make a way for the believer to gain access to the existence of the word, the existence of God, the seventh dimension. That way was begun by the baptism of the Holy Ghost by the Holy Ghost himself. He Christ was the way to the father. In other words, he was the way, the word, the seventh dimension was the way to exist eternally. The father symbolizes eternal life, right? The progenitor of all things, of all that is eternal. So he said that if we believe Christ said if we believed in him that is the word made flesh we could see the father that is we could experience the existence of God or be reconciled to God. So if we believed in the word revealed by the Holy Spirit to us, we could share the eternal existence of God. So he went to heaven to break away the veil that separated God and man in heavenly places. All right. So I want to read a scripture for you to further express this. Hebrews chapter 6 and verse 19-20. Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and steadfast, and which enterth into that within the veil, whether the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus made an high priest forever after the order of Mechisedc. So this tells us that he went before us to prepare the way for us. All right, there's a lot that can be explained in that little phrase, prepare the way. All right, he had to make it possible. In other words, we are we we are people born in sin or conceived in sin, shapen in iniquity. We come into this world speaking lies. We are We believe in the word to the extent that we believe we will gain eternal life by believing in the word of God and achieve a greater existence than this existence of light matter time. We believe we can achieve a greater existence than the existence of that or the existence that that is ruled by death that all men should die one day. Right? So we believe beyond that existence. So this tells us he went to prepare a way for us to enter into a new existence. the existence of God and not the normal existence of man which ends in death. So he went to prepare this way for us that this might become possible. He was the forerunner of this. So for this to happen, we had to accept his sacrifice and we had to see who he was, who Christ was. We had to by faith go beyond his veil of flesh. Meaning we couldn't be like those people dealt with Moses. We had to look into his face. We had to look beyond. Now no symbolically obviously no one has appeared physically to people in this modern world saying I am Jesus Christ. Nobody has seen the physical Jesus Christ of 2,000 years ago. Right? So that flesh however that picture of him has been inbred into us for years for generations from uh long before some churches were formed like Baptist, Methodist, Episcopalian whatever they are. But we all have a preconceived idea of him. We assume him to be well we call him our savior. We paint him as a picture of kindness, his eyes of compassion and him on the cross looking lovingly down at people. And um we we basically um all have different you know conceptions or preconceived ideas and and those dangerous things because we need to be able to go beyond that flesh to see what what was behind there. What was the secret? We needed to see the existence of God in that person. Right? Not that he was a son of God or a second person in the trinity or someone who began the Christian religion or someone great to look up to. He was the most holy veiled by flesh. There was a mystery about him which we're going to come to at the end. And that's what people couldn't understand. He was he looked like a man but why was he not a normal man? There was something different about him, right? His body was the new veil upon earth. And the believer had to believe his word to go beyond that veil in order for the veil to be released in heaven to them. That's the story here. for us to have that veil released in heaven. In other words, for us to have sixth dimension and seventh dimension become one while on earth, we have to see beyond the veil of Jesus Christ who was here 2,000 years ago. Right? We've got to be able to see that he's not just son of God or second person, the Trinity. We have to recognize the very presence of God. And we in this day have to believe that having not even seen him physically 2,000 years ago. Now, we could inherit eternal life as long as we were able to see past his flesh, which people still fail to see past today. If you've ever spoken to Christian churches and the those who believe in the Trinity and have never gotten away from that indoctrination, it's scary. But they can never see past the son of God. They can never see Christ past being the son of God. Let's go to Hebrews 10:19-22. It says, "Having therefore, brethren, boldness to come, a boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus by a new and living way which he has consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, his flesh." Here the Bible is telling us that the veil is the flesh of Christ. Okay? And having an high priest over the house of God, let us draw near with the true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience and our bodies washed with pure water. So what does this do for us? See something supernatural happens because what this belief what this faith in Christ when we look beyond his veil when we get the revelation of who he is it does something to us it prepares our bodies to become the new veil the his new veil to the world because the whole point is to prep to prepare us to become the new existence of God. See, he sent his word to the church by the messengers, right? And the people were to be were to overcome the the trials of each age by looking beyond the veil of each messenger to see the word for that day. And when they did, the word was able to do something amazing for them. That word was able to do something amazing for them. something that never took place before. Hebrews 4:12, for the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword. Now watch these words. Piercing even to the dividing aunderder of soul and spirit and of the joints and marrow. And is a discerner of thoughts and intents of the heart. See, Paul spoke of the dividing aunderder of soul and spirit. What is the dividing aunderder of soul and spirit? That's the veil. Okay? So, when you believe the word, the word is able to go right through to where the veil is between your soul and spirit. When you were able to look beyond the veil of the messengers, to look beyond the veil of Christ, when you were able to see the word, to have that revelation, that word penetrates your being and gets right to where the veil is between your soul and your spirit. The question is, what is it in our hearts that separates our soul from our spirit? Revelation chapter 4 part two. This is a message preached in 61st of January. New Year's Day message. Paragraph 272. Watch what brother man is saying then. How do we get into this? Now remember there was a veil. A veil that hangs between the holy and the holiest of holies. In the holiest of holies is where Christ comes to sat down on your heart's throne. Christ is enthroned. He comes through justification. Is that right? Sanctification. Then by water, by one church, by one creed, by one spirit. From here are we all baptized into one body which is the body of Christ. By the what? Holy Spirit. What comes in? Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterian, Pentecostals, whosoever will that veil. You know, you know what that veil is? That veils you veils your heart from it. Are you ready? The b the prophet said the veil is called selfwill. Do you get the picture? Now the senses out here, he's talking about the senses. He says the senses on the body and the senses to the soul. The veil between that holy place, the holiest of holy. And the only way that you can get in there is to have is is to have selfworth. For what? Whosoever what? Whosoever shakes hands. Whosoever is immersed. Whosoever joins the church. Whosoever pass his letter. Whosoever does. No. Whosoever will come beyond the veil. That means whosoever will go beyond his own self-will. See, self-will has always been the thing that kept our belief of God locked away. Okay, so we need to get deeper into this. Our self-will was ruled by the influence of our lives. See, they became hardened veils of tradition and they have to be torn down from top to bottom by the lamb. All right, let's have a look at God's provided way of approach to fellowship. Uh this a message preached in 1960 9th of July. He says on the inside of the holiest of holies. Now one man once a year went in there. But when our real sacrifice Jesus Christ died at Calvary, he rent the veil into making a way with his own blood that whosoever will can come into shakina glory in the presence of the Holy Ghost and be filled with the power of Pentecost as they did after the veil had been tore down. yellow, brown, black, white, male, female, gentile or Jew, whosoever will, let him come and drink from the fountain of life, fountain of the Lord. When they come into that shikina glory, anointed with the Holy Spirit, then they got fellowship with God again. Then they're sons and daughters of God. No wonder we stop at the water of separation and try to fellowship from from here down here. You can't do it. You stop by the side of the blood without entering the holy place, you are still you still are not in fellowship. But when you take all preparations, see, so notice who ever will, you have to pass beyond your own self-will to get into the presence of God. Fellowship with God restored. when you can get beyond your own self-will. Don't stop at the steps of baptism, sanctification, and and baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Let's read unveiling of God. Now, at one time, this is paragraph 117 in the message, Unveiling of God. Now, at one time, if a man walked through the veil, it was sudden death. Now, it's death not to go through it. Amen. If you can't break the veil of tradition, break through the wall of denomination to see God in his power, it's death. Once where it was death to go in, now it's death to stay out. The whole mercy seat is setting in plain view. Anybody can see it. The veil is rent. Glory to God. The whole mercy seat comes into plain view. So saints, all is lost for us if the veil between our spirit and our soul, that is our self-will, is not torn away. We've got to come back to the way Adam was at the beginning. His self-will was determined to do the will of God. Unbelief changed that, right? The unveiling of God. Again, paragraph 127. Notice death to stay away from it. Now you must go into it through this veil or you won't. How God could have mercy on them. But remember what it was that God is manifesting. What was behind that veil? Watch what was behind the veil. The word. What did it veil? The word. What was it? It's in the ark. It was the word that that veil hid. And Jesus was that word. He is that word. And the veil of his flesh hid it. And today the veil of tradition hides the word again saying it's not so. But it is so. God is testifying of it blasting it himself right out as bright as the sun before everyone. And they fail to see it. God be merciful to us. See saints our belief in God must stretch beyond the veil of Jesus Christ until we see the word. What are we saying here? You have to even stretch beyond the veil concerning you beyond the veil of flesh. Right? We'll get to that. Now, let's read the unveiling of God, paragraph 259. It the veil has been lifted off the word. Off of the word. That's right. It's revealed to babes. It's lifted. See, it will be as once said. That's right. Then it will be as one said when you see when this veil is took off the word the traditions is taken of the word as Jesus once said when you see me you see the father God and his word is one. Now you understand when the word is manifested what is it? See so but even this the conquering of our self-will was not something that we could do on our own. Brothers and sisters, Christ had to do it in us, for us. That's the purpose of the second coming. He took care of the blood at Calvary. He showed us the fight in Gethsemane. Not my will, but thine. Right? And yet, he has to come the second time in this day with the revealed word, by the the opening of the seventh seal, by the revealing of the thunders. He has to come into us, do it for us, to break the veil of self-will for us to show us how to do it. He's always the one that can break the veils. So, in other words, it is the revelation of Jesus Christ in you that can break the veils. Now, this is what the breaking of those seals was about, right? The revelation of those seals helped us to see the traditions that kept the old veil standing between the holy place and the most holy place. Our self-will now was made strong against the spirit of God by Satan's reasoning over the ages which was passed down to us. But by the grace of God, he overcame to loose the seals for us that we might know and believe unto tearing down of the veil of self-will that our entire holy place become filled with his glory and our flesh becomes the veil that separates the word from God. That means we become the vessel of the existence of God. And the world when they look at us, they see the veil. Let's read unveiling of God paragraph 269 to 270. He says the veil tradition of unbelievers taken away. You see God when the veil of traditions has been removed. You can see that God is still God of his word. He still keeps his word. He is the he is the God author of his word. that is behind skin veils to others. Yes, that is right. To those who cannot go beyond the veil, he is still behind the skin veils. Notice then we when we become part of him as you are the veil that veils him. Did you hear that brother Ram said when we become part of him as you are the veil that veils him? You are part of him as long as Christ is in you. As Christ was of God because God was in him, made him God. And as Christ is in you, the hope of glory, you become part of Christ. He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. See, you become part of Christ. As long as Christ is hid in you, then it's veiled to the unbeliever. But you know he is in you. You are a temple templing Christ that's behind the veil the skin then behind because of this veil the veil again in human flesh hides God the word from the unbeliever. Amen and amen. So in closing saints the breaking of that veil the veil of the covering what is it? It's the uniting of the most holy and the holy place. It's the uniting of the inner court and the holiest of holies. It's the uniting of the seventh and the sixth dimension. It's the uniting of the soul and the spirit of man. The removal of the veil causes a marriage to take place. Why? Because the room which was once one room had been separated by a veil of self-will. That means the human's ability to make a choice for himself and not have the will of God. If you take that away that self-will and put in there the will of God, then there is no more two rooms. There is one room. It is the uniting of Christ and the bride. It is the making of twain one being the temple of the glory of God and his most glorious throne. The temple being the bride and the the glorious throne being Christ. Removing the veil of self-will brings the two together and makes it one. one glorious tabernacle tearing down again the veil between heaven and in earth and making heaven and earth become one place one court one existence of God praise be to God saints I wish the people can see this could see this now let's focus on you here you are living in this world. You're struggling every single day, right? You have the word, the gene seed in your soul. This what we're talking about. You have the gene seed in your soul. The open book revelation, the third pull revelation gets into your soul realm and is dealing with you in there, changing the nature. And at times in your life, you feel that shakina glory just filling that secret place inside. So much so that the revelation is bursting in you. And yet you just can't manifest it. You don't know how to manifest it. It's uh you want to explain to somebody, you can't express it to them. You want to do something with your body to express it, but you just can't do it. Right? What's the problem with us here? See what we still have a problem with within each individual is that self-will still exists and that veil has to be torn down because when the sacrifice is given the veil is torn and the glory of the Lord fills the entire inner court making of two courts one court, right? Of two dimensions making it one dimension. So here's the problem. We have five senses of the body. See, taste, smell, hear, touch. We have these five senses. We have the five senses of the spirit, right? Imagination, memory, reason, conscience, affection. And we are able to touch this world, feel emotions, reason by those emotions through our mind, make decisions for our life, make decisions for our family, make decisions to buy medical aid, to buy insurance, to go on holiday, to uh build a house, to buy a car, to do all these things that humans are all doing, things of the flesh. We make all these decisions and every part of our life whether to go to church, whether not to go to church, whether to go to school, whether not to go to school, whether to leave and go to university, whether not to go to university, whether to take this job, whether to not take this job. Uh we don't know whether to go to this church or that church. It's the same thing again. Self-will is the veil that we are using and it's it's trapping the shakina glory into our soul preventing the rest of the body from experiencing that presence. All right. Now we know that that veil is there to protect us. Okay. But according to the prophecy, this is the time that that protection must end. That veil must be rent in twain or in two. And the glory of the Lord must be seen in the entire body. Amen. So when you here you are in this world, your mind is in conflict. Your mind is thinking about all sorts of things. what decision to make. You are reasoning, you are trying. So uh um it's so difficult to make decisions for the family for [snorts] in financial crisis in all kinds of other difficulties that we face every single day. Remember how the tabernacle works. We constantly need the Holy Spirit to go through that veil to enter into the Holiest of Holies and bring something out for us to be able to save us every day from making wrong decisions to bring to us a true manifestation of things the way we should be living our lives. So imagine without that high priest, the Holy Spirit to be able to go behind the veil every day come out with that third pull revelation manifest revelation to give to us in our spirit realm to reveal in our minds to manifest in our bodies. Without that we're lost. Every single day will be a disaster. Right? So, but remember it's got to come to a place where we must eventually have that veil torn down. So this is what we want to just look at in this little teaching is to understand that all the veil was was a dividing of this one room, this one building to create two different dimensions. an an inner court and a most holy place or a holy place and a most holy place or the spirit and the soul. So saints, what we're saying is if the revelation of the word, if once you've realized who you are and what your purpose is and you are able to tear away that veil of self-will, the glory in your soul that the book that is open, the divine nature of God that is coming there in secret of the second coming will pour out into your spirit, into your mind, into your thoughts, into your desires, into uh your plans, into daily life, into your thoughts of everything. It will fill the room. And when it fills the room, it will shake the entire house. And then this is the mystery of Christ. when Christ walked on earth and I said we will get to that here in the end. What was the mystery of Christ? Why was he so different when he walked around at those Pharisees and Sadducees and there were a whole lot of men there? Now think of it. Look at them. All those men with the veil of self-will between their soul and their spirit. But Christ had no veil. The veil was his flesh and behind that flesh his entire spirit realm was filled with shakina glory. How do we know? Because from the very beginning he went preaching. I do not come to do my own will. I come to do the will of him that sent me. I do all things of that which the father has sent me to do. I do nothing of myself. I do not come to bear witness of myself. Any I'm just giving you randomly his words. Anyone that bears witness of himself bears a wrong witness. But I come to bear witness of my father. He says things like, "If you don't believe me, believe my works. They testify of him." Right? And all these things, if you've seen me, you've seen the father. What was the difference with Christ? See, because the veil of self-will and right right to Gethsemane where you could see the the the war of the of of the veil where he says, "Lord, if it be thy will, let this cup pass. Nevertheless, not my will but thy will be done." Right? And saints, I believe that's that's where the victory lies today because we're still hanging on to our self-will. The glory that is in our soul is not filling the temple. And it takes sacrifice. When the first veil was rent, it took the sacrifice of Christ to rent the veil. That means in our lives, in every step, if there is something we really want, there's something we really desire, if you step away from what you really want and what you really desire, you break away, you tear down the self-will and you look at the purpose of God and the and the the the purpose that his purpose may stand. And then you'll find you won't even have that desire for that something anymore. You won't even have a fierce desire for what you were desiring because now your will doesn't matter. It is his will that matters. And when that takes place, saints, before that, when you were really desiring something, you were your spirit was experiencing anxiety, depression, lack of sleep. You were discussing with your wife, with your friends. Should I do this? Should I buy this? Should I take this job? Should I uh do this this way? Should I go here? Should I go? Whatever your decision was to make, you were living a paranoid, fearful, not restful, stressed life. But when you sacrifice that thing and let go and tear down that veil of self-will, then the glory from the soul spreads out into making one room of twain. And then the only veil that there is is the flesh. And then who are you then? You are Christ standing on two feet. You are the existence of God with man. Praise be to God. This is why it's so important to understand the tabernacle and the pattern of the tabernacle because what we look through in the Old Testament when we study the tabernacle of Moses, the tabernacle of heaven, we eventually bring it back down to us in a simple thing like this to understand what the veil is, the dividing user between soul and spirit, how it operates. I guarantee you we can talk more and more and more in this for a long time. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; because there is so much to declare on these things. But I trust that you will understand in this simple teaching what it really means, what that most holy place really is, and why it was there, why it was temporary, why there was a need for Christ to come to tear down that veil, and why he had to prepare for us to come to the strength to do the same thing in this end time. We have the answer to the devil's question and this is the answer. It's not some great flashy, you know, flamboyant ministry that you have to have in the whole world. It's a simple case of tearing down the veil of self-will. May God help us. The Lord bless you until the next time.
