################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-23 - Q&A on The Holy Ghost, Sexuality and The Hebrews 6 and 10 Confusion - And Then.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-23
Title:    Q&A on The Holy Ghost, Sexuality and The Hebrews 6 and 10 Confusion
Speaker:  And Then
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SO1bIS1rVs
========================================

Description:
Questions and Answers 2025 P8 - The Holy Ghost, Sexuality and The Hebrews 6 and 10 Confusion
Does Tasting of the Heavenly Gift and then Backsliding mean You’re Lost Forever?
17 December 2025 Wednesday
--------------------------------------------------

00:00 - Scripture Reading
02:05 - Title
19:03 - What Do You Do when fellow ministers call you .....
22:17 - Accusation 1
31:24 - Accusation 2
38:31 - Accusation 3
40:49 - The Teaching at BCF
01:27:15 - Question 1
01:35:49 - Question 2 & 3
-----------------------------------------------
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gjCBqqBKVU
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So once again saints uh greetings and uh to all of you uh in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and uh wonderful to be back. It feels like a like a long time uh but we're thankful to God for his healing and uh his grace with us and we certainly appreciate uh all that he does for us. So this evening I want to break away from the book of Genesis. I've had um um as you know many questions from the youth from the young people uh all through the second half of this year and I want to address some of those questions. As you all know during December we have what we call here uh family month. It's just with our church and uh we call it family month and it's a time where we uh use the services to speak about things concerning the youth and parenting and and uh family life and so on. We've done it for several years now. And um so I've had some questions that I wanted to take a while to uh address. uh and I wanted to think on that and uh certain things have happened and uh I I really wanted to find the mind of the Lord in it and you do the right thing and uh so that's what we want to do this evening and probably get to two or three questions and uh trust the Lord for his leading. So we're going to uh share the screen and um begin with our scripture reading. We're going to um [clears throat] read um [snorts] from Hebrews chapter 6 verse 4-6 and then also Hebrews chap 10 26. Uh, and so we're going to be dealing with this is question and answers 2025 part 8. And uh, the Holy Ghost, sexuality, and uh, Hebrews 6 and10 confusion and um, for [clears throat] a title, does tasting of the heavenly gift and then backsliding mean you're lost forever? All right, so we want to begin by reading Hebrews 6:4-6. And the word of God reads like this. For it is impossible for those who are once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost and have tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come. If they shall fall away to renew them again unto repentance, seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God Aresh, and put him to an open shame. So look at that scripture. It looks, look at what it says. It is impossible for those who were once enlightened. So to have been enlightened, to have tasted of the heavenly gift, to partakers of the Holy Ghost, if you fall away, the scripture looks like it's saying it's impossible to renew you again to repentance. Uh Hebrews 10:26, "For if we sin willfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remainth no more sacrifice for sin." All right. So um this looks like some terrifying scripture and um so I know that's the reason why it is so troublesome to young people who don't really understand uh the word. So, like we said, um, question and answers 2025 part 8. Um, and we're dealing with our subject, the Holy Ghost, sexuality, and the Hebrews 6 and 10, confusion. That's what I'm going to call it. And for a title, does tasting of the heavenly gift and then backsliding mean you're lost forever? All right. So everything I I want to start by saying everything we are doing right now in the ministry is for the young people of the message who are disillusioned, questioning and confused and not finding fulfillment in the word. Do we have all the answers? No. But we are answering the questions that come to us. Why do we put it out? Is it because we feel we have a special ministry or that we can have the answers for the world? No. Perhaps it will uh help those who are going through the same thing. We are not concerned about causing division or anything else because everyone has their own self-will to choose to listen to what we say or not. Uh if it is not for you and you take offense to the way we speak, I encourage you to not listen to us and pay no attention to us at all. We are not narcissistic to think that we are the ones with the answers for the world or that we are putting out our videos or whatever it is because we want to u gain control somehow. No, it is none of that. Our concern is particularly because God has placed a burden on our heart for the young people. All right. So first I want to talk about something personal and I want to begin with saying I take full responsibility for the things that I say from the pulpit and anything that goes online. Nobody is to blame for anything I say. If people clip the videos that we use and use it, I know that I cannot blame them because I've allowed it myself to be online and in the public space. So, I know this and I am no crybaby. If people take advantage of what we put out, some of them are good people and some of them may be controlled by demonology. Um, it's fair game and um we're not complaining about that. So, but I want to start with saying nobody was not even not myself uh either was ever going to predict the outcome of my last trip to North America. I was invited to speak to the youth and the Lord laid it on my heart to speak on sexuality, a subject I have spoke I've spoken in Africa uh since 2013 2014 at youth camps, youth meetings in different formats, in different ways. And then the Lord laid it on my heart to speak on the Holy Ghost because these were the two topics that the youth globally were having struggles with. Of course, I expected some resistance from the usual suspects who just disagree with everything you say simply because it's you. They listen to you with a filter that you are wrong from the start and whatever you say from the beginning is just false. So, I expect that. But the visceral reaction that followed from those who some of them who know me well and others who I've never met really surprised me. The levels of fear and immaturity was shocking and appalling. One thing that certainly happened was after this I got them all revisiting the Holy Ghost and sexuality with a gusto and fervor that was I would say quite commendable. We had some ministers who said their wives couldn't handle hearing about sexuality from the pulpit and that it was inappropriate to talk about such things. The poor things must have been blushing and fainting as if they lived in the Victorian age of feigned femininity. Of course, we always have those who believe it's too uncomfortable to speak to both boys and girls together because that's the way brother Banham did it. You know, so I guess that uh you have to do everything the way brother Brandham did it. You know, when you talk about the birth of a child, you must apologize to the sisters. When you speak about the of Revelation 17, you must apologize to the sisters. When you speak about uh Abraham having relations with his wife, it's at an old age. You must apologize to the sisters. If you want to do everything brother Bham did, then you must do everything brother Bam did. We'll hold you to that. You should hear the message. Boys and girls who speak to us together without a filter. At one youth camp I did many years ago, I thought that the subject on sexuality was too sensitive for youth under 16. So we separated them. And after the camp, I had strong message parents asking with great concern why their children that were under 16 were left out. And the kids were complaining that they were not babies and that they learned this stuff in school. So here was I thinking that it it was too sensitive a topic for 13 year olds and yet the kids and the parents didn't think so. But these things I don't mind. There are some really cultural people in the world who come from really really conservative backgrounds and uh you know some places you go people are just sensitive and I don't really mind those sort of reactions. I just didn't expect it from the western world where they live in a society that is so openly sexual about everything uh that it makes us Africans uncomfortable. But then came the Holy Ghost debacle which just rubbed people up the wrong way. There were differences on emotions. I get that. Like if somebody thinks, you know, I'm speaking against having emotions or an atmosphere in the church where people are shouting and screaming and and if they took offense to me thinking that I feel like we shouldn't have those things, I I get that. I understand that. Of course, that's wrong and it's not what I believe. I believe in emotions. I'm an emotional person. I believe in expression. When you hear the word of God, I am an expressive person. Then there were differences on the word spirit and ghost. And I get that because uh they didn't understand what I was saying. But then there were those who tied it all together. Now I don't go looking for people online to see who talks about me because I don't care. People send me links to ask me if I've heard this that someone said about me when I hear it and I realize it might be someone who is an elder or someone whom I know or I don't know but maybe I respect because they're they're an elder. They're somebody in the message for a very long time. I reach out as a brother should in a in peace to regain my brother. And um you know when people disagree with what you preach, that's fine. I um I have no problem with with that. I actually love it when people disagree with me because I learn more. And um and if people disagree with you and uh you know, whatever you with whatever you preach, it's fine. And they they double down on what they believe, that's perfect. It's what you ought to do if God has revealed it to you that way. I have no problem with that and I love it. It makes me examine myself uh and uh it it makes me question things that I believe and look at things in a different way. But what I have a problem with is name calling that goes to the highest degree that it becomes evil and narcissistic and elitist. What do you do with that when they do that to you? So for me, there are those in the ministry uh that had the boldness to use my name, to speak out on platforms, warning people not to have me on their pulpits, to not give me the microphone, or who literally call you a Ricky and a fallen angel. Uh some speaking about you but not using your name for plausible deniability. yet knowing full well that everybody knows exactly who they're talking about. Uh so the one minister who calls called me a Ricky and a fallen angel uh you know it those are serious uh um name calling. That's serious name calling. Um the definition of Ricky as brother Brandham describes it from his perspective in the message is someone who is immoral. someone who uh like you hear about it, they have their hot rods and go out and sleep around and drink beer and and uh that that's what he calls Ricky's in the message to have a minister fellow minister in the message call you this over the pulpit and then a fallen angel that's referring to the scripture where it says you know uh if any man teaches something that I have not you know whether it been angel or so on you or let him be accursed. I've heard that. And then also a fallen angel, meaning people, you know, the angels kicked out of heaven and lost their position and come down to possess man. And you know, those are serious uh name call. That's serious name calling. That is to the to the highest degree. It's not even like just gossiping about someone or belittling someone. that is denigrating somebody to um the lowest possible thing you could ever do. They don't hold back. Then they say you will bring in nickelotinism and you are you are going to try and cause the people to not get the spirit and also call what you preached in sexuality and the holy ghost. They call it psychology and junk. So they did this on a public platform and this is u this is a new time in the world. This the social media YouTube, Instagram, uh all these other social media platforms. It's a it's a new beast. It's a new addition to the fourth dimension and it can be used profitably to pass the word to the world or it can be used as uh for rather for very nefarious purposes. So what do you do right what do you do when they call you stuff like this? So first thing you do is you reach out to them as a brother and you ask to speak with them so there could be an understanding between brothers and if they respond uh and chat with you you can discuss your differences and let the spirit of God lead you towards peace and and you may still not agree but still you'll be brothers right if all you get is indifference or no acknowledgement at all that you even reached out to them you send them letters You send them WhatsApp messages. You can even see it's blue ticked, but all you get is radio silence, not even an acknowledgement that you messaged them or reached out to them. Then what do you do? Right now, I know we will have some believers who who say, you know, the best thing is to do the best thing to do is not respond. Just let God deal with them. We'll have other legalists who will say, just pray for them. To me, those are fearful methods that are used by some people who are afraid of confrontation. And I'm not one of those people. Um, having God deal with them. If if I've learned anything in this life is that God deals with things through his people. Now, what would have been the right thing for those ministers to do when they heard what I preached? Easy. Just call me up. It's not hard to get my number. Some of them have my number. Just call me up. Brother Al, did you mean to say that the Holy Ghost cannot take away sexual lust? Is that what you were trying to say? Or Brother Al, are you saying that the Holy Ghost and the Holy Spirit are two different things? Do you know there are quotes where the prophet said they are the same thing? That's all it takes? Pick up the phone, call me before you get on the pulpit and decide you know what I said and you have the right to interpret it the way you want to. Just call me, talk to me and then I will explain myself to you. Then you have a proper understanding as brothers and then you go on your pulpit and correct me if you wish to with the right attitude and with more knowledge of what I meant. But when you refuse to talk to me and you talk among those who agree with you, you spread bad word about me or not even knowing me, then go to the pulpit and call me Ricky and fallen angel and make claims of things that I said that I didn't say that way. Not even in the way you are saying that I meant it. This is not the way brothers should act. You should know I've been working my whole life to get young people to understand the prophet from a modern-day perspective because they don't understand him from an older generation perspective. I have literally been drawing hundreds of young people back to the word where and when you do things like this, you put us a step back. Now, in this new social media age, I believe that we can display how to disagree respectfully and do things the right way in public forums and public platforms when you have already tried to engage on a personal level and been outright ignored. What is it that you do? And so, I want to be able to tell the young people because you're going to come across this. You're going to be you're going to have these experiences in the future. What do you do when you have people who you respect who then call you names and do such things to you in public? It's really something that we ought to learn. So I want to um I want to tell you here's what you should do. Number one, always remain respectful, but do not be afraid to speak firm and with conviction. Number two, give them the benefit of the doubt that perhaps they still don't understand what you believe. Number three, assume that you may not properly understand what they believe. Number four, ask questions to challenge their belief so that you can get answers. Number five, always bear in mind there is a world that is watching, ready to pounce on what all of us believe and will use what you do to discredit the word, not you. Number six, stay on point and let the word speak for itself. Number seven, always leave room for the fact that everything you see as evidence to yourself can be interpreted differently by someone else. Number eight, your ultimate objective is to let the word win in the end, even if you have to endure rejection and indifference. So that's the that's the perspective we ought to be approaching these things with. So with that, I'm going to try and stick to my own advice and not make this personal, but try to double down on what we taught and to uh simplify and reexplain it without a church format. So I'm not in a church format where there I'm preaching and people are shouting amens and egging you on and you're going to say something in an emotional way. Uh we're not doing that, right? So, I'm going to be be speaking as calmly as I can. I've taken a long time to do this, to address this in a way that I know I'm not in any state of anger or hurt or emotion. I'm completely calm and speaking out of concern for the young people of this generation. And you got to know when you're a when you become a minister and you and you come out into the public eye, you have you have to know you're opening yourself up to criticism and you must be able to handle it. You cannot be a baby in uh times like this. So uh that's what we want to do. So I want to start with um the first accusation. Okay. So there are three that we're going to get through before we get to the questions that the young people have asked me. And and the reason why I'm doing this again in this way is because it relates to the questions that I've had to address. And these questions I received from from a while back and I just didn't have the time to to address them. So let's begin with the first uh so the first accusation that came across was that we teach that the Holy Ghost cannot remedy sexual vice. We teach that the Holy Ghost. So obviously what I said at brother Dunqua's church uh this brother decided that the crux of what I was saying was that the Holy Ghost cannot remedy sexual problems, sexual vice, sexual obsession. Okay. Uh so number one there's your accusation and it's completely wrong. Sorry. What we are saying, and I want this to be as clear as possible. What we are saying is that the way of receiving the Holy Ghost that is currently being taught is not the remedy for sexual vice. That is if you are teaching young people that coming to youth camps, coming to the altar, having experience where you fall down, shout and scream, have some emotional manifestation and believe that that is the remedy for sexual vice, that is wrong. Yes. If you interpreted that's what I said, that's what I said, that's what I meant and that is the truth. We are saying this because of the testimony of hundreds of youth that are spiritually backsliden and sitting in churches and not satisfied with the word they are receiving. I also gave biblical proof that the Holy Ghost is not meant to be seen as a remedy for unrighteousness. I gave examples. We gave you the examples of David. David, the man who had the anointing on him that could play the harp and and cast out devils from King Saul. And uh this man having the Holy Spirit commits adultery, murders Uriah the Hitittite, plans his murder, commits adultery, and then when God uh brings conviction, he falls down and cries, "Take not thy holy spirit from me." I gave an example of Samson who while sleeping with a harlot wakes up with the spirit of God upon him stronger than any man in the history of mankind and takes on the Philistines. What what what I showed you is biblically these men have the Holy Spirit and still are living immoral. How then is the Holy Ghost seen as a remedy for sexual vice or obsession? Why are you telling the young people that this is the solution? It is not the solution. Uh and and definitely not the way you are teaching that the Holy Ghost or what the Holy Ghost is. If you're making a big deal about anointing, power, noise, emotions in church, uh, in church services, then the onus is on you to define what is true anointing. Anointing, define it. The atmosphere created in church must be here's the prophet's identification of atmosphere of the anointing. It must be the atmosphere of believing, not not running around and screaming and shouting and jumping and falling and slain in the spirit. If they do that, they must have come to the atmosphere of believing so that when the true word is being preached that [snorts] they believe. They believe it with their heart, with their soul, then you have the right anointing because it's the atmosphere of believing. But after you've got them into an atmosphere of whatever it is, emotions or if even if you bring them into an atmosphere of believing, then you must give them something to believe, right? Something concrete, something strong, something powerful, not the same old same old regurgitation of revelation from decades ago. This this doesn't help this generation. Okay? Anointing in the Bible is ability. Ability. Samson was given ability. Was a scrawny guy, thin, no strength. And when the spirit of God was upon him, it gave him ability. David was a ruddy young youth. But when the spirit of God was upon him, it gave him ability to kill the lion, the bear, the Philistines, the giant. Anointing is to give you ability for the purpose of God to be fulfilled. That is what anointing is. That's what the Holy Ghost is supposed to be for. Now, anyone can create atmospheres in church or at youth camps. Loud music, running around at specific songs, waving your arms, dancing, shouting, jumping, and hopping on the spot. But where's the anointing when you're at school? Where's the anointing when you're at work? Where's it in public or with your friends? Where's the ability that prevents you from fornicating, drinking, smoking, doing drugs, doing fraudulent business deals, disrespecting parents and elders, siding with the world over the word? It's so easy to have anointings in church, but where's the anointing outside where it is needed? Where is the ability to not fornicate, to not drink, to not smoke, to not do drugs, to not speak disrespectful? Where is the ability? That's the anointing. Not atmosphere of church, not atmosphere of worship. That is the anointing that you're supposed to be teaching, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got the liveliest church in the city or the liveliest church in the country. So what? That's the only place we see your liveless. You're dancing. You're shouting your emotions. Then you go back home after your church service to your depression, fighting with your wife and your children or your parents. And then you go back to social media and worldly friends who think you're cool. You sing and dance and shout hallelujah in church services every Sunday. And then you go and do sexy dancing to worldly music at message weddings and birthday parties. You go sneaking around to cinemas. You play worldly music in your car. You talk about the movies and celebrities to your worldly friends and worldly church friends. This is happening here in Africa, saints. And yet you are the people condemning other churches who are quieter. But in your church, you're the rowdiest, loudest people full of emotions. But you do all of these things. The anointing you're supposed to have is the ability outside of church to keep you in the word. Right? That's what you ought to be teaching these young people. Or you have the spirit in church. Maybe you're not a young person. You're you're you're an older person. You have the spirit in church. But then after church, you go out and demonize your brothers, gossip about one another, tear one another down. This is not the anointing that is doing the purpose of God. We teach that seeking the Holy Ghost. This is what we teach. Seeking the Holy Ghost for the remedy of backslidiness is not according to the Bible and the word. If you are doing that, you have had the word. If if you as a young person are seeking the Holy Ghost to get rid of backslideness and unrighteousness, you have had the word misrepresented to you. Someone has been lying to you. It's not true. The Holy Ghost, this is what we teach, is a nature of purpose from God. It's not a fix all shortcut for you after you've lived an unrighteous life for God has suddenly gave you this power. Click it and it's gone. No sir, that's false. Somebody's been telling you that. They've been lying to you. The Lord Jesus said to the woman in the street, "I don't condemn you. That means I've forgiven you. Go and sin no more." That means there is no fix all. That means after you've been forgiven, you have a responsibility to yourself to live righteous after your sins of the past have already been forgiven. Okay, let's go to uh accusation number two. So number two they are saying we teach that uh acts chapter 2 experience the acts chapter 2 experience is not the indwelling okay once again this is false that's not what we teach we teach that you trying to replicate Acts chapter 2 Today in a day that is completely different and forcing an anointing on people and deluding the people uh and just claiming it that that manifestation and experience they had is the indwelling. That's wrong. That's what we are teaching. You trying to replicate Acts chapter 2 from 2,000 years ago. That's wrong. and trying to teach them that that is the anointing, that is the the remedy, the fix all, and that is the indwelling. That is not go read the quotes. Brother Baron said they received the fullness of the spirit in Pentecost. They already received it uh Isuza Street and now we're moving into bringing sons in. They've already done that. He didn't he didn't even speak about message people. just he he's he was speaking of the age of Leodysia and he said they already received it. They've been preaching it already received the fullness of the spirit. They've had that and yet they did not accept the prophet's message. They rejected him completely the indwelling. What is it? Right? those in Acts chapter 2. Let's examine those in Acts chapter 2 because this is what they're teaching today in the message that receiving the fullness of the Holy Ghost according to Acts chapter 2, right? Those people in Acts two receive the fullness of the of the spirit according to the measure of the word for their day. And then watch what happens. They go out from the upper room. It it's not even like five minutes. They have problems with each other's teachings. They have problems with Paul's teachings and disagreements. When I say five minutes, I I mean it metaphorically. I mean it within such a short space of time. They already start uh disagreeing on the word and and Paul's teachings they Peter says we wrestle we have a we have a a difficulty understanding the things brother Paul is teaching. Then they have disagreements among one another with public blowout, public arguments among the brothers that then causes them to even separate. Now you tell me, how do they go from being in one accord in the upper room to separation based on the revelation of the word if the complete evidence was the indwelling of Acts chapter 2? If they had the complete indwelling in Acts chapter 2, how do they then separate based on the word? This is a problem, right? And they they had bad blowouts. They literally had Paul telling them, "You are doing something wrong. Segregating Jews and Gentiles and teaching them the natural circumcision and making these people sit on this side and do sit on this side because of Jewish tradition." And then a massive blowout and they separated literally where James is speaking of justification by works and Paul is preaching justification by faith. Right? How do they go from being of one accord to separation? So this is what is being purported now that if you have an Acts chapter 2 experience or manifestation that is also the inddwelling that is not scriptural right here's the number one problem with deluding yourself. So again I'm saying to you we are not teaching that Acts chapter 2 was not the indwelling. Of course, they had the indwelling of the spirit based on the measure of word for their day. Right? Then you have Paul coming and saying in in uh in in 1 Corinthians 13, when I was a child, I spake as a child. I acted like a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. Right? And the other scripture that says when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part is done away with. There's so much in there. And of course, the others may not have agreed with Paul on these things. Here's the number one problem with deliluding yourself into thinking you can replicate the book of Acts. Here's the problem. And we've seen it here in Africa. Anyone can fake that. [laughter] We have people here who believe they brought the Holy Ghost to Africa. We have people who churches here where uh you you will not see manifestations or church anointing or atmosphere like anywhere else in the world. You will not see it. We've got noise here the loudest that you you never going to see in any message church anywhere in the world. We have that here. We see it here. And we also see the evidence and the fruits. If you shout that loud, jump that high and uh and preach that that way, you better make sure you produce the fruits that your house is in order, that your children are living the life, that your church is tying the uh uh uh living the life, keeping in in line with the word. If you have that expression, you better make sure that's happening because it's not by how how loud you shout that we know. It's by the fruits that we know them. That's what we're teaching, right? Here's the number one problem with deliluding yourself, right? And thinking that you can replicate the book of Acts. I'm saying it again. Anyone can fake that. And you are opening a way for the enemy, that is demonology, to get back into the church because that's not the evidence. Anything that can be faked, anything that can be copied, anything that a white horse rider can impersonate is going to be used by demonology to trap the church all over again. Saints, the indwelling comes from nothing else than the divine nature which comes from the word. Indwelling in a person by a person who believes the word for their day. Period. There is so much to be said on this and the measure is not your experience. But I'm going to get to that in a little while when we read the quote. Okay, let's go to um the third accusation. All right, this is incredible. So the third accusation is we teach psychology and then the brother even said when I preach in brother Duncan's church I gave I don't know nine steps nine steps and it was psychology and he even said it is junk. So we are we are teaching psychology nine steps of psychology and it is junk. Okay, there are more things that were said and I'm not I'm not going to focus on that. I I want to focus on what is being spoken about uh in terms of the word because we want to focus on the word, right? That's what's more important than what people think or say. So, we teach psychology nine steps of I don't I don't know. It's almost as if when I ended the message on psych on on sexuality and I was telling the young people, this is what you need to do. Stop doing this and start doing that, right? And and I gave a few steps of this the correct solutions to overcoming sexual obsession. And I suppose because I mentioned these are steps that they assume this is psychology. And yet, if you go back and listen to what I preached, all I spoke about in the messages on sexuality was, confession, repentance, taking accountability for your wrongs, making it right, getting back to church, not isolating yourself in your bedroom, getting back to the word, not blaming others for your wrongs, finding a purpose and doing it, living for others and not yourself. I I don't understand. These are strong Christian principles that come right out of the book of Acts. This is what every person Christ forgave did to put their lives right. How is it psychology? These ministers either don't know what is psychology or they're just playing dumb for attention from their own people. I need I need I need a lot of help here. Okay. Now, I want to go back to the teaching that I I did at BCF, right? Honestly, I didn't get what the big deal was. It's not like these ministers didn't want to understand what I taught or what I said. Many of them know me and have heard how I preach. They know I didn't go there to lead people away from the prophet. I read quotes of the prophet in every service I preach. If anything, if someone else hears me from the outside would say I read too much of the prophet. Everybody who hears me preach knows this is how I preach. I was not trying in any way to make people disbelieve the prophet. If anything, they should have known I was trying to get the young people back to believing and understanding what the prophet meant. Right? And and if they listen to what I preached in that message, that's how I introduced the subject, right? To go on pulpits and act as if I didn't know there is a scripture that says the Old Testament saints were moved of the Holy Ghost to write the scriptures. The most famous scripture of all. I mean, we all know that that's quoted by people who fight against atheists. And everybody knows what are you assuming that I didn't know the scripture which I even mentioned in the message right to go on your pulpits and to say to quote the scripture as if gotcha that was just being cute disingenuous and performative. So let me break it down for you one last time. If you go back and listen to everything I preached at BCF, right, listen to what I said, right, and uh or even ask me for my notes, which I will gladly supply. I've done it for people over the years, you will see that I was simply pointing out that the translators of the Bible were making a distinction in the manifestation of the Holy Spirit over the different ages. first thing. Secondly, they chose to make the distinct the distinction between the anointing that was upon Old Testament saints as compared to the anointing that came in after Acts chapter 2. You literally have a scripture that said the Holy Ghost had not yet been given. Right? This is what I'm doing. This is what I I'm trying to put this together for the young people to understand the difference between the Holy Ghost anointing after Christ and that which was before Christ. I literally went through the difference in manifestations. That's what we're trying to do. And all I was saying was the English translators chose to make a distinction. Not me. It's there in the Bible. Right? And so there's places throughout the scripture where the English translators used two different words though it was the same in Greek and Hebrew. They chose to use two different words. But for an example, the English translators did not write that I I spoke about this recently that John was in the spirit. John was in the ghost on the Lord's day. It's the same Greek word. It's numa, right? Why will they not say John was in the ghost on the Lord's day? Why would they say John was in the spirit on the Lord's day? Because context is important. Though it is the same Greek word numer, it does not make sense to say that John was in the ghost on the Lord's day. In many places though, it is the same Greek word numer p neu m a. They knew that you cannot use the word ghost uh in some places and in some places you should use the word spirit. So I only spoke about the words holy ghost and holy spirit. I did not even get to the phrases where it says spirit of god or uh um spirit of the lord or the lord spirit or the just the word spirit. I didn't even go to all those places to show you the wonderful differences um that the translators uh chose to use those words to express the correct expression. But that was only half, right? That was the foundation that I was using in that message for showing that there was a distinction that brother Brandham was pointing to. Right? The distinction was between the anointing and the person. That's what they were showing. And brother Brandham uses the words Holy Ghost, Holy Spirit interchangeably. I said that. But he introduced he, Brother Brandham introduced something new. He created a problem that the Bible translators did not create. Brother Brandham created a new problem. It's not a problem for those who have the right interpretation and who have the revelation. But he introduced something that's not even in the Bible. He said there is a difference between the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the person of the Holy Ghost. He was doing exactly what the translators did. They were showing a difference between somebody who has the indwelling and someone who has an anointing upon them. That's all I was trying to say. I was pointing to the distinction he made. Why was I doing that? To explain to the youth what he meant by you can have the Holy Ghost 24 hours in a day and still go to hell. Now, this happened to tie in with the trip, the entire trip, because this is exactly one of the quotes why you can speak to whether the Holy Ghost is a remedy for sexuality, right? You can have the Holy Ghost 24 hours in a day and still go to hell. What did he mean? Did he mean the indwelling or the anointing? Excuse me. This is what I was talking about brothers. What is the problem? Right? And by that he meant you can have the anointing 24 hours in a day and go to hell. Now you can't tell this to denominational people. They'll have a heart attack. You you could not live with the person indwelling you 24 hours in a day and still go to hell. No, that's not it. You can't you can't have that and go to hell, right? But you can't have the anointing and go to hell. That's all through the scriptures. The rain falls in the just and the unjust. Everybody knows that. So also, brother Brandham speaks about Ephesians 4 where he says, "You are sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise till the day of your redemption." And he speaks about the box car. Look at the difference, right? There's a seal placed on the box car. And when it reaches the end of the journey, the owner of the seal breaks the seal and redeems what is his. So what are you sealed with? These are the things that the young people are asking. What are you sealed with till the day of your redemption? The anointing or the indwelling. To those who who say the anointing and the indwelling is the same, you have a problem. That's what I was trying to explain to the young people because the way it has been taught has been confusing to them. I did not choose to come in to speak something controversial. These ministers know that my purpose was speak was in speaking on this was to reduce the confusion and to show them what they should look for the young people what they should look for when desiring the Holy Ghost. Instead, these ministers by making an elaborate drama of what I preached and trying to correct me by saying I didn't say what the prophet said and then now set back they set back the work that we have actually been doing to get the people back to believing and trusting in the prophet and what he said. It's so sad truly. But I want to say this. Apart from the few that took umbrage to what I said, there are thousands of people who said they understood perfectly what I was saying and that there's no controversy. I guess then that I have had a resounding amen from the bride of Christ, which is all that matters in the end. Again, I don't want to go through explaining it all over again. I just want to point out one simple thing for those who would have uh wanted to be technical. I was driving the point that the solution to unrighteousness is purpose in the word and not atmosphere in the church or even the experience of salvation and the new birth. That is not it. Of course, you got to have an experience. Of course, you got to have a new birth, but that's not the solution for unrighteous living and backslideness, right? The Holy Ghost must produce purpose in you. And this is my problem. This is what I've been seeing. I've lived in this message my entire life. And I'm telling you, I know what works and what doesn't work. If you bring young people into this message, you take them to church, you fire at them, charisma, atmosphere, church music, shouting, screaming, and all they do is come to church, sit down, and do nothing for their lives, for their teenage years. They do nothing. Not every young person gets to play in the band. Not every young person gets to uh uh do something or have some kind of purpose in the church on Sundays, right? This is the culture that's become message churches is your young people come to church and not even the young people, everybody else. It's a it's a one-man show. It's a or a few men show, pastors and a few preachers and those who have offices in the church. The rest of the people come to church, sit down, pay their tithes, and do nothing. They literally do nothing. And you're told, "Your purpose is, well, you know, as a sister, you must be a wife. You must uh you must cook the food, iron the clothes, wash the clothes, bring up the children, and that is brilliant. No issue with that. But you cannot talk about the word. You cannot testify to people anymore. Where the book of Acts is full of young ladies, young women, married women testifying to people, talking to unbelievers, talking to the neighbors, spreading the gospel. Nope. You're not allowed to do that anymore. Why? It's not your place. Young people, brothers in the church, maybe they done something wrong, they committed adultery, they come back, repented. You cannot talk. You cannot speak the word anywhere. You cannot testify. It's not your place. You can't do anything without the pastor. You can't do anything. This is what we've got in churches. We've got people who sit down and do nothing. They have no purpose. And though you have the new birth and you had an experience of the new birth and then you come out and you don't know what the Holy Ghost is, the Holy Ghost is the spirit of purpose. It's it's supposed to give you a zeal to do something with what God reveals to you. And if you're sitting sitting around doing nothing, you descend into unrighteousness, complacency, laziness, and eventually immorality. That's where you become disillusioned. That's the problem we have in the church worldwide, except in denominational churches. They seem to be a lot more doers than sayers. This is a problem. All right. I want to share another quote with you or rather our first quote from the message the queen of Sheba when the life that was in the animal died. So now I want to I want to bring you to this point on the holy ghost and the holy spirit right the old and new testament saints. So speaking of the Old Testament, the life that was in the animal that died, the life that could not that life could not come back and be a spirit with a human being because it was an animal life without a soul. But when Jesus died, it was a soul of God. And when the cell, he means the blood cell was broke, it sanctified a church that the Holy Spirit could live in us who were sexualborn. Then it's God above us, God with us. Now it's God in us. Okay? Now this this is this to me what is surprising. Anybody in the message who who read the token message knows that the prophet said the token is the Holy Ghost and the blood cell only broke to come upon the believer after Christ. Now my question to those people who fired at me to say it's the same thing. It's the same thing because the people in the Old Testament were INSPIRED BY THE HOLY GHOST TO WRITE the scriptures. Now I want to ask you if the blood cell only broke after Christ, what did the Old Testament saints have? It is all over the message, brothers. When this revelation was made known to the prophet when he preached the token that the blood cell broke only after Christ that before Christ the Old Testament saints were anointed with the Holy Spirit but it was not the same manifestation because the blood that was offered for them was animal life which could not come back upon the believer. How hard is this to understand? So we know what brother Brandham said in those two quotes where he said they are the selfsame word. Why? Because he was addressing something the denominations were doing in brother Brandham's time. The denominations who were non- Pentecostals were using the term Holy Spirit and Holy Ghost to discriminate against the Pentecostals. Right? That's what they were doing. We're using as a form of discrimination to say these Pentecostals have the Holy Ghost. We are the Holy Spirit. We understand what brother Vanam was answering. There is no mystery there. We all know why that is irrelevant to the discussion we were having. The discussion we are having is not about the words. It's about the manifestation of the anointing versus the life produced by the inddwelling. Now everything that I taught at BCF was well thought out, well researched in the message and the Bible and spoken with what little time we had, expecting the maturity of people globally to be where it should be and that is at the level of mature sons and not juvenile pettiness. So I'm going to read a lengthy passage of quotes so we hear what the prophet says about this and then answer some questions from the young people that I have received. Okay. So let's let's go to uh the quotes and this is from the manan or rather Pamean church age and then also the SMan uh church age. All right. Are you ready for this church? Perameanian church, page 169, paragraph 2. And there it is. Now, I don't want to do too much of preaching on this. I want to read you the quotes and you decide for yourself. Right there it is. He says, "You can't claim that manifestation is the evidence of being spirit or spiritfilled." No sir. So this is what I'm saying to you. I have a problem with you replicating trying to replicate the book of Acts and telling young people that manifestation is the evidence of being spirit born. When the prophet says it's not listen no sir I will admit that true manifestation true manifestation is the evidence of the Holy Spirit doing mighty acts. That's the only evidence. It's the evidence of. So in other words, if you have a manifestation, you speak with tongues, you prophesy something or whatever, the only evidence that is is the evidence that the Holy Spirit is doing mighty acts. He says, but it is not the evidence of the individual being spiritfilled even though that individual has an abundance of those manifestations. Uh am I reading wrong? Am I am I not seeing this? Is brother Baron not saying that the anointing and the the the being spirit or rather um manifestation of the Holy Spirit doing mighty acts is not the same as indwelling. Is that what it's saying? Right. Are we on the right track? Are we reading the same message? Let's read on. Pergamanian church age. The evidence of receiving the Holy Ghost today is just the same as it was back in the day of our Lord. It is receiving the word of truth for the day in which you live. Jesus never did stress the importance of the works as he did the word. He knew that if people got the word, the works would follow. That is Bible. Okay. Let's go to Smy and church age page 143 paragraph 1. [snorts] Now when God is silent we had better be silent but where he has spoken we had better speak too and he and say what he has already said. All right are you ready for this? He told us the evidence or what would happen after being baptized with the Holy Ghost was that we would have the teacher come and teach all truth. What is the evidence after being baptized with the Holy Ghost is that you would have the teacher inside. That teacher was an inside teacher. I'm reading, not an outside teacher. If the spirit wasn't inside, you wouldn't hear the truth and receive it by revelation if you heard it every moment of the day. That means you can, this is why you can have the anointing 24 hours in a day and not have the inside teacher. Is this what the message is saying? That was the sign of the indwelling spirit in the days of Paul. What? What was the sign of the indwelling spirit in the days of Paul? Hearing the word, understanding the word, having the revelation of the word for your day. That is the sign of the indwelling. saints. I I I don't know. I just I don't even know if I'm reading the same message as my brothers. Honestly, those who are filled with the Holy Ghost heard the word received it and lived by it. Those who did not have the spirit heard it only as carnal men, but a wrong interpretation in it on it and went into sin. There it is. Paragraph two. in every age and every age is the age of the Holy Ghost for the true believer. So here's the other thing we hear about the age of the Holy Ghost was the first age and the last age. Brother man said every age was the age of the Holy Ghost for the true believer. I say in he says I say in every age the evidence was the same. Those who had the spirit, the teacher, the teacher heard the word and that spirit in them took the word and taught it. Re praise be to God. That spirit in them took the word and taught it to them in brackets revealed it. and they were of the group that heard the messenger and his message and took it and lived it. Let's go on. Paragraph three. I know it is a great temptation to refer back to the day of Pentecost. There it is. I know it is a great temptation to refer back to the day of Pentecost and also to the day when the Holy Ghost fell in the house of Cornelius and then set those two identical experiences as the evidence of the baptism with the Holy Ghost. But on each occasion, the tongues were understood by the listeners. This is a far cry from the modern babble of confusion of Pentecostal meetings. Saints, I've been preaching this message this way from the very beginning. I have not changed it. It's what the prophet said. And if this were not enough to persuade us to leave off such reasoning, what will we do when we are confronted with the fact that people who have never spoken in tongues have some of the other eight manifestations in their lives such as word of wisdom, the discerning of spirits, a word of knowledge, faith, healing, and even miracles. And this observation is even more interesting in the light that tones is the least of the nine gifts. So when we see people who do not nor ever have spoken in tongues use greater gifts than those who do speak in tonesues, we must discount such a doctrine even more completely than before. Man, this is the prophet. So you can see now. So, so I'm saying we've got people, brothers in the message who are only pushing those things, dreams, visions, speaking in tongues, prophesying, shouting and screaming. What about wisdom? What about knowledge? Brother Barry, here's a quote saying those are the higher gifts. What about those? These people who have wisdom and knowledge, they're not going to shout. They're not going to scream. They're not going to speak with tongues, prophesy, run around, jump around, slay in the spirit. They're not doing all Why are you trying to revive something from yesterday year? That's our question. And deliluding the young people to think they must comply with that. So you can see now I'm reading paragraph page 144 paragraph 1. You can see now that we cannot afford to say what the Bible has not said. When scripture teaches us that the work of the Holy Spirit and the manifestation of that blessed person is to bring the truth of each age to the true seed of that age. Then we know that the spirit has to be abiding in the person or he cannot receive the truth for that time. That means that's why I was teaching at BCF the purposeful nature. You've got to have the person on the inside and the evidence is going to be that you are going to learn the word and receive the full revelation of the open book. This is the issue today. We have a whole lot of people shouting open book, open book, open book just for the sake of shouting out open book. But they don't have it. What? It's not enough to say the seals are open. The seventh seal is open and then go back to Pentecostalism. I'm sorry. That's the truth. Amen. That is exactly correct. The prophet says, "And if these ages bring out anything, they surely bring out and bear out this truth." Simony and churches 144 paragraph 2. Now before we leave this subject, prophet is saying I want to make myself very clear on what the baptism with the Holy Ghost is according to the word. Are you listening? Are you hearing? Listen to what he says. It is not according to me. It is not according to you. It has to be according to thus sayeth the Lord or we are falsely led. Amen. Can you say amen to that? Is that what the prophet is saying? Before he leaves the subject, he wants to make very clear what the baptism with the Holy Ghost is according to the word. Are you ready for this? Okay. To begin with, he says, paragraph 3, you will notice that in my meetings, when I have finished preaching an evangelistic service or some teaching message, I cast the net and invite a response from the people. I asked them to come forward and receive the Holy Spirit. My Pentecostal friends upon hearing me say this believe that I'm inviting people to come forward to be baptized with the Holy Ghost because they are already born again. So when I invite those who are spiritfilled to come and deal with those who have answered the invitation to receive the spirit, these dear ones surge forward and deal with the people in such a manner as to encourage them to yield to God and believe to speak in tongues. This has caused a great deal of confusion. And I want to tell you exactly what I mean. I mean for a sinner to [clears throat] come forward and be born again, which is to be baptized into the body of Christ by the Holy Ghost, which is exactly what took place at Pentecost when the church was launched. In other words, to be born of the spirit is to be truly baptized with the Holy Ghost. It is one and the same. Now I realize I'm still reading that it is going to be confusing for a moment here as most people know that I was ordained a Baptist preacher and I have steadfastly declared that the Baptist have missed it for saying you receive the Holy Ghost when you believe for that is not so. You receive him since you believe. He reads Acts chapter 19 2-6. Then he says now here is my point. Too many of you of our modernists and even our fundamentalists socalled believe unto salvation at a certain specific time which in many cases is called making a decision and that has been called receiving Christ or being born again. Now to receive Christ is to receive his spirit. To receive his spirit is to be born again. To receive his spirit is to be baptized with the Holy Ghost. Amen. These folks believe. That is wonderful. But they stop there. You receive the Holy Ghost after you believe. The prophet says it has always been that way and always will be. The very first word of direction to the people was by Peter at Pentecost. And he reads Acts 2: 38 and 39. Okay. Simony churches, we're almost done. Paragraph 145, um, paragraph 1. These directions came as a direct answer from Peter relative to what had actually happened at Pentecost. What came to pass was that God, according to Joel, was pouring out the promised Holy Spirit upon all flesh. He was not poured out before that time or given before that time. Are you listening? Those that were quoting that scripture back at me that the Holy Ghost was upon the Old Testament saints because they were moved by the Holy Ghost to write the scriptures. I know that. THAT'S NOT WHAT we were talking about. Right here is the prophet saying he was not poured out before that time or given before that time that this was it. But this was to come from now on by repenting being baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and then God was duty bound to fill the ones who came. Peter or any of the apostles never said you must be born again and then filled with the Holy Spir with the spirit. Paragraph one this that this is the pattern of experience relative to receiving the Holy Spirit. Note carefully that the very next time the spirit fell upon people, Acts 8:5-17, right? And he reads that according to verse 12, he says they believed the word. This is why it's all about the word, saints. They believed the word. They then baptized. They were then baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. But according to verse 16, not in spite of all that, they still had not received the Holy Spirit. [laughter] It was only after believing and being baptized correctly that they received the Holy Ghost. That is the exact pattern as set forth by Peter in Acts 2:38. Reading on, another scripture that casts wondrous light on us is found in Galatians 3:3-14. Cursed is everyone that hangeth is anyone that hangeth on a tree that the blessing of Abram speaking of the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ that in order that we might receive the promise of the spirit through faith. Now here brother Bram zeros in on the blessing of Abraham because this is what was spoken of in Pentecost. He says, "Now by no means can it be said that the blessing of Abraham Abraham is the rebirth and that the promise of the spirit is the baptism with the Holy Ghost as two separate events. For the scripture, they're not events. Don't look at this as events, right? For the scripture reads, thus Jesus died on the cross and by means of that death and resurrection, the blessing of Abram came on the Gentiles, leaving the Jews. This transpired in order that the spirit might become available to the Gentiles. Okay, two more quotes from this man church age and we'll go to the next phase. To understand what I've just said is to clear up why students have never found Paul saying at any time be born again and then be spiritfilled. So you might be listening to me reading all this and saying, "Brother Ellison, now I'm getting confused." My point is when you tell young people that the anointing that comes on them is being spiritfilled, you are telling them something. You are not giving them the right experience. Right? They must be Don't even look at it as two separate events. I get that. I understand that you ought to be telling them what the true baptism of the Holy Ghost is. It's not that anointing in the church. It's not that experience in the church. It's a spirit of purpose. It must anoint them with ability. With purpose. And the only ability you are telling them is shouting, screaming, emotions in church. That is not ability. That is just praise and worship. I'm sorry. That's the truth. That's been lying to these young people. And that is the reason why so many are being deluded and now being discouraged in the message. They have inferredities there. They have put their own meanings to it to make it say, but scripture does not say that. Jesus never said it either. Look at John 7:37-39 and read it now with understanding. Okay, here it is. What is it that caused this misunderstanding? Here's the conclusion of it, saints. The answer is experience. We have gone by experience and not the word. Now, I I can remember this from the time I'm a child with every minister saying, "You got to have an experience. You got to have an experience." As if that's the answer to everything. You're never going to have this without an experience. Listen, I preach that, too. You have to have an experience. But the experience that you have is not the answer to unrighteous living. This is the thing. Why are you having this experience? Right now watch what brother M says. We have gone by experience and not the word. Listen [clears throat] to this. Away with experience as your measuring line. There is only one plum line. only one rod and that is the word. So we've been measuring people with experience. It's like forever, you know, my child goes to the altar in church and has an experience, has a crying moment and a they're feeling bad for something they did that is wrong. They're crying before God. That's good. They're repenting in their hearts. That's good. and you come back and then you go and blast it across and send WhatsApps to people and my child hasn't experienced they received the Holy Ghost. they were crying at the altar and you're now taking a personal moment that your child has been having and now uh advertising it to other people and telling them you know this God has done something with my child and then like 6 months later your child is backsliden right brother saying away with experience as your measuring line there is only one plum line only one rod and that is the word. Now watch carefully. Get this. He says, "Peter said, "Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Paul said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" Parents, has your child believed? This is the whole of our problem. Brother Ram is saying right here. People repent of their sins. They get baptized in water, but they don't go on and receive the Holy Ghost. What does he mean? You feel sorry for your sins. You want remission of sins. You want salvation. You believe that Jesus Christ is God. You believe in the blood of Calvary. That's great. You have that experience. But then you don't believe the word for your day. If you don't believe the word for your day, you do not receive the Holy Ghost of promise for your day. You have to believe unto receiving the spirit. Believing on Jesus is the step. Listen, I know this. I I'm working with young people. AND I CAN TELL when they don't believe. They're listening to people at universities. They're still arguing about evolution and abortion and uh people's rights and racism and uh liberalism. And you children in the message questioning whether God exists or God doesn't exist. Questioning whether brother Bam is a true prophet or not or I mean all of these things happening and and they have experiences children in the message coming to church services bored out of their minds sitting in church. They're only attracted when a minister talks about something that interests them. that tickles their fancy. What is going on? And then you tell me they had an experience. You want them to have the Holy Ghost, but you want atmosphere. You want them jumping, shouting, running around, dancing, singing in front, but when they hear the word, they're bored out of their minds. How can you have the Holy Ghost and be bored with the word? Please tell me. Because you have to believe unto receiving the spirit. He says believing on Jesus is the step in the right direction which is towards the Holy Ghost. But the people stop there. They go as far as water and then stop. They believe and then stop. The Bible does not say that you receive that uh that you receive when you believe. It is have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe. The exact literal translation is did you having previously believe receive the Holy Ghost? The people believe then stop. Believe what? You believe Christ, you believe in the blood, you believe in Calvary. This is now this this thing people uh leave the message say, "No, no, we must take people back to Christ, back to Calvary." That's been done before hundreds of years and you end up with denominations and and Christians murdering Christians. What are you saying? You don't receive the Holy Ghost when you believe unto him. Having repented, you go on and receive the Holy Ghost. Brother Ram is saying the same thing over and over again, but he's not explaining. It's our duty as ministers to explain this. Do you see it? That is what is wrong with our fundamentalists. He says they have no power for they stop short of Pentecost. Amen. They don't have the real Pentecost. Paragraph one on page 148. This is the last quote here in this Monan church age. They are like, and he gives us an example, the children of Israel who came out of Egypt and stopped short of the promised land. Now those children of Israel left Egypt about 2 million strong. They all journeyed together, all saw the same miracles of God. All parttook of the same manner and water from the smitten rock. All followed the same cloud by day and the pillar of fire by night. Just like everybody else, following the cloud with the prophet, following the pillar of fire with the prophet. But only two reached the promised land. Only two were true or real believers. That is correct because the word tells us the rest died because of unbelief. Hey people, wake up. Everyone had experiences. Everyone had manifestations. Everyone saw the pillar of fire, pillar of cloud. Everyone had mana from heaven, everpresent water from the rock. But only two of the originals who came out of Egypt entered into the promised land. The rest died because of unbelief. Because of unbelief, because of not going on with the word, they could not enter in. Hebrews 30 uh 3:19. Then since that is so that only two entered when the rest were not true believers. What made the difference? Two stayed with the word. When the hearts of the 10 spies failed at Kdesh Panad, Joshua and Caleb did not stagger for they believe the word. We are more than able to take the land. They knew they could because God had said, "I have given you the land after all those Israelites saw of the power and goodness and deliverance of God which did not enter into rest which is a type of the Holy Ghost." So you can see right now that very few will ever believe all the way to receiving the spirit of God. There it is. Young people, you have to believe all the way to receiving the spirit of God. Not all the way to believing William Brandham is a prophet. Not all the way to believing Jesus Christ died 2,000 years ago and shed his blood. Not all the way to believe that there is a baptism of the HOLY GHOST. NOT ALL THE way to believe that you must shout, jump, say amen in church. Believe all the way in the word to receiving the spirit of God. All right. Before I close this uh sharing window, I want to read one more shocking quote to you. Okay, before I answer the questions, which will be quick, there is a man that can turn on the light. For those of you who haven't read this, this is going to shock you out of your boots. Okay. Paragraph 187. I I've quoted this many times just off-handedly from the pulpit. No. Yes sir. The clean rags or the dirty rags of yesterday. When you read this, brother Maram is calling speaking in a way that can sound really offensive. He's speaking of the experiences of the days past as dirty rags of yesterday. Okay, listen. If you remain that way, it's it's just become dirty rags all the time. It served its purpose as clothing, but now it's become paper. That means the experiences of yester year the those clothes that were used for Martin Luther's time, John Wesley's time, for the day of Pentecost time, they have been worn thin till they are no longer clothing. It's become like paper. They've been dirtied like rags. That's what he's saying, right? Wait for it. Justification served its time in justification under Luther. Then it had to come. Now, we're not saying you cannot you must not be justified. You must not be sanctified. But you cannot live under justification only. You cannot live under sanctification only. Justification, he says, served its time under Luther. Then it became sanctification through Wesley. And sanctification served its time till it become the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now, here's where I said it's going to shock you. And the baptism of the Holy Ghost served its time until the Holy Spirit. See, this is why I preached the Holy Ghost and the Holy Spirit because you have quotes like this which says the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There's brother Brandham making the distinction between the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the person and he uses the word Holy Spirit. The baptism of the Holy Ghost served its time until the Holy Spirit. Did you see that? Justification served its time. Sanctification served its time. Baptism of the Holy Ghost served its time until the Holy Spirit, which there's only one God, blends into the church and the church into Christ and it makes Jesus Christ reflected on earth what he promised here in the Bible. Might not believe it. I can't make you do that. I'm only responsible for the word. Saints, I know there was a lot of reading, but it's going to get to where we answer the questions. What I have been doing all the time is putting things together for the young people, using the words of the prophet to make them understand what he means. Not circumventing what he said, not trying to tell you not to believe what he said, NOT TRYING TO GO AGAINST the two quotes or against the one the scripture from the Bible about no, we've never been doing that. I've been taking all these things put I could not teach a series on the Holy Ghost there in North America. I taught it here in our church. I put all these things together expecting the people to be mature. sadly. So now you need to explain to your people what it means by the baptism of the Holy Ghost served its time until the Holy Spirit blends into the church and the church into Christ bringing Christ reflected on earth. Justification served his time under Luther. Wesley sanctification served his time under Wesley. Baptism of the Holy Ghost served its time in Pentecost until the Holy Spirit blends into the church and the church into Christ. Praise be to God. That's that's what we're teaching saints. This is the revelation we live under. I'm not saying anything the prophet hasn't said. Okay, that brings us to question one. Question one says, I have a question. What is the real baptism of the Holy Ghost? This is a question from a young person from Central Africa. Okay. I I I I don't give you names, but I'm telling you it's a person from Central Africa. I have a question. What is the real baptism of the Holy Ghost that can take me to the rapture or resurrect a sleeping saint? How can I be sure? Saint you know these questions can make me cry because you know they're only have these questions because it is being misrepresented to them from the start. They're being manipulated. They're being controlled by and and something I've learned in this entire uh experience is that these ministers don't even know what Holy Spirit means. They don't understand that holy means consecrated and that it's all relating to purpose and consecrated to the word for this day. It is not something that is a third person in the trinity. It is not another personality in the trinity. It's not something to argue about in the godhead. It's got something to do with God anointing man with the purpose for his day. That's what the Holy Spirit is. And if it's not being taught that way, you're going to produce weak people who are constantly falling. Okay? The real baptism of the Holy Ghost is not a supernatural power that guarantees you a place in the rapture. I'm answering the question. Maybe when you read the quotes that in the message and I know because you go into the message, you can go and type in your in your table or uh whatever search engine you have and and you go look for rapture and holy ghost maybe and you'll see how brother talks about the Holy Ghost bride that takes the rapture. You got to have the Holy Ghost to make it in the rapture. I know the quotes, right? I don't have the time to go and read everything for you, but I'm I'm I'm telling you what it means now. And and you might read those quotes and and and ministers read those quotes who going then preach YOU'RE ONLY GOING TO MAKE IT IN THE RAPTURE IF YOU HAVE THE HOLY Ghost like this young person who is saying I want the right Holy Ghost to take me in the rapture or in other words if I die it will be what resurrects me. Why are they asking this? Because that's what they've been taught. Man, when you read the quotes, it might come across that way, but it's not because the Holy Ghost baptism falls on the just and the unjust. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is needed to fulfill the purpose of God. Right? So, here it is, young person. If you don't have it, here's what's going to happen. You will not fulfill God's purpose for your day. You might be a good Christian. You might be keeping all the message standards, going to church and all that. You will be living as a Christian, but you are living for your own purpose. You are following the message because you want to find someone to marry. You want to have children. You want to be successful in your life. You want to be happy. You want to make sure your wife or your husband is in line with the word. And it's ensuring you a happy marriage. You are just living the life of a message person. You are following Christianity. You are being a good person because it benefits your own purpose. But when you receive the Holy Ghost, it is a purposeful spirit. It is a purposeful nature. It's going to put a zeal in you to do something for God. It anoints you or indwells a man or both for the purpose of God alone, not you, not your life. It's going to it's going to turn your life upside down. It might actually make your wife hate you. It might actually make your children hate you. It This is the difference. The Holy Ghost is not something that's just going to be something to give you happy life where you all sing songs the whole day and have family altars. It's so beautiful and you pray together as a family. You go to church together as a family. No. The Holy Ghost has a purpose for where you live, for the country you are, for the city you are in. It's got a purpose. It's going to light a fire under you to do something for God. And you might be a person who's never ever going to be in the rapture and the Holy Ghost will come upon you to make you do something. Whoa. Where did you get that from, brother Alistister? Well, Balam was anointed by the spirit of God to with the spirit of prophecy for the purpose of God to bless Israel. And yet after that anointing was off him, Balam went off and became a false prophet to work against and circumvent the will of God and uh speak against God's people and and and and uh influenced the Moabitete king to bring Israel under condemnation by getting them to live immoral. Yet that man was anointed with the spirit of God for the purpose of God. That's what I'm saying. The Holy Ghost doesn't care about whether you're living righteous or not living righteous. If it's going to use you, whether you are good or bad, it's got to do with purpose. How much better if you are seed of God and you are anointed with a spirit of purpose to do something for the kingdom. The prophet even says in the Easter Seal, there'll be people, they'll never know it. They'll go right on thinking they're getting the Holy Ghost, being saved, and the rapture will be done over and gone with or over with [laughter] and gone. Right? The simple answer is this young young person. Many people will be baptized with the Holy Ghost, but not all of them will continue on in the word. There are literally people leaving the message who know they have the Holy Ghost because they have gifts. They they dream dreams. They see visions. They speak with tongues. To them they have used that Holy Ghost power is uh is anointing them to do something for the kingdom which God needs them to do. It might even be to keep certain people in a certain place. That's the Holy Ghost using that person because it's a purposeful nature. It's got a purpose behind it. It doesn't care about whether you are seed or not seed. That's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It is not a special baptism. It's simply an anointing giving you ability that you couldn't possess on your own cuz it's not a human ability and it's given for the purpose of God. How can I be sure? Your question is my answer to you is don't stress about it. You don't need to be sure about what kind of Holy Ghost you have, whether it's going to take you in the rapture, whether it's going to resurrect you if you die. Don't stress about it. Just keep believing the word. Stay true to the word all your life. That's what it's about. That's all that matters today. It's all about the word for your day. Don't try to make up reactions or feelings or emotions or act like something you're not. Don't be an actor. Don't in imitate other people. Be true to yourself. Be real. Only believe and let the word govern your life. He promised he will anoint you with power that is necessary for you. Amen. All right, let's bring this to a close with something with the the second and third question. And to me, this is this is of most of highest importance for these young people. Okay, here's the question. There are two question two and three. I've put them together because they uh are relating to the same thing that I'm going to be speaking on. I tell you honestly saints when I read these questions it just makes me cry. You know I've done my fair share of crying alone in my study asking God to help these young people because of the way they've been taught things. It really breaks my heart. Here's a question of a young man. Does the Holy Ghost leave after we sin? There's a young man from India. Now I know that we sin daily every day as brother Brandham talks in Hebrew series but still sometimes I feel that I love the world but at the same time I also know that I love the revelation of the word. Now I want to know how to overcome this and also what it will take to completely purge the worldly lusts diverse lusts of the flesh and completely abiding and resting in the word. Okay. Question three. If I have received the Holy Ghost at a youth camp and had an experience with God, what happens if I backslide or mess up again? Does it mean I am lost beyond restoration according to Hebrews 6 4-6 and Hebrews 10:26? Okay, so those two scriptures, right? Hebrews 6:4-6, "For it is impossible for those who are once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and have tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come, if they shall fall away to renew them again unto repentance, seeing they crucify to themselves uh the son of God, aresh, and put him to an open shame." Hebrews 10:26-29. For if we sin willfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remainth no more sacrifice for sins, but a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation which shall devour the adversaries. He that despised Moses law died without mercy under two or three witnesses. Of how much more sore a punishment suppose ye shall you be thought worthy who had trodden underfoot the son of God had counted the blood of the covenant wherewith he was s san san san san san san san san san san san san san san san san san san san san sanctified an unholy thing and had done despite unto the spirit of grace all right saints I just fellowshipped about this with the saints in Newcastle on Sunday and I said to them have you noticed that there are people in the world, they are great rich men now turning to Christianity, men and women, and they're looking for help. They believe Christianity can help them overcome alcoholism, drug addiction, depression. [snorts] And uh I I said to the church in Newcastle, "Have you noticed that the ones who are letting everybody down are the Christians? Because there are these people who were atheists and now in the world, you know, people like Elon Musk and others who are claiming that they want to know God and they they believe there is a God. They just don't know. It's incredible. These people are billionaires and now they're desiring to be Christians. It it's happening at at an express rate. There are there are people in the United Kingdom where in the UK the young people are becoming alcoholics by the time they are 26 because there's a culture there. You finish work, you go to the pub every day and then Friday to Sunday you drink until you are drunk and then you you only like come right by like Tuesday or Wednesday and then there's a few more days and then you hit Friday again and you're back. By the time it's become a culture there so that the young people by the time they are 26 are addicts. Now they have reached 35 40 years and they've suffered. They are professionals. They are they are lawyers, doctors and you name it. They are professionals. They are rich and they cannot overcome alcoholism. Now they are hearing of their friends who are recovered because they became Christians. Now they all want to become Christians. Why do they want to become Christians? Because they want to give up alcoholism, drugs, depression. They believe it's a quick fix. And many of them are finding victory, right? Not realizing that it is faith that is doing the healing, right? And believing that is actually doing the healing. But they are still going to Alcoholics Anonymous. They are still doing all these other things. Which means at a certain time if they don't continue on into believing the word, they are going to fall back into the very vices they are trying to escape. Now let's bring this to you as believers. These scriptures look like that if you were once enlightened, if you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, if you taste of the heavenly gift, and if you fall away, it's impossible for you to be renewed to repentance. These Hebrews 10 speaks as if if you sin willfully after receiving the knowledge of the truth, there remainance there remains no more sacrifice for sin. there's his judgment. Okay. To explain this, the first thing you need to know is know the nature of God. Simple things in the message. Brother M says, "God does not save you today to lose you tomorrow." My question is, do you really think that Christ, who is God made flesh, came down to deliver mankind and then gives you the Holy Ghost, an anointing to give you purpose, and then you go and backslide or live unrighteously for a moment or even some days that you're you're done for. You're lost. It's over. There's no hope. there's no restoration because that's what these scriptures look like. You you if you read this without revelation, you are going to fall away. I've had young people literally telling me, "Brother Alistister, I've crossed the line. It's over. I've tasted out the heavenly gift. I've trampled on the blood of Christ. It's over for me." And here am I asking them, "But do you believe the word?" [laughter] I'm pleading with them, "Do you believe the gospel? Do you believe the word of God? you believe it, the message to be the truth, then you haven't crossed the line. And they're saying, "But according to this, according to Hebrews chapter 6, according to Hebrews chapter 10, I'm lost because I I've been to the youth camp. I receive the Holy Ghost and then I go mess up a week later or two weeks later or 6 months later and I messed up. That means I'm lost." Right? And this is what makes me cry because they are not being taught right here. Brother Marram says there are quotes. Those who came out of Egypt died in the wilderness. He says they were brought up to the Holy Ghost but never truly received it. There it is. They were given a taste but they were never they never truly received it. In the church ages he speaks about a vision. Brother Brandon speaks about a vision where he sees the sewer who goes forth to sew seed and then someone comes who's dressed in black and um sews evil seed among the in among the good seed and it comes up and the rain falls on the just and the unjust and he said those who fall away were falling away right and he explains it he says though they had the Holy Ghost they were never true seed to begin with that's what he saw Right. But to you young people who believes God's word, if you go off and you you fornicate or you go and and mess up with pornography or something, it's backsliding. Brother man said these people who fall away are not backsliding because they were never seed of God to begin with. That's the message, right? He said to you, he said this, he realized these are quotes. Brother Mam says these this is not backsliding. It's about disbelieving the word. So to answer this question to you, what we're saying to you is and this is not some something to make you feel uh safe. No. All right. Brother Baron says in another place in Hebrews 10, he says um what this means is if you sin willfully that we you those of you receive the knowledge of the truth. He explains this another way. He says when God forgives you, when you ex come to Christ, you accept the blood of Christ, you accept Calvary, you accept the Lord as your personal savior, and you receive salvation, he says God has forgiven you right there for all the sins of your past. But thereafter, everything that you do, you going to pay for. That blood is not forgiving you for what you are going to do that is wrong. This is what people keep doing. People keep claiming and and you get into this false sense of salvation that, oh, every time I make a mistake, I plead the blood of Christ. I plead the blood of Christ. I plead the blood of Christ and he forgives me because I'm still believing in Calvary. No, you came to salvation. You had an experience. He forgives you for your past. You repent of the things you thought that was God before that. He's forgiven you from that. Thereafter you are accountable for every wrong thing, every unrighteousness that you do, every backslidedness that you do, you are accountable for it. Afterward, this is what is missing from the preaching at youth camps is teaching you accountability. That's what we teach you. You are accountable, young people, for what you do. Okay. To you who believes the word, those who leave the message, I want those who leave the message never truly believed it in the first place. I I know this. I I can tell you I told one person, "Brother, you were never really taught the message. You were taught brandism. That's why you're antibrandom because you were you were introduced to brandomism. You became a brandite." I I said to him, I'm not a Brandomite. I never was a Brandomite. I believe the prophet to be the prophet of the last age and the one who God chose to be a part of the opening of the seventh seal. It's a glorious ministry. It's the the greatest thing in my life. But I'm not a Brandomite. I was never sold on stories of William Brandom. I was never excited about God of prophet and and shouting every time or hearing something about this type being a prophet this type. No, I'm more interested in what he said about me becoming Christ in this last day. Right? And so those who leave the message, I'm telling you, never believed it in the first place or they were never introduced to it in the first place. And I believe a lot of them have hope to come back because what they rejected was not the truth. They were not shown the truth. Some of them have. Some of them have rejected it. But maybe they followed it for family sake, financial gain, personal gain or popularity until the popularity runs out. And while they were following it, if they were convinced in themselves through reasoning uh or uh that it was good and that it was true, but then the truth is they were in it because it was working for them and at that time and then they were forced into it by whatever reason, right? The parents forced them, pastor forced them or circumstances forced them. And then when that runs out, when the reason why they were in it runs out, then they are forced to leave it for whatever reason. And and that reason runs out, they feel suddenly, oh been let down and uh they denounce their faith in it and they speak so bombastically against it. You know what happens then is what they don't realize when they do that? They leave. They go on the internet. They fight against the message people. They fight against William Brandham. They they expose it. They expose the churches. They fight against everybody. What they're actually expressing is how weak they were because apparently you were duped into something that was not true. What you're saying is you're a person that can be duped. You were duped. That's what you're saying. You're exposing weakness, right? It's like, for example, saying you fell in love with a girl, you believe she's your soulmate, you married her, you confess she's your soulmate, and then you divorce her after 10 years. So basically, you're a person who doesn't know who your soulmate is. and you're a kind of person who's so easily convinced, you're then going to find another one who you think is going to be your soulmate and uh and it indicates spiritual weakness and you know it. That's why you're so angry about it. Now you're you're going online and you're trying to convince other people about how virtuous you are by demonizing your ex. That's a real thing. That's that's really telling. And they don't realize it. rather just walk away, be happy in your choice, let it go, and you'll be happier. Right? In closing, young people, to answer this question, the answer is accountability. This is what's wrong with when you go to youth camps, youth meetings, and they tell you that you must just receive the Holy Ghost. And that's the answer. No, you must be accountable. This is the problem with Christians today. You don't hold yourselves accountable for the wrongs that you do. You are using the message and the Holy Ghost as a cover up for wrongdoing. When you mess up, the right thing to do as a Christian is afflict your soul. Nobody's teaching you that. Nobody's teaching you that you must afflict your soul. You are SUPPOSED TO FEEL BAD about it. You are supposed to feel rotten about it. YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO COME BEFORE God on your knees crying out and repenting for it. You are supposed to afflict your soul. Go read uh Feast of Tabernacles. Get into the booth and afflict your soul. You and I should be afflicting our soul every single day as a believer for every wrong thing we say, everything we think, every time we get on our knees, Lord, forgive me. I said this, I did this. I was wrong with to do this. The reason why you don't go and correct it. Listen, I don't like apologies. Everybody in my family knows that. To me, apologies are quick fixes. Oh, I'm so sorry. You know that what does that mean? I don't I don't even want an an elder to apologize to me. It's a very awkward thing. What am I going to do if an el if one of these elders who spoke against me or said something about me? I don't even want them to apologize to me. I just want them to understand me so and we can have an understanding and go on being brothers. It's so awkward when you have someone apologizing. What do I say? What do I say to someone who's who says to me? I'm so sorry, brother Alistister. I called you these names. What do I say? I'm stand I'm going to stand there and my lips are going to be like, you know, I don't know what to say. What am I going to do? Hug them and say, "Oh, it's okay, brother. I've I feel like I'm making myself feel so great now that I am absolving them of their sin." It's just an such an awkward thing. Uh that's just how I feel to me. If he's my elder, spoke against me, just forget about it, you know? Go put it right with God. Let's understand one another. Let's live as brothers. Let's shake hands, hug one another, and move on. But the fact is, if somebody afflicts their soul, makes it right with God, that's taking accountability for what has been done wrong, that's what's not being taught. Listen, there are young people who've listened to what I preached and who've taken accountability. There's there's young people who say to me, "Brother Elsa, I'm doing everything. I I am I am changing my phones. I'm changing my laptop. I'm changing this. I'm I I'm I'm finding purpose. I'm doing this for God. I'm preaching. I'm testifying. Uh I I'm I'm doing everything I can for the gospel. I'm I'm I'm doing what you said. That is taking accountability. That is what is necessary. Right? So in closing, saints, I want to reiterate that my concern for young people born in the message is because I have sons, I have nieces and nephews as well as children of many dear friends who are born in the message. I I want to say this to you with the utmost humility. If there is anyone you should get to hear from, it is from me. I have lived this life. I was born in this message. If there's any advice these ministers should be taking for the children born in this message is from me. I know what works. I am what you preached about. I have lived this life. If there's anyone you should hear or hear what I have to say because I know what works for all those people around me who criticize me for not being more emotional or charismatic or not having the spirit. I'll tell you right now, what I've had my whole life is the power and anointing to keep me from fornication, from worldliness, from evil music, from smoking and drinking and carousing with the world throughout my life. And I have been in every situation you can think of. I've been to college. I've been away from home for four years. Three uh three years studying away from my family. Uh, I have been I I played sports. If there's ever ever was a weakness I had would have been sports. I've been uh on sports teams. I've been on school trips. I've lived in the house with a drug addict uh on a on a camp that we had to do, a political camp that we had to do in school in which this guy took me to every single dealer uh because he was my ride home from the school to his home. He I the schools put me to stay with this guy and uh I've been in every single situation you can think of. I've been in situations where there were girls who tried to approach me. I've been to places where um there's a school dance and I'm sitting outside the hall while the dance is going on. I've been through these situations. I have been through I know what works. And I'm telling you, this idea of going to camps where they tell you walk you up into an emotion, I know it doesn't work because all of my friends in the message who went that way fell. Okay? This is why I'm saying to you, I'm not saying this from a place of pride. And I'm not saying this because I have so many friends and people who I admire, people who I have the greatest respect for. Some of them who are ministers who have come out and told me, "This is what I done in my life. This is where I transgressed. This is where I fell. This is what happened to me." And they have come to full restoration. And God has brought them. They are the most wonderful people. When I hear their stories, I just cry buckets because of what I know God has done for them. In no way am I placing myself above those men because I believe the in the work of restoration that God can do in people. So I do not say this from a place of pride. But I'm telling you, if you have children who are born in the message and who are struggling right now, I know what works because I was that a young person born in the message in a pastor's house, having all the guns trained on you, having everything spoke corrected from the time you could walk from the time you were when you were a teenager corrected in everything on your dressing, on your shoes, on your pants, on your shirts, on your hairstyle, on the way you play the piano on every single thing. I've lived this. I can tell you what works. Worship in church that doesn't you. Here's what works. Saints, young people, I'm closing. You need to worship in a church that doesn't teach brandism or that teaches the message as a cage. You cannot be in a church where they teach the message as a cage. This is what brings power. Profess your faith wherever you go. In school, in university, at work, in public. Profess your faith wherever you go. This is what gives you power. I'm telling you what works. Not some anointing in a church camp. This is what works. You are accountable for everything that happens after you receive salvation. It's not a fix all. It's a doing thing. Profess your faith. Your your friends at school, tell them, "No, sorry. I don't do this. I am a Christian." Profess your faith. I don't listen to that music. I'm a Christian. I don't smoke. I'm a Christian. I don't dance. I'm a Christian. I don't go to the Matrix ball. I don't go to Deb's ball because I'm a Christian. I don't listen to that kind of music. I'm a Christian. Profess it and hold yourself accountable to it. They will hold you accountable. Study the word from your youth. Do not stop studying the word right through your life. While you're in in in a university, when you're married, do not stop studying that word. Do not delve in worldly music. Do not become comfortable with worldly friends. Attend every church service you can. You understand? The Holy Ghost is a purposeful nature. It is not a one-time fix all thing. That is a lie. Th this is the right this is not psychology. This is the right thing to do. This is what is going to give you the word inside and the indwelling. If you don't profess your faith, you will never be someone who testifies about the word. If you tell as many people, I know this BECAUSE I KNOW IT WORKS. I've been through it. I've lived this, right? And I'm telling you, if you profess your faith, if you become a witness of the message and what you believe, when your friends question you, I I'm could tell you stories. We will go on forever if I tell you the stories of my life. Eventually, my friends would stand up for me. There were girls in my class, in my school, who would tell other girls from other school, "Don't touch this boy. Don't come near him. Don't ask him to dance. He's not going to do it." They would say to the other girls from the other school, "He's a good boy." Why would they do that? Because I already told my friends in school, I will not date in school. I will never have a girlfriend in school. I said this from the time I got into high school. I will ne and I was in a co-ed school. I will never have a girlfriend in school because I believe I'm only going to have a girlfriend when it's time to be married. I professed it every year of my life. I professed it in school, in university, college, wherever I went. I professed it. The only girl I'm ever going to marry or ever going to date is the one I'm going to marry. That's it. Profess it. hold yourself accountable to it. That accountability is not being taught in the message and that's a problem. So saints, I'll be praying for your children as you pray for mine. I'm I'm going to be as Christ is. I'm not going to judge you. I'm not going to hold anything against you like the like the woman in the street. Go and sin no more. afflict your souls, young people, every day of your lives. Afflict your souls. Go to that Holy Spirit and tell him, "Forgive me. Forgive me for my words. Forgive me for my thoughts." Every single day of your life when you get down to pray. Forgive me, Lord. Hold yourself accountable for every action of unrighteousness. That is what the Holy Spirit respects. And he will lead you into all truth. That is a promise he's made to us. May the Lord bless you. I trust that this is going to help you. I know it's a Wednesday night and it's been long. Um and um of course I didn't expect it to be that long, but I trust that it's going to help your children and I want you to know what my heart is. I'm not here I like I've said to our our church, I feel like I got 10 years left. You know, God willing might even take me away sooner. I don't know. But if I have 10 years left, this is what I'm going to do. Tell the truth, speak what God wants us to say, and help this generation fight their fight that I didn't have to fight. I don't have the the the the uh temptations that they are facing today. And we've got to do all we can. Those of you who are uh adults in this fight with me, we've got to stand together. We've got to be examples for these young people. We can't be teaching them the wrong thing. We we've got to provide the the platform for them. We've got to provide the way. They must know there's a way back. They must know that we are the church here to apply the bomb in Gilead. We are here to help them uh through these situations. But at the same time, when something is wrong, we've got to call it out. And we've got to help them hold themselves accountable and know that we are not their judges. They must be the judge of themselves. And if they can do that, they'll become stronger people. And uh know that none of us are perfect. Every one of us, me, brother Alistister, I'm holding myself accountable every day to God for anything I think wrong or say wrong or whatever. I will check with people that even are close to me. Did I say the right thing? Did I do the right thing here? When do how do I do this? I'm holding myself accountable for the purpose of God because I want to do that which is right. And yet I know I am human. I have failures. I have uh things that are just um that I'm born with that I have to deal with. My race, my culture, my speech, my expressions, so many more things, personal things. So that's what we need to be doing. May the Lord bless you and until we meet again. For those of you, uh, Sunday service will most likely we'll be streaming again. Uh, and, um, we trust that it'll be a blessing to you. May the Lord bless you. Until we meet again, God bless.
