################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-04 - Q&A - The Truth of How to Fast the Right Way - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-11-04
Title:    Q&A - The Truth of How to Fast the Right Way
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 1h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cT210r_fFsM
========================================

Description:
Fasting or Feasting
Wednesday 29 October 2025
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Greetings saints in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Certainly good to be with you this evening and uh thankful to be able to share God's word with you once again. It's always a special privilege to speak to the children of God and we are thankful for the opportunity to do so. So, we uh want to break this this evening from um the series on the book of Genesis, and I'd like to um get into a uh question and answers. Uh so, this will be question and answers 2025 part 7. And um we're going to be dealing with the truth of how to fast the right way. So, it's going to be about fasting um and the subject, the truth about fasting. And for a title, we're going to take fasting or feasting. So, we want to begin with Matthew 6:E 16 for our text and then we'll read the question and then get to the message. So we're going to read Matthew 6:16-18. Says, "Moreover, when you fast, be not as the hypocrites of a sad countenance, for they disfigure their faces that they may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head, and wash thy face, that thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy father which is in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. Amen. The Lord add a blessing to his word. I also want to read the question before we begin speaking. So the question is a few Sundays ago you said if you really take a whole week to fast and pray the right way not traditionally and I tell you just to meditate on what Christ truly is to you and me. It will elevate you to another level of consciousness in this life. And the question is what did you mean by this? Please explain the right way to fast. Amen. So I trust you can see uh where the question comes from and so I would like to get into this question and explain uh what fasting is all about because I didn't realize excuse me the impact the statement would have made. I've been asked this question in similar fashion by a few people. So I put a few questions together to make it one question. The reason I feel the immediate need to answer this question is because I realize that words have consequences and people might hurt themselves if they don't know exactly what I meant. So if I said something like fasting for like 5 days and somebody goes and tries it and hurts themselves or you know uh tries to do something without having the proper guidance or knowledge or wisdom. Uh that's why I mean words have consequences. So I guess the most important question to start with is why is fasting necessary? Now for some folks it may not be necessary but eventually most of us reach a crisis in our lives where we feel like there is no way out and then in desperation we feel it necessary to lay before the Lord and approach him the right way. If we are going through that, if you're going through a tough time or you're going through some heavy trial, you need to know the balance because it is only by knowing the truth about fasting that we can be assured that God will hear us and acknowledge our fast. So, let's make this abundantly clear. The only reason for rituals like fasting, like communion and many other things that have been deemed rituals in uh Christendom. Uh the reason for these rituals being created in the first place were to help those who were weak in the faith. Then if the rituals seem to work by that I mean after many people would do these rituals and then they would gave they would gain a positive testimony they would give this testimony and if it worked during that season of time then people began to place faith in the rituals and then the rituals became traditions and that's how things uh worked and why it evolved into what we have today. Those who created the rituals um make certain that they pass it on to the next generation and then they charge that generation before God that they had better keep it if they wanted good results or if they didn't want something bad to happen to them. But going back to the very beginning uh when fasting was a practice um fasting was not started by God. Fasting was not instituted by God. It was started by God conscious men though. Uh at first it was just something that men of God did when they were called of God to the wilderness to be spoken to by God. And of course, if you're leaving your village or your town or wherever you are and you go off into the wilderness, you're not going to find food easily or water easily. So then they would come back and they would testify that they went many days without food or water. And later it was taken over by all religions. As men became more learned, more educated, they began to teach scientific reasons for fasting. They found out that there were health benefits to fasting on a day of the week or maybe a few days. And they found that um they claimed that fasting allows the body to become one with the soul. It became something of philosophy and became a practice among religions of the earth that were not even uh Jewish or Christian. Right? And uh eventually fasting became part of something called meditation. Now knowing that it occurs in all religions, you cannot say it is exclusively a Christian thing. So what we can confirm is that it was a human behavior started for some reason which we can only speculate about. Right? So the best we can know is that humans figured out that for um um for treatment of some diseases they had to stay away from food until they were better. Another reason was that they had to learn to conserve food maybe for as long as possible. And um they found that fasting caused people to be still and lose uh uh energy but also use up less energy. If you were not eating and drinking and you were abstaining from uh the world or from people and you tend to be still, you tend to be calmer and so on. So it was actually a good form of control. Sometimes for villages if the holy men of villages or witch doctors or religious men of the villages would would actually see that it would be beneficial to teach the village to fast maybe one day in a week. And they found telling them it was a religious thing, it was a spiritual thing but in the meantime they're just conserving food. So, and sometimes, especially when food is in short supply during certain seasons in a different part of the world, instead of telling them we need to conserve food, they could tell them, you know, the gods require you to do to do this. So, religious tribal leaders would have to make up stories from the gods as to why the people needed to fast in the hope of getting more food later. So of course then comes the uh psychological effects and um this became a problem. So um tribal leaders witch doctors and spiritual men they were not ready for the psychological effects of long-term fasting uh and and the the effects it would have on people. So um it started off well you know this was conserving food this was teaching people discipline but then these um as they experienced more and men would try to fast for longer you know if you if you tell somebody that fasting puts you closer to God and then you get you know ambitious people say all right I want to be closer to God I want to extend my fast I want to go several days and so the these tribal leaders and and religious men did not know the psychological effects and they were about to experience it over time. So they realized with experience that not eating food and not drinking water for extended periods caused drops in blood pressure, sugar levels and therefore energy levels. and the brain releases more norepinephrine uh and cortisol which raises stress levels. So when that happens it first causes headaches and irritability which then get the person to search for food for comfort and if not controlled leads to violence and criminal thoughts and tantrums. So to break it down very simply, if you starve a child for a whole day, the child becomes seriously misbehaved or terribly behaved. Uh over time, if you starve a person longer, they start to become ravenous, violent, and this animal nature breaks out in them, and they'll they'll do crazy things just to get food. So what I'm explaining to you is the biological and and psychological effects of abstaining from food for long periods. So if you can contain people while they are in a fast and you can contain them till they are past that point of terrible stress then they start to slow down even more and they enter a meditative state. All right. So men who eventually learned this learned that they could even control people this way. So it's completely biological, right? The brain switches the body into eating its own protein first, which then decreases muscle mass and then even labor's heart muscle. So then this healthy brain realizes that there's danger and it switches to the to eating up the body's fat storage and realizing that energy is not being brought into the body and start it starts to secrete enzymes in the brain to psychologically preserve the life of the body. Why am I telling you this? because it causes the person to switch from the reasoning and logical part of the brain and causes the creative part of itself to become more active. Again, why am I telling you this? Because after more extended period of fasting, uh people start to feel more spiritual. They begin to dream more. You remember your brain is sensing a panic in the body. You you went past a period of hunger. You went past a period of desperation. You start to slow down. The body start to feel panic. The brain switches from the reasoning and logical to the creative part. And when you switch to the creative part, you start to have dreams. You start to hallucinate. And the people will start having spiritual experiences which they claim to be real. They start seeing things. And they will speak strange things and not respond properly to people. And that's what happens when and you can see that in places where there are real povertystricken countries that are gone through maybe a famine or drought and they haven't eaten in days and they start to see things. They start to um think on a more creative uh manner. It's it's the body's way of protecting uh the brain and the body. Now, 4,000 years ago, people thought this was their god coming upon a person where after some days of abstinence, they start to become more spiritual and start to hallucinate, start to see things. They thought the god was coming upon the person and taking over their vessel. And a person could fast for long periods and receive messages from the gods apparently. And uh the person that received those messages was deemed to be a very spiritual person and became wellresected in villages. And um as man developed and societies became better and sourcing food and defending themselves from invaders and fending for themselves, they realized there was no longer need for fasting. So it began to disappear as countries became wealthier like today and societies learned uh dependence uh on one another and peace was kept in the world over the last few hundred years. Fasting became something only kept by religious people because of tradition. So what am I saying? Most people in the world don't care about fasting anymore. which doctors themselves are picking up a lot of weight. They don't seem to be uh uh fasting much anymore. So I would say it's only in the last uh few decades that people have become interested. I I would say from what I've seen on the internet and uh YouTube and you know news reports and so on is that in the last decade or or so scientists uh studies on health and and and they've showed the benefits of short-term and long-term fasts to help people with weight loss. I think I don't think there's many people in the world today who have not heard the term intermittent fasting and so they've been discussing these things and the healing from diseases and and uh healing from depression and other behavioral things. Right? So, but you need to understand that fasting for certain amount of time actually causes psychological and biological effects that are very very crucial to understand when you mix it up with religion. All right. So, I want to read a quote um and I want to um just show you some things the prophet speaks about. Right. So we'll we we're going to get to the positive uh effects uh first and then we'll get to some other things and then also the negative effects. So if we look at Israel and the church part two paragraph 183 he says God shake this little old church like never before. May the Holy Ghost get a hold of every person here. Cause them to fast and pray and lay on their face day and night screaming out Lord until the oldfashioned revival breaks out here uh Lord and sweeps. So he's praying all out through here sends in an oldfashioned time that'll bring men and women back to God. Granted, Father, for we ask it in Jesus name. All right. So um in this time the prophet was praying that people would fast to become more desperate to reach out and desire to make contact with God. uh holiness had become so far from the church and fasting was definitely a solution for someone who is weak in faith and wants to become close to God. Um they would say you need to fast and pray. If you remember in the Pentecostal churches, of course, they would take this the scripture where um you know the disciples came to Christ and said these demons are not listening to us and you know they were complaining and uh he kind of told them well if you if you want to go out and cast out devils you better fast and pray right so I'm just paraphrasing it but so they took that the Pentecostal church took that and they made it a thing where if they were going if if they were called upon someone to do some to do some exorcism or something, then they would put themselves under a fast. And unfortunately, the Bible doesn't really tell them how long, what you should do, because he was speaking to a generation at the time that knew what fasting was. This generation 2,000 years later does not know. They assume that they know, and they cause themselves whole loads of trouble. All right. So, but for somebody who is weak in faith and at the time that he was speaking, there was a way of fasting for that person and that's the part that where we need wisdom is there is a way of fasting for someone who is weak in faith faith for them to increase their faith. There is a way there needs to you need to specifically know how to fast when you are weak in faith. All right. I want to share another quote with you to show you the contrast of uh spirituality today in uh the Christian churches and it's it's really shocking and I like that the prophet says this in the message conferences he says we notice one thing that when a man when men have conferences of the nations they get together and they find a big place and they feast and they have great dinners and they sit at the table and they have social drinks sociable drinks and they get ready and they uh go out from there to try to accomplish what they have selected in their minds to do. How different it is from God's conferences. Listen to this saints. Men don't come together in God's conferences to eat. They come together to fast and to pray and to receive orders and go forward with it. Amen. So here I find a major failing among God's people today and among Christian churches today. Everything seems to be more about food and celebration instead of consecration and communication with God. I mean you it's almost as if you can't organize an Easter convention without there being a priority on food. You can't uh um organize a Christmas convention or any convention or combined meeting or anything uh where children of God get together but you have to um feed them and if the food isn't right then they are unhappy and then they're they're miserable and they're complaining against the leadership. And look at what he says. When men of God come together it's not about food. It's about fasting, right? But you can't tell Christians that today, right? Notice at [clears throat] at our gatherings among Christian churches, even spiritual ones, how the people look forward for the preacher to finish up quickly because they uh can get to the food. They they're hungry. They're thinking about the food. And our spiritual gatherings among Christian churches today should never place more emphasis on food. If it were a fast, it would be more beneficial. But in today's world, if you had to tell people, uh, please come to the meetings, there's going to be a fast, you'll probably have less than half the crowd you would normally expect. All right, so um, let's have a look at this subject of personal fast. And I'm going to share with you another quote in the message perseverance. He says, "Today I was sitting in the room. We had usually Fridays a fast day for me." So I want you to see what the prophet says. Usually Fridays a fast day for me. I don't eat on sometimes Tuesdays and Fridays till sometime in the afternoon. Just a little. That's not a regular fast. That's just a couple of days a week. So, for those of you who can see, the prophet actually did intermittent fasting, like sometimes Tuesdays and Fridays. I don't know why it's Tuesdays and Fridays. You don't have to make a tradition out of it, please. Um, but he kind of did intermittent fasting of some sorts. And I don't know if he even knew that term, but anyway. He says that's not a regular fast. That's just a couple of days a week to fast. So, now watch this. So a long fast comes in more days when the Lord puts it upon you. So you don't decide this, right? And he says, but that's just in respect in honor of God's great memorial to us, the fasting, a command. So after 3:00, usually I have a little something light. Now notice after 3:00, he means 3:00 in the afternoon, right? So here he speaks about a personal fast. If you do something personal that is between you and God and its purpose is to honor God for his word and your salvation and it it's an amazing thing to do and it can be so beneficial for your spiritual walk but one should never do it unless you are mature in the word. This kind of fast where it goes on for a lengthy period several days maybe. Here is the wisdom. Do not do those fasts if you are not a mature person. And I mean mature in the word. Right? There needs wisdom here. Your fasting time. Here's another thing. Do not succumb to peer pressure. U churches shouldn't be telling people, "All right, this Tuesday we're going to go on a fast this Monday or something like that. We're going to go on a fast for so many hours and this is what we're going to do. We're going to lay this out." If there's wisdom behind it and it's reasonable, you know, a couple of hours and there's there's something set for the people to do, I suppose it's okay. But fasting long periods of time should not be set by anyone. The time should not be set. It is between you and God. And nobody other than those who live with you should actually know about it. And the reason why those who live with you should know about because they should respect that you are fasting and uh not do things to interrupt that because it should be seen as something that you have you are consecrating yourself before God. So in other words, there should be no psychological pressure of any kind from anybody spiritual or church leadership or anybody making sure you do you do it so others would like there shouldn't be a situation where you are making sure others know that you are fasting like the way you put it up on social media. So we're fasting today and we're doing this from this time and that time. The moment you make it public, you put pressure on other people. Okay, they're fasting. We should do this, too. And that's like group think. That's not something spiritual. That's not something where it's something between a person and God. That's like keeping up with the Joneses or, you know, because those people are fasting, they're going to become more spiritual. We need to catch up with them. It's ridiculous. It's how humans think. It's immature. And unfortunately, that's what happens. And I believe there's wisdom in the word that's telling you don't go around telling people you are going to fast. Keep it private. However, this kind of fast uh should not be a long fast, right? It should be as much as you can handle or else you are going to bring a reproach upon the word. And it must not be a tradition. It must have one purpose to it. Right? There must be a purpose to your fast. All right, I want to show you this beautiful, absolutely beautiful quote. And to me, this is uh I would say the foundation, the anchor, the the central theme of fasting. And uh it's where my title comes from, the message paradox, paragraph 76. And I took this Bible and just pulled it open like that. and my thumb was laying at 1 Corinthians the 5th chapter the 8th verse when something reads something like this when you come I was planning on taking a fast to the Lord I told him I'd go out and fast said when you come to this feast right he was reading and now watch what he says which a fast in the body is a feast with the Lord we know that so when you come to this feast don't come with the old leaven or the leaven of malice and so forth that come with the unleven bread of sincerity and truth. Just exactly what he told me in the vision. Come, God is my solemn judge. Come with the unleven bread of sincerity and truth. That is the word. Then I seen what he meant. Saints, a fast with in the body is a feast with the Lord. This is the truth about fasting. And this is the problem with people because this is where they fail. Fasting is a feast of the word. It's not abstinence, right? Uh and that's what it should be seen as. So if you're saying you're going to fast, what you're actually saying is I'm going to feast on the word. So it's not a time for you to beg and plead with God for something you need. You shouldn't be fasting for those reasons. It's not a time to beg God to help you cast out a devil. Neither is it time to set a test for God. Lord, I'm setting a test for you. I'm going to fast before you. I'm setting a fleece and so on. No. And not just and not just eat the word as in, you know, I'm going to fast. I'm going to read my Bible. I'm going to, you know, randomly going to turn over into Psalms and read as as much verses as I can. No, it's not just eat the word. It's feast on the word. It's eat as much as you can. It's indulge yourself. It's celebrate the word. Uh when that comes upon you, the desire when that that desire to feast on the word comes upon you, the then the desire for natural necessities and it decreases you. You don't desire natural food. And you know um I find that very often when I'm studying here in my study and I'm I'm uh into a subject and I lose track of all time. I lose track of um that I've missed my 10:30 coffee or you know and I'm missing lunchtime and I was hungry and then I'm looking at my I'm um I'm usually looking at my watch but then when something is taken over and I'm engrossed in the word and I'm just enjoying it then I lose track of it. I forget that I'm hungry. I forget that I'm thirsty and then after I'm done it all comes crashing back. Right? So I'm just telling you this is an experience that when you feast on the word you lose track of time you lose desire for anything natural. Now, how powerful that would be for any Christian. uh you know if you could feast on the word. If you gave yourself if you gave yourself to the word, you know, give yourself um a day like that once in a while, you know, knowing that with the abundance of spiritual food that we have in messages in the Bible and, you know, brothers who preach and things on um messages that are recorded. I mean, our fasts in 2025 would be the greatest ever, right? And I would encourage men, especially young men, when you're not married and you don't have children, you don't have cares of the world like us married men do, you know, and especially to do this as leaders of your homes. if you are married, if you're a pastor, if you're if you're a deacon, you're you're some leader to have times of consecration where you feast with the word. I'm not even saying go deprive yourself of food or go lock yourself away in the mountains. No, I'm just saying that it's so important in this day for men of God to feast on the word. This is what's lacking in today's world. Okay. So, I want to talk about the result of a fast. And the result of any fast before God should result in only this. Are you listening? The result of your fast must be that you become stronger in faith after your fast and stronger in the Lord no matter what the fast is about. So if there was a matter you were bringing up to God, if there's a need in your life, if you're going through a trial, whatever it is, the person who is fasting must become stronger in the faith and in the Lord, no matter what the fast is about. If not, if you finish your fast and you're not stronger in faith, then the fast was not a true fast and God was not in it. That's a problem. All right. So, let's go to um scripture. I'm going to read a scripture for us um that's in 2 Samuel 12. 2 Samuel 12:15-23. And this is um a little story of David when he lost his child um through Ba Sheba, the first child through Bath Sheba. Verse 15. And Nathan departed unto his house. That's Nathan the prophet. And the Lord struck the child that Uriah's wife bear unto David, and it was very sick. David therefore besought God for the child, and David fasted, and went in and lay all night upon the earth. That means he was lying on the ground, and he fasted. And the elders of his house arose. That means servants and people who were taking care. The um the head servants of the house went to him to raise him up from the earth. But he so it means they were trying to pick him up and he would not neither did he eat bread with them. He refused to eat uh anything they prepared. And it came to pass on the seventh day that the child died. And the servants of David feared to tell him that the child was dead. For they said, "Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spoke to him. We spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice. How will he then vex himself if we tell him the child is dead?" So, in other words, you know, while the child was alive, we tried our best and he wouldn't listen to us. What would happen if the if we tell him now the child is dead, we'd rather just leave him alone. Verse 19 says, ' And when David saw that his servants whispered? David perceived that the child was dead. Therefore, David said unto his servants, "Is the child dead?" And they said, "He is dead." Then David arose from the earth and washed and anointed himself and changed his clothes, his apparel, and came into the house of the Lord and worshiped. Uh then he came to his own house. And when he uh required they set bread before him and he did eat and they prepared food. So he washed himself. He put on perfume, put on new clothes, went off and first thing went into the house of the Lord, worshiped, then went to his house and they prepared food and he ate. Verse 21. Then said his servants unto him, "What thing is this that thou hast done that thou did fast and weep for the child while it was alive? But when the child was dead, thou does rise and eat bread?" And he said, "While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept. For I said, Who can tell whether God will be gracious to me that the child may live?" I love this because he's not demanding of God, "Lord, please make my child better. You have to. I'm asking you and you have to I've served you for so long. I've done this. I've done that. No, his his statement is I fasted. Who can tell whether God would be gracious? Right? He was asking if it were possible for God to do do this. Right? Verse 23. But now he is dead. Wherefore should I fast? Can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me. All right. So this is um you know David's baby is born to Ba Sheba becomes ill as the Lord prophesied because of David's adultery and the murder of Uriah the Hitittite. So when David saw how serious this illness was, he fell to the ground. Uh he never moved from there but fasted and prayed 7 days. Now watch that. It's a long fast, right? And he's doing this while the child is ill. And then the child dies. And of course, you you remember the servants, of course, scared to tell David. They eventually tell him uh and David uh perceiving the child died. Asked them, of course, and they told him. Then he he wakes up. He he rises from the ground, washes himself, anoints, puts some perfume, makes himself smell nice, uh, worships in the in the tabernacle, goes home, eats, and the servants are amazed, right? They expected him to have fasted when the child died, and they questioned him. So, just to just to reiterate that, I just want to show you this again. um to um reiterate what he said to them. Uh and I think it's just important. 1 Samuel 12 2020 20 uh 22-23. While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept for I said, "Who can tell whether God will be gracious to me?" Who can tell? So you analyze those words, it's like the Bible uses the word per adventure. So I fasted in the hope that God would heal the child. Why is he doing this? Because Nathan had already told him this was going to happen. [sighs and gasps] So the reason for him fasting, I mean if Nathan hadn't told him, he would have just been praying, but he kind of knew that this was prophecy and he was fasting to intercede on the child's behalf to kind of change the mind of the Lord. That's incredible. Verse 23, but now he is dead. Wherefore should I fast? So the servants were more like saying, "Hey, look, why did you give up when the child died? If anything, when the child died is the time you should be fasting, you know, that's more of a serious time to fast because you can now ask God to raise the child from the dead, right?" Okay, that's usually when people see more logic in fasting, when you're in desperation. So he was saying that if God wanted child to live, he would have heard him during the fast and healed the child. So he's saying there's no point fasting for the child to be raised from the dead because it was not God's will. He already recognized if God had taken the child's life that he knew what God's will was. This is the thing, saints. This shows maturity to understand the workings of God and to respect the ways of God. He knew the prophecy and yet he fasted hoping that God would change his mind. So what good did the fasting do? Think of this. So he's fasting for 7 days. To his servants, they would think, "What a waste of time. He should have spent time with the child. He should have been at the child's bedside. He should have been speaking to the child, comforting the little baby, comforting the mother. Instead, he stayed there and the child died anyway. After 7 days, he wasted his time. All right? So, remember what we told you. No matter what, what is the purpose of the fasting? Should it should strengthen the believer to make him stronger in the faith, right? How did this fast benefit David? The fasting strengthened him for the child's death. So when the child died, he had drawn closer to God. And it was part of his repentance and his retribution for murdering Uriah the Hitittite. He knew it, right? He was a real son of God. The fasting strengthened him because he was closer to God. It strengthened him and he knew this is my payment. He accepted it uh during the fast. He regained his faith. It was part of his repentance. And though it looked like he lost the child, he lost the battle. He had strengthened his faith. He had regained his faith in God. So by the end, it caused David to remember who he was and he accepted that what was happening was for his own good. Sometimes saints, the answer you are going to get in your fasting is no. And you will only be able to accept no as an answer if you are a true son of God. All right, let's go to the negatives of fasting. Uh, and let's read a quote there. So the negatives of fasting, let's read from enticing spirits paragraph of 111. There's nothing in the word tells you to have a 40-day fast. Not a thing. Nothing in the world telling you to fast less God would tell you. In other words, unless God would tell you. So, um, if you're going to fast for long periods, God must bring it on you. That's what he's saying. If you fast, you ain't going to get hungry and go all these things. So, if God brings the fast on you, that kind of fast, you're not going to get hungry. You're not going to lose faith. You're not going to have all these weird things happening to you. After your fasting, brother, you'll be joy and happy all the time. Just like David, wash his face, wash his body, anoint himself, go straight to the temple, worship God, then go home. Sit. Don't appear before men like hypocrites do. This is Christ who said this with a long sad face. I'm on a 40-day fast. My plates won't fit me anymore. I've lost 30 pounds. They're They told me I look better after this is over. Oh, nonsense. It's enticing spirits of the devil. My so this is where the wisdom of fasting comes in saints. Um nowhere in the word does it tell you that you must go on long fasts, right? Uh and then fasting u if it's done the right way must not weaken you especially in the faith. You must not become uh driven by hunger while you are feasting on God's word. The the fast should produce joy and happiness. And when the fasting is over, right, uh you should be so filled with faith and joy and rejoicing and celebration before God. You must you must feel victorious. That's how you must be. You must not be like a you know wilted drooping flower of just depressed and walking around begging for attention. Please saints, another thing, do not fast to lose weight. Do not go on spiritual fast before God and combine that with your weight loss routine. Please don't make a mockery of God by doing this. That's the wrong motive. If you are doing intermittent fasting to lose weight, go and do it. Don't include God's word in there. All right? Don't combine it with God's word to make it spiritual. This is having an impure heart and God hates that. Right? Um let's look at another quote from the message the inner veil. Um, beautiful message and brother Ram says intervail. Christianity is not something and these are the these are the words of wisdom that I speak about so often when I'm preaching and you know this I just I just say these things to you and I know a lot of people think I'm making it up but I'm not. Right? Listen to what faith should be. God's not one you have to beg and cry and plead and watch this and fast and starve and everything like that to get to. Certainly not. Then he says, "I'm not degrading a fast." But watch what he's saying. God's not someone you have to do all of these like extreme things to get to. He says, "But here, not long ago, a man wrote a book on fasting. My women come into the meeting, men who went on these fast that were insane. They went just because the book said to fast 40 days, some of them with false plates, their teeth would drop out. Oh my goodness. And their their eyes would sink back and mothers to be women to be mothers, their little ones, as you understand, they would be completely, in other words, they would miscarry. They would completely go mentally out and be taken to the institutions. Many of them come in that condition. Brother Ram says, "I believe in fasting certainly, but when you fast, you don't hunger. Jesus after he had got through fasting, the Bible said he was hungry." God puts a fast on you. You don't put it on yourself. He certainly captured the woman. The man did that wrote the book when he said put a picture of a woman there. She looked 20 years younger and said after the fast you ought to have seen her then just about a year later what she looked like after that. [laughter] I think if you understand him he's saying after that you know speaking they must have blown up to you know more than they were before that. Certainly you don't do that. You don't do things by works. It's by grace. God in sovereign grace. Amen. So saints, we do not go on long fasts to plead and beg [laughter] and cry before God. If you do fast to inquire something of the Lord, it must be a short fast, right? Only God should put a long fast on you. That would be for a very strong reason that you would know about. It's not something randomly just comes upon you. There's a reason. There's a purpose to it and you will know about it. There's a there's a focus in you about that fast. You cannot and should not do it yourself. You may you may defeat the purpose of the fast. And something you need to realize, every person who ever fasted, when they came out of the fast, they were hit with an immediate temptation. They were hit with an immediate trial. Go and check it out scripturally, right? Including Christ. The tempter came the moment the fast had ended. So what I'm saying is because you are bodily weak, spiritually you are strong but mentally also weak, the first thing you're going to be hit with is a fifthdimensional uh challenge, right? So if you did not fast the proper way and you were not filled with the word during the duration of your fast, how are you going to cope with the fifthdimensional challenge? Our Lord was only was hungry when he was done fasting. But during the fast, his strength in the word was able to make him defeat the enemy when he had finished the fast in a time of physical weakness. The enemy would even tell him, "Turn these stones into bread." Right? Okay. So, don't fast for hidden agendas. Don't try long fasts unless God brings it upon you. Amen. Let's go to another quote here. Um, enticing spirits again 111a. Enticing spirits versing the word of God. Let loose. Let go. How do you do it, brother Brandham? Just let go. That's all you have to do. Take God's word. Don't try to work up nothing. Don't go down at the altar and beat and holler, "Lord, give me the Holy Ghost. Lord, give me the Holy Ghost." He ain't coming with you beating on the altar. That don't do you no good. Know that the way he comes, it's taking him at his word. Look at Peter. He says, Peter was in a trouble. Looked like he was going to die. And he seen the Lord come walking on the water. And he said, "Lord, if that be you, bid me come." And the Lord said, "Come on." Now, he said, "If Peter said, now wait a minute, Lord, let me go on a 40-day fast to see if I can walk on that water or not. Oh, Lord, let me go get enough spirit on me that I can dance in the spirit and speak in tongues in this boat, then I can step out." Of course, he's dramatizing. No, sir. He took God at his word, let loose, and let go, and God took him through. Amen. Saints, you don't fast to get faith. If you want to if you want to discuss fasting, here is a statement. Take it home, print it out, stick it on your wall. Don't fast to get faith. You need faith to fast, to become stronger in faith. So, if you don't have if you're weak in faith, don't go fasting. You need faith too fast. You cannot get humanly worked up and and expect God to acknowledge that. God's not going to acknowledge your request or your thoughts if the more worked up you get. Right? And this is what people try to do today. The more you jump, the more you shout, the more you scream, the more you cry, the more you do this, you really think God is going to be more influenced by human emotions? Obviously not. The only thing God looks for is faith. Notice long fasts of 40 days and 40 nights without any food or water can only be if God comes upon you and has instructed you to come to him to do something or the other. And that will only happen if if you have [clears throat] entered into the atmosphere of God himself. The purpose of God even doing this making you go on a 40-day fast and you know will be to bring some important word to the church. Many people in this life can claim to have meditated without food or water for endless days. It doesn't mean a thing if God didn't put it on you. It just means you are a very strong willed person and you can go for many days without food or water. That doesn't mean every person can do that. So if you look at uh and I don't mean to pick on them this way, but if you look at the Muslim people who go through the Ramadan period, you know, maybe at at some time long ago during the time of their ancestors, there was some honor to it. But nowadays it's such a mockery. It's such a disgrace. I you know they fast from sunrise to sunset and when the sun sets they eat like man like they never saw food before. I I don't even know how they subject the wives to be making food throughout the day. I don't know how those wives not break their fast while they're preparing a feast for every evening. Right? And this is the reality. I know because I've got friends here who are Muslims. I know what they tell me. I know what they tell us when it comes time to break fast, man. They eat and they eat like through the night. Um and then I mean anybody can do that. If you're going to eat that much, what's the point? 40 days fasting. Where's the spirituality behind it? I don't know. &gt;&gt; [gasps] &gt;&gt; So the 40-day and 40 night fast in the Bible were only accomplished by three people and all these times it was supernatural. Okay, let's read some scripture. Um let me share this with you. Exodus 34:28-30. So you're going to see this with Moses. He was there with the Lord 40 days and 40 nights. He did neither eat bread nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant the ten commandments. And it came to pass when Moses came down from Mount Si with the two tables of testimony in Moses' hand when he came down from the mount that Moses whisp not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him. And when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses, behold the skin of his face shone. and they were afraid to come near him. Now I want you to notice, right? It doesn't say after 40 days, 40 nights, this man was withered and you know he he was uh he looked starving. He came back and his his skin on his face was shining and he was in his holy atmosphere of God and the outside world ceased to exist to him and when he came out from there he was still covered by the pillar of fire. Uh you know so never seek to do this or achieve this by yourself. If you try it is a demonic attribute to desire that because why are you doing this? If you're just doing this for yourself, there's some other kind of spirit trying to convince you to do this. Be very, very careful. Let's go to Deuteronomy 9:11. And it came to pass at the end of 40 days and 40 nights that the Lord gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant. So notice God gave him the the commandments only at the end of the fast. During the fast, what was God doing? God was teaching him the law, communing with Moses, revealing the law. I want you to draw from this, right? Revealing the law to his mind. Okay? So, this is the first time. In verse 25, there's a second time he he goes in another 40-day fast. He says, "Thus I fell down before the Lord 40 days and 40 nights as I fell down at the first because the Lord had said he would destroy you." Right? So the second fast was to intreat God for the people. He was interceding for them because God said he's going to destroy them. So here he's not even doing this for himself. He's doing this for the people. And this was like the same anointing that was on the savior. This was a type of Christ. No one should try to do this for anyone else. Don't do this for your wife, for your children, unless you are willing and able to lay down your life for them. Right? Let's go to First Kings 9:7 to8. And the angel of the Lord came again the second time and touched him and said, "Arise and eat because the journey is too great for thee." And he rose and did eat and drink and went in the strength of the meat 40 days and 40 nights unto Horeb, the mount of God. This is Elijah who was found weak in faith because Ahab was chasing him. The angel brought him strength by the word which gave him so much of faith that he didn't need food for 40 days and 40 nights. Right? So when the word strengthens you, you can fast for longer periods. Then look at Christ. It says Matthew 4:1-2. Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. And when he had fasted 40 days and 40 nights, he was afterward and hungered. All right? So with Christ, the spirit put the fast upon that body and that the body would be tempted of the devil. And God knew that the body would be tested and the body would be would be found faithful in the end. If God knows you are going to be tempted, he may put a fast on you to strengthen you so that you would overcome because he knows there's a challenge coming. But also for Christ to be identified with Moses and Elijah because Moses and Elijah of the Old Testament were actually the types of Christ back then, right? So you could see uh you can see in Zechariah Christ is the candlestick on either side the two olive branches and from them the golden pipes that come into the the um the the candlestick. They are who are the other two witnesses Moses and Elijah who are the Old Testament type of Christ ministry. If Christ was going to be 40 days and 40 nights in the wilderness, so was Moses and Elijah going to be the same. All right, here's more wisdom. Let's look at another quote here from the message Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Um, where are we? Here we are. Jesus Christ, yesterday turn for any man or woman that ever make real warriors in the kingdom of God is perfectly unconscious to their faith. Who? That's something to speak of. unconscious to their faith. That means you're not trying to work things up. You're not trying to think about how you just act. That's what it means, right? You keep trying to test your faith. Wonder if you got faith enough to do this. Have I got faith enough? Don't test your faith. God said so. Do it anyhow. God said so. Have you ever tested your look at these simple examples? Have you ever tested your faith whether you had enough faith to come to the meeting or not tonight? Did you test your faith to see if you had enough faith to eat your supper tonight? Have you ever tested? Do you think you'll have to fast a while and test your faith to see if you got enough faith to drive your car home? Certainly not. It's just automatically you believe it. In other words, trusting in God, acting upon God's word should be as easy as eating your supper, uh, driving your car to work and back. You don't think, you just do. That's what he means. You're unconscious of it because you believe so much in in his word, right? And that's the way you believe healing. He says, believe anything God said, just don't fight at it and shake at it and rebuke the devil every minute. Watch this. Don't go rebuke the devil. Just accept it and go on. See people. They they asking for healing and they go to a prayer line and they go in your altar calls and they ask for prayer and then thereafter they go away and they're rebuking the devil every minute every day. Rebuking the devil. Rebuke. Don't do that. Just believe. Just accept it and go on. He says that's it. There's nothing to be alarmed about. God said so. That settles it. So, we just go ahead knowing it's going to happen. Just forget about it. God said it. That proves it. I believe it. That settles it. That's all you have to do. All right. Let's read uh Psalm 69:10-12. All right. When I wept, this is this is David speaking. And chasened my soul with fasting. Chastened my soul with fasting. that was to my reproach. I made sacloth also my garment. I became a proverb to them. They that sit in the gate speak against me and I was the song of the drunkets. My all right saints in the old days people like David right who fasted um or went on fast like that would were often despised by other people could see the pain during a fast because that's what it meant in those days afflicting one's soul and they were like look at this guy's sacroth and ashes and staying away from look what he's doing to to himself. You remember what those people were doing to Job? Same thing. Look at them and they look at you with pity and oh my goodness, what a mess. What a awful sight, right? That's how people are. And he, David said, was to his own reproach. He brought it upon himself. He became a proverb to people. People started looking at him and philosophizing about him. So as time went on, the the priesthood and men who claimed to be holy made fasting fashionable uh just like it is today. You know, it's a it's a thing we are doing. We are announcing it. We are looking at the stars and the moon and the sun and this is the auspicious time and so on. Oh my goodness. It became a way of gaining high spiritual status. One would appear very holy if you were able to fast. And watch those people who claim they're going on fast. They tell everybody, they advertise it. They put it on WhatsApp groups. I'm fasting today saying pray for me and we are doing this and we're doing. Don't do that. Right? So often times it became a way of gaining high spiritual status. But sometimes Christ would even honor their fasting that they did because he he noticed their sincerity. He knew they were most likely even faking it and were just putting on a sad face to show afflicting of the soul. So Christ taught that one should never reveal the pain of fasting to eliminate hypocrisy. Right? So he's he's teaching you wisdom during your fast. Don't do these things. Right? So let's go back to Matthew chapter 6 that we read in the beginning and see what he says. Right? The the theme here is don't fast before men. What does that mean? Don't ever let them know that you are fasting. Keep it secret and always appear as if I'm absolutely fine. There's no problem here. I'm not starving. I'm not weak. I'm not going through some miserable. Keep it to yourself. When you're fasting, appear as if you are not fasting to people. [laughter] That's incredible. All right. So, I want to show this. I I want to read this again because to me, this is where the failure is among people. Moreover, he says when you fast, be not as this is Matthew 6:16-18. Be not as the hypocrites. That's a strong word of a sad countenance. Oh, praise be to God. Saints, today we are fasting. We are fasting from sunrise to sunset. Please bear us in prayer and you know uh be with us or join us uh in prayer. We're going to be praying and from 3:00 to 12:00. We're going to be doing this from 2:00 to to 3 in the afternoon. We're doing this from 5 to 6, [snorts] you know, and we're doing this for 3 days and bear us up in prayer and ask the Lord to give us strength. No. Hypocrites of a sad countenance. They disfigure their faces that they may appear unto men. They walk around with a sad countenance. This holiness, this pious look that they may appear, that men will see them that they are fasting. They are making their fasting public. Verily I say unto you, they have their reward. What does he mean? They're getting what they ask for. They're getting the attention of people. Verse 17. But thou, when thou fastest, anoint thine head. That anoint thine head. That means look bright. Anointing in those days was putting on an aroma, putting on a perfume. Wash thy face. Look fresh. Look good. Verse 18, that thou appear not unto men to fast. In other words, they mustn't even know. People mustn't even know. Only your father which is in secret. And thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. There is the secret. So um if you fast before men, you are going to get that reward because men are going to say, "Wow, look at this guy. He's fasting." and they're going to give you the attention. But if you don't do that, if you appear as if you are not fasting and only your father knows in secret, he is going to reward you openly. But if you fast openly, he's not going to reward you openly. This is a promise of scripture, right? Fasting saints is completely not what people today claim it to be. The true strength and value in fasting will be found if you don't do it before men. Follow the gospel of Christ and the prophet. Amen. So saints um fasting is about feasting on the word. In closing, this is the trial of today. We have uh we never have time to get into God's word anymore. So, I'm coming to the question the person asked me from what I said a few Sundays ago. And um so that's what I want to make clear. This is the problem. And and I'm saying this 2025. I'm speaking to you people today. I I don't care who you are. You can be people in my church, people from some other church. This is your trial today. You are too busy with natural life. You don't have time for God anymore. Uh the reason the Jewish people are still a strong people by faith is because they still keep the Sabbath. And by Sabbath I mean they lock themselves out out of the world. They switch off phones. They switch off laptops. Switch off Wi-Fi. They switch off everything. They stay away from the world. They isolate themselves for one entire day from evening of the of the Friday to evening of Saturday. They spend their time. So look, of course I know some Jewish people and a 7-day Adventist make it a hypocritical thing too because they don't do what they're supposed to do. But uh those among the Jewish people actually do the right thing. This is the reason why they are still strong in their faith. You here in 2025, you are too busy. If somebody even asks you to take time off, you wouldn't be able to. If your spouse, if your husband or your wife tells you to take a whole day off just to do something for yourself, you would say it's impossible and that you would find something to do. Oh, there's stuff to do on the car. There's stuff to fix on the house. There's stuff to do with the family. There's stuff to do with the church. You would never think about taking time to feast on the word. That's a problem. Can you even imagine I just just while we're speaking you look at your own life just just meditate right now while I'm talking on your own life on your Monday to Sunday week. Can you imagine a day where you can do nothing else but feast on the word away from all interruptions? Can you do that? Do you think it's possible? You can't. You can't anymore. That's what's missing from Christianity today is feasting on the word. All right? Abstaining from food and water just to pray a few times a day or so. In other words, you the idea of fasting today is, you know, the church gets together, we have a need coming up, let's fast on Monday. Yeah. And I tell you, they choose Monday because they eat like hogs on the weekend and they make sure the Sunday they they eat a whole lot of food. So they fast on Monday. Come on people, right? This is ridiculous. This isn't what Christianity should be. Right? So, what they tell you is on Monday, we're going to we're not going to eat food from from sun uh sunrise and uh we're going to break fast at sunset, but in between you can drink water around about 11:00 and you can drink water again at around about 2:00, just a glass of water. And we're going to pray uh every second hour and we're going to take this need up to God. There's a need for this and this. This is a denominational thing. And this is they bring it into the message, right? And more than likely, if you fast and you don't get what you're fasting for, you're not going to be like David who is strengthened and go into the house of the Lord and worship him and say, "Lord, though I didn't get what I asked for, praise be to God. Praise be to your name. I come out a stronger person." People ask me questions. Oh, you did that fast, but you didn't get what you asked for. Now, what happened? That proves your God is doesn't listen to you. What are you going to say then? Are you going to lose faith? All right. So, here's what I was talking about two Sundays ago. If you fast the right way, let your fast be about feasting on the word. That's why my title is fasting or feasting. What I was trying to say in that meeting two weeks ago is along these lines. All right. So, I want to share this with you in closing. I want to put these uh statements up uh in point form so that you can see what it's about. Okay. A true fast of faith would go like this. Number one, take a few days off from work, from family, and the entire world. That means you shutting off yourself from work, from your wife, from your children, from your mother, from your father, from everybody. Let them know those. Tell them, "I'm taking time off. I don't want to hear from anybody." Tell your wife and children, "This is a fast unto God. Don't broadcast it. I'm doing this for myself. I want to get closer to God." Number two, switch off all devices and have no contact with social media. So, I'm telling you now in 2025 what a true fast should be. If you plan to read the word on a laptop or tablet or listen to the word in audio from your phone, you must resist the urge to turn on your Wi-Fi or data. Switch it off. Switch off Wi-Fi data. Put your phone on airplane mode, your tablet on airplane mode, and you will read the message there or you're listening to uh uh a message on audio. Put the thing on airplane mode. Hear nothing from the world. Number three, deprive yourself of all luxuries and indulgences. Right? Whatever that is to you personally, all your luxuries and indulgences, deprive yourself of it. Verse four, uh sorry, number four, set a time of day where you begin your fast. In other words, have a plan. What time am I beginning my fast? What time am I ending? um where you are fasting from food and drink. Eat nutritious food before you begin and after you end. In other words, what you have now done is eliminated all distractions. Work, family, tech, social media, food, and water. You've eliminated it. You are zeroing in on feasting on God's word. And number five is what I'm going to break down into what you ought to do. Number five means use that time that you have now set out in your day for your fast to study a subject of the word that you have questions on. For example, in the case I was talking about two Sundays ago, I just mentioned this subject. What does the term Christ really mean to you personally? What does the word Christ mean to me personally? How do I study that? How do I feast on that? Right? 5.1. Study the term Christ. What is the term Christ? Go look in your concordances. Look in the message. Look at what Christ means in the Bible. Messiah. Messiah. Word made flesh. Look in study that. Spend time on that. 5.2, study the message, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Study the seventh seal, the second coming of Christ. Uh 5.4, Read the Bible, the message. Get pages. Draw diagrams. Use pencils. Draw diagrams. Draw pictures. Take notes. Make notes. 5.5. Talk to the Lord while you study. Talk to him while you're studying. 5.6. I I I mean, don't you don't have to get down on your knees and, you know, pray like that with your hands clasped and your face looking serious. While you're studying, talk to him. Feast with the word. 5.6. Pray whenever you can. If you take a break from reading and drawing and making notes, get down on your knees and just pray for a few minutes. 5.7 Take walks in nature while thinking on your study. That means if you need a break from inside your room, wherever you are, go outside into the woods or take a hike somewhere, walk for a little while um where you're in nature. Like for example, if you have the ability to go off somewhere into the mountains or something to fast, go and do that. [clears throat] All right? That's what a feast of the word ought to be. That's what a fast should be. So a fast is not saints, it's not about uh begging God for something. It's not about laying fleeces before the Lord. It's not about desiring something and I need to commit my to show my commitment to God in prayer and in abstaining from food. No, it's about feasting. Fasting is about feasting. And this is how you should actually fast. It's a feast of the word unto the Lord. And because the the one principle is that Christ told the the tempter, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. So if you are fasting, go and feast. Feast on the word. Lock yourself away. Spend time. And this is the thing brothers, husbands of homes, you are not getting a chance to spend time with the word anymore. Uh if you have cares of the world, you have a Monday to Friday job. More than likely, you're going to take and and a time where you're going to take time off, take leave. You're going to book a holiday somewhere with your family. And more than likely, you're going to book a holiday at some resort. There's going to be beaches. There's going to be swimming pools. There's going to be games to play with your children. There's going to be sightseeing, taking pictures, taking selfies. There's barely any time you're going to be spending with God. You're more than likely going to take leave. And when you take leave, you're not going to maximize it taking time to be with the word. Uh this life that the world is offering you is taking you away. distracting you. You're getting less and less time to feast in the word. And that is why husbands are failing, fathers are failing. This is why men are no longer standing with the word. This is the reason people are leaving church. This is the reason families are breaking down. Churches are breaking down is because nobody's feasting on the word anymore. You want to fast. You want to beg God for stuff. You want healing for your body. You want a better job. You want uh you want you want you want that's all you want. You you you need God to do something for you and and you believe that he's going to do it for you if you show him some commitment. And that's not what fasting is for. So, what I was saying two Sundays ago was if a modern-day man could only do this for like maybe 5 days, take some time off and feast on the word, it will elevate your consciousness to a completely different level. What I'm saying to you is if you are troubled about the seventh seal, about the coming of the Lord, if you're troubled about the open book, if you're troubled about your understanding with God's word, if you if you hear somebody preaching and you're a little disoriented or something, you're you're discouraged by something you heard, why not feast on the word? Why not go to God, do the right thing? Why not go on a feast, which is a fast? Separate yourself from the word. It's called consecration. That's what consecration is. Set yourself apart from the word, from the world. Give yourself over to the word of God. Read everything. You should by now know if you're looking for a specific subject. If you want to talk about the seventh seal, there's a message called the seven seal. There is the breach message. There is souls in prison. Now, there is Christ the mystery of God revealed. I know there are brothers who messaged me and said, "Brother brother Al, I want to I want to study the seventh seal. Which which messages do I study? Where do I look to understand the rapture, the coming of the Lord, this the the seven seal? Can you give me a list of books?" So So I did. And uh and I know it's it's helped some of them, those who who want to study the word. So that's what fasting is about, saints. And I trust that this will give you uh strength. It'll give you some wisdom, some understanding. Don't go and do crazy things that's going to hurt your body, hurt you mentally. And I've given you all these quotes from the prophet to tell you the dangers of doing things the wrong way. Uh so I trust that this will give you enough wisdom to handle this correctly. The Lord bless you and I want to thank those who've asked me the question. I think it was necessary for us to do this today and I trust that the Lord will bless you abundantly. God be with you until we meet again. Amen.
