################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-16 - The Throne Of God P2 A Tabernacle..... - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-16
Title:    The Throne Of God P2 | A Tabernacle.....
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Short Clip
Duration: 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kntJrB_wrGc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Brothers and sisters, greetings in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Happy to be serving the bride of Christ once again this uh 27th of September 2020. And we're dealing with the second part of the throne of God. So throne of God part two. And I want to title this message um a tabernacle that I may dwell among them. I want to take a simple thought to do a second part of an introduction towards this series. We're going to read from Exodus 25 1-9. This is a very uh simple, easy to follow um message that I think is vitally important when we look at our own lives and uh very very important um uh reason for God doing certain things with the the building and the makeup of the tabernacle of Moses. So, I want us to understand just a little bit where we're heading with this series. Um, so the throne of God, like I said before, had never been seen by anybody or perceived by anybody prior to Moses. There was no recordings of any man seeing God sitting in a throne or of any kind resembling that which earthly kings had um built for themselves. So we only find uh visions of thrones later especially like in Isaiah and Ezekiel and uh later until the book of revelations. But prior to that the only semblance of something throne was seen here in the wilderness with the tabernacle of Moses. So it's often called the tabernacle of Moses. which is called the tabernacle of the testimony. Uh so get used to those phrases. So in this series, what we're going to do is we're going to take this tabernacle of Moses and take it piece by piece, room by room, piece by piece, furniture, uh each piece of furniture, and understand every single attribute that made up this tabernacle, every attribute that was of great significance. And uh to do that we're going to have to understand a lot of things that God asked them to do. And uh we're going to start with Exodus 25 and verse 1-9. And this is again this is just an introduction. I think in the next part we're going to start with the most holy place and move outwards and um we'll see how the Lord leads us from there. So Exodus 25:1-9 I trust the the word would be a blessing to you. Verse one. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel that they bring me an offering. So, I want you to notice those of you that follow the notes. Uh we're going to be dealing with 11 um uh phrases from [snorts] this section of scripture, from these uh um nine verses. We're going to be dealing with 11 points. And I've labeled them with a star and a number in the scriptures written in the notes. So number one, the phrase that we're going to be dealing with is bring me an offering of every man that number two giveth it willingly with his heart. You shall take my offering. Uh uh verse three, and this is the offering which you shall take of them. Number three, gold and silver and brass. Verse four. And number four, blue and purple and scarlet and fine linen, goat's hair and ramkins dyed red and the badger skins and shitim wood. Verse six. Number five, oil for the light. Number six, spices for anointing oil and for sweet incense. Number seven, onyx stones and stones to be set in the ephford and in the breastplate. Number eight, and let them um make me a sanctuary. So make me a sanctuary. Number eight. Um so then the next phrase here is I've put as number 11 because I want to deal with that last that is make me a sanctuary number 11 that I may dwell among them. So we'll deal with that point last. In verse 9, we find point number nine and point number 10. according to all that I show thee, after the pattern of the tabernacle, and the pattern of the instruments thereof, even so shall you make it. So to start off building this tabernacle in the wilderness, they they had to bring in materials, which they had. Now you're looking at about 2 million people walking through deserts and wilderness. there's not much resources they could find in the the ground or terrain around them. So the tabernacle, just think about this, the tabernacle had to be built from whatever they had with them on that journey. This is astounding, right? So these are the things the these are the the important points in here. And um the first thing is the makeup of of the tabernacle itself, the materials it itself had to be an offering. God asked for them to bring an offering. So that's point number one. Bring me an offering. So to begin the the building of the tabernacle, they had to collect the materials for this task. What is amazing is that God could have easily raised up something the way he created the earth. So people would know that it was built by God himself. Come on people. Uh he he put the earth together by faith. Why not speak things into existence and create this tabernacle, beautiful, flashy tabernacle of the best materials he could find? Why not just, you know, speak things into existence and this amazing tabernacle could appear in the wilderness and these people could then uh move with this tabernacle wherever they want. Why not do that, right? Wouldn't that have made that building the most holy and honored building by man? Wouldn't it have just been amazing? Wouldn't the peoples of earth have then recognized and believed? Is that not what God wanted? Why ask these poor slaves and bedins to give up their most precious belongings and all that they had to build this tabernacle. See, he could have easily built it by spoken word and it would have been the most amazing uh tabernacle in the entire world. the entire world would have recognized it straight away that this was not built by man. But he chose not to do that. He didn't. He chose to build his tabernacle which he would dwell among the people. He chose to build it from the belongings of men, slaves, sinners. It was not even something that they could go out and gather or hue. It had to be something they owned. I want you to as always saints, you know, I believe that the Lord has inspired us in the ministry to look at the word in a certain way. And the way we like to look at it is personal. We like to look at it such that it means something to us right now. Now look at this. God wanted them to bring things to build his mighty tabernacle from things that they owned and he wanted them to give it to him as an offering things that they owned. Now there are a few reasons for this. The first is that man would have made the building an idol as he would have with everything that that is created by God. What am I saying? Uh if God created that tabernacle, can you imagine what kind of idol that tabernacle would have been? [clears throat] Right? The second is that by doing this, God could be hidden in simplicity and not noticed by the world. Um, underestimated by the world. So this way he could deal with his children in secret. I want you to notice every statement I'm making to you right now is something of great revelation. God wants to be hidden in simplicity. Look at all these these phrases. We know that these are words brother Brennan alone spoke. God wants to be hidden in simplicity. God doesn't want to be noticed by the whole world. He wants to be noticed by his elect. He wants to deal with his children in secret. Right? And he wants his tabernacle to be an offering from his people to him that he might dwell among them. Thirdly, [clears throat] a sacrifice on behalf of the believer was required for the building. So, so God could see the hearts and intents of the givers and so that he could show that he could sanctify what man had to offer. Amen. All right. So, point number two. Let's get to point number two. Let every man give it willingly with his heart. So that's the the part there that we ended off with uh just now. This part shows that giving this offering had to be done willingly. Amen. As with any offering that is given to God in church, out of church, whatever it is, if it's not done willingly, saints, it is it is like a curse to you. This is what was important for the building. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So I want you to when you think about it, of course you know the answer we're going to come to towards the end of the series. You are the tabernacle of God. You are the building. You are the tabernacle of the Holy Ghost. You are what he had in his mind before the foundation of the world. But we lost that thought. We lost that ability to realize this. So when we put all this together, the part that is here important is that you have to give this tabernacle willingly. You have to give certain parts of this tabernacle willingly and this was important for the building. If it was not given willingly, it wouldn't be a perfect tabernacle. The offering would not be accepted if it was given grudgingly or with reserve. For example, people in this message who follow this message as if they are restricted as if God owes them something because they they have done many years of service for the message or they've brought people in or they've done something for the church or they've given great offerings or uh that's that's not a tabernacle that his spirit would abide in. See, it could only be sanctified. That's what's happening here. The offering that is given can only be sanctified if the believer had faith that by his offering he was losing nothing and gaining everything. Praise be to God. Since that's the mentality that we have to have when we give our lives to Christ. When we give our all to Christ, our body, our spirit, our soul, our everything, our family, our children, our wives, our loved ones, when we lose, when we give them as an offering, when we present them as an offering before the Lord, we've got to give it with this mindset that I'm losing nothing and I'm gaining everything. You see, this was the test of the intent of the heart. This was the most important test to God. How would Moses know what was in their hearts, in the hearts of the people? Moses had to receive the the materials from all the people, right? How would he know? God gave him the discernment he needed to complete this task. He would have to re he would have to sit there and receive every single piece of material brought in by the people. He would then have to look into the eyes of the believer presenting this to him and God would give him discernment to know because if something even if it was a piece of leather that was handed to him grudgingly his spirit would have to sense that and he would have to return that to that man and say I am sorry sir I cannot accept something for the tabernacle of the most high to be something that was given grudgingly or with reserve. love. No way can I accept this, sir. That's what he'd have to say. This was the most important test to God. So, the next thing we're going to notice is that God asked for all their most precious belongings. Now, this is linked, right? You may say, well, uh, you know what? Maybe one guy could have given his old shoes or something. God was specific about what he wanted from them, right? He asked for their most precious belongings. Why would he do that? Amen. Does God really consider the materials of earth to be valuable and precious? The materials of earth like gold and silver, these things are precious to man. They are they are precious to the carnal eyes of man [clears throat] or the eyes of carnal man. Right? People we know searching, running for gold and silver around the world. They've had gold rushes, diamond rushes around the world. And I mean, it's been in our history that men have killed for these things. So why would God ask them as if God is like a man that likes to have glittering stuff for his throne? Did he did God really want to be uh aligned with earthly kings? Did he really want to live amongst or have his rooms in a sense uh looking like uh gody gold and silver and precious stones resembling corrupt earthly kings? The answer is simple. No. God doesn't God doesn't consider gold and silver and things like that to be precious metals. But he knows that we do. See, he knew that men liked gold and silver. He knew that men considered these metals precious metals. Men looked at them. Men saw that they were attractive. So God asked him to bring to him the things that they felt were attractive. Why did he demand those most precious belongings? Again, part of the test of the heart. See, it is harder to separate with things we consider most valuable to us, right? It's easier to give things that you're willing that you were ready to give away 10 years ago. But things that are most valuable, it's very hard to give those things. Also, the more valuable the makeup of the tabernacle was to the believers, the more they would respect it. See, so if the tabernacle was just made out of broken wood and some kind of uh filthy animal skins, you know, and it wasn't washed and cleansed and taken care of and made to be perfect in every every inch, every little way, it wouldn't have had the respect, right? So that was the conditions of that time. So this was testing time all around. Doing this would weed out also all the thieves in the camp, those who would lust lust after the riches of the tabernacle. Once all these were given, all men were equal in one another's eye because the Lord held all the wealth. Do you understand that? So what God did was basically took away all the precious metals from all of them. Whether some were rich, whether some came out of Egypt with more gold than the other, God took it all, brought it all in. And then by doing that, all the believers were equal. There was no rich, no poor among them. They were all equal. Amen. This is amazing. All right. So, let's have a look at what God asked for. All right. Point number three, he asked for precious metals. Now, why precious metals? like gold, silver and brass very important metals to understand. Now I know we used to speak about the symbolic reasons and we will later in the series. In the series we're going to look at the gold you know overlaying the wood and so on. You know gold meaning like deity silver redemption and judgment. But let's look at the effect on the individual. That's what I'm going to focus on in this introduction. These metals, gold, silver and brass, they made a man define himself or his self in society and others would do the same of him. So what does that mean? Basically, if a man was wearing gold and shiny things in gold and silver, uh he was said to be a a wealthy lord or someone who was uh of high society. If a man was wearing brass, he was more likely a soldier, a general or something. And he walked around in in that hard brass um armor. He was he had great respect. So men were able to define themselves in society by these metals that they wore on their person. There was no purpose for gold or silver except for one thing, for vanity. Right? There was no need for vanity anymore amongst believers. You're all walking through the wilderness. You don't know where you're going. You have no plan for your future. Uh what's the point of having all the vanity? What's the point of dressing up in gold and silver? What's the point of keeping gold and silver hidden away in your wagons or in your boots somewhere when you're never going to be able to use it? Uh there's nothing to buy. There's no one to pay. You're at the mercy of the desert. you're at the mercy of God. There's no reason for your gold or silver. So if if you keep it, all it is is lust and vanity. Right now, brass, brass, we could understand, was a hard metal, good for making weapons and armor and other things to make them longlasting. But why would they need armor when the Lord, the pillar of fire, would fight for them? These people had no need for armor. They had no need for precious metals. They had no need for any of those things yet they had them because they had took of the spoils of Egypt. Why would they need why would they needed have needed longlasting things when they were on a journey to their promised land where Jehovah Gyra would be there? These metals were symbols of wealth and status. Giving it all over to the Lord willfully was going to cause the believer to overcome many things that led to pride. Praise be to God. Let's go to the next point. Point number four, which is precious cloths and precious materials. Now again here in these uh in Exodus 25, you see the precious cloths are blue and purple and scarlet, fine linen and goat's hair, ram skins dyed red, badger skins and shitim wood. Right now these were precious materials. They were cloths and of course the only uh different thing there was the wood. Right now again here was something that brought vanity because these people were walking through the wilderness. Why would they need to wear purple, scarlet, fine linen and so on? clothing themselves in precious cloth amounted to nothing else but vanity and pride. I want you to notice the theme that's running through this. Right? It seems like God is trying to remove vanity and pride from the person. These spirits had to be removed from the believer. But all these cloths were being used for the tabernacle. So I mean God is taking the ability to dress in a vain manner away from these people walking through the wilderness. But then he takes all these cloths and and makes them be used for the clothing of the priests. Right? So he takes them away from the believer but uses them for the tabernacle. Why? And God was very particular about these things. When the people crossed into the promised land, he warned them not to take any gold, silver, or anything of the natives of the new land. Let's read Deuteronomy 7:25-26. The graven images of their gods you shall burn with fire. Thou shalt not desire the silver or gold that is on them, nor take it unto thee, lest thou be snared therein, for is an abomination to the Lord thy God. Neither shalt thou bring an abomination into thine house, lest thou be a cursed like it, lest thou be a cursed thing like it, but thou shalt utterly detest it. Thou shalt, that means hate it. Thou shalt utterly abhore it. Again, hate it, for is it is a cursed thing. Joshua 6:17-19. and the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are therein to the Lord unto Rahab the um only Rahab the harlot shall live, and all that are with her in the house, because she hid the messengers that we sent. And you in in any wise keep yourself from the thing, lest you make yourselves a cursed when you take of the thing and make the camp of Israel a curse and trouble it. But all the silver and gold and vessels of brass and iron are consecrated unto the Lord. They shall come into the treasury of the Lord. So notice God calls these things the thing. Yet he allows it to be taken into the treasury of the tabernacle. Sounds a bit like the church plundering the people, right? The church and the angels use these scriptures, these very scriptures to justify their robbery of the people. The Christian church is is guilty of robbery of the public for many many hundreds of years. Taking away the most uh precious things from the people and piling it up into the riches of the church, making the church um um rulers the rich ones. God's purpose was not the richness of the church, but to protect the people from idol worship. And even worse, he knew they would corrupt themselves with these things that led to vanity and pride. Most people think it was just about idols because the heathen's gold and precious things were in the images of their he their heathen idols. Um, but it was not just idolatry that God was being careful of. Let's read Joshua 7 and verse one. But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the thing. For Achen, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zera, of the tribe of Judah, took of the thing, and the anger of the Lord was kindled against the children of Israel. Um, so Joshua, let's read [clears throat] verse 22 to verse 24. So Joshua sent messengers and they ran into the tent, and behold, it was hid in his tent and the silver under it. And they took them out of the midst of the tent, and brought them unto Joshua, and unto all the children of Israel, and laid them out before the Lord. And Joshua and all Israel with him, took Achen, the son of Zer, and the silver, and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his ass, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had, and they brought them into the valley of Achor. Notice the things Achen took. They were not idols. I believe he loved God and was dedicated to his people but he failed because he lusted after worldly goods. Right? So what God is protecting here the people from from doing is developing the the behavior or the desire to lust after worldly things. So when this gold and silver and precious stuff came in, it was collected and brought to the tabernacle and became the Lord's. Amen. This is beautiful. This is what it's going to take, saints, to become the tabernacle of the Lord God himself or the throne of God. All right. Number five, oil for light. Oil was an important part of the worship in the Bible and we know where this is going. Oil is a type of the Holy Ghost. Anybody knows that? But the people had to acquire the oil for the tabernacle. Why couldn't God make it the priest's duty to get the oil? I mean, these guys were the ones who who furnished or rather who took care of the tabernacle. Why couldn't they get the oil? Why take it from the people? Why not make the oil himself? [snorts] You know, God caused the the widow of Zarapath or Sarapa to have constant supply of three and a half years. So, he was God was more than able to supply his own oil for the light in the tabernacle. It seems that the people had to keep this tabernacle going by much of their own strength. The construction, preparation, and keeping of the tabernacle involved constant sacrifice, right? And light was necessary for the inner court because there was no natural light entering into this inner court. So light was necessary and we will soon learn why. But for now let's understand the fundamental thing that we are seeing here in all these points. It is sacrifice. Amen. To be the throne of God, to be the tabernacle of God, it takes constant sacrifice. God's not going to produce the oil. We have to bring the oil. Amen. And not even the priests. We have to bring the oil. We have to give this oil as a constant um uh uh uh offering to the tabernacle. Right? Let's look at point number six. Oil and spices for anointing and sweet incense. Now God seemed concerned even with smell. Beautiful. The spices were used to make an anointing for the priesthood. Anointing was an oil or a perfume that was poured upon all the priests. Right now the gentile church even misused this instruction. This was not again to enrich the church or to make the priesthood more important than others. There are true reasons that we need to find and we will do so. So the people even had to give up their most beautiful spices and fragrances for the priesthood again walking through the wilderness. Why would one actually need it? But there's a good reason. Now we will study later how that nobody was allowed to copy the scent of the priesthood or they would lose their lives. In other words, the priests of this tabernacle had to smell different from the rest of the people. Right now, you can imagine how this can be used. Ministers, pastors, prophets, preachers can use these scriptures to enforce how the people can just bring all the riches to them and it belongs to them. And you know, it's incredible. But there's real spiritual reasons here that are beyond natural uh lust for filthy lucer for money and for ambition and so on. Sacrifice. Here's another thing. Spices are rare. Spices are hard to combine. fragrances. Which means that when uh certain people walking through the wilderness in this company of Israelites would meet up with strangers or traders or merchants, they would trade with them and it would become something that was uh a man would give up something to obtain spices that were rare, knowing that he would then give this as a free will offering to the Lord. Amen. Spices were rare, hard to come by, very difficult to make. It required an apothecary or in our days a chemist, somebody who skilled in the science of chemistry or one skilled in the mixing of the chemicals. Once again, nobody was allowed to be better or above the tabernacle. Nobody was allowed to have this smell or a better smell than the smell of the tabernacle. Amen. And God was specific about this. Let's get to point number seven. Now God asked them for precious stones. All kinds of precious stones. And these stones were for the ephford and the breastplate. Now as if all that wasn't enough, gold, silver, precious cloth, oils, scents, spices. They even had to surrender precious stones for the making of the ephford and the breastplate of the high priest. This was not to make the high priest a rich man, but to bring a distinction between him and the other Levites. There had to be a distinction between him and the other the other priests of the tabernacle. God wanted this distinction to be made for they were to look to him as the intercessor of the atonement. He was not to be dressed like the other priests. He was supposed to wear the the the the the garments of the high priest. No one was allowed to wear anything even closely resembling the high priest. It would be death. Now saints, does God love precious rocks? Does God really love diamonds and jasper and sardius and topaz and onyx and carbuncle? Does God really need all these uh precious rocks? Does he care for them? No, saints. But these things are precious to humans and only because of sin, right? [clears throat] I mean, why why would you, if you really think about it, why would it be so important for us to have diamonds on our rings and our jewelry? They're basically rocks cut in a certain way to let light in and they look shiny and glinty and we stick them in metal and we think, "Wow, look at that. I look great." But you're just wearing a rock, man. It's just a rock from the earth. But the thing about it is that these rocks were deemed precious by men. And they are only deemed precious by men because of sin. these these rocks dwelling or or or being in the earth was serving a particular purpose for the earth. God didn't even want them to be removed and used in the way that man is using them today. But so now that they are being used, they are being mined, they are being gathered, God says, "Bring them in. Make them mine." God was making sure again that the people would not corrupt themselves in lust for worldly things, lust for wealth, for pride, for high status in society, for vanity. He did not want them to corrupt themselves with this. Okay, let's get to the eighth phrase. Make me a sanctuary. Now, this is a beautiful statement. Make me a sanctuary. I could go for a long time on this. God is not going to make a sanctuary for himself. He already did. If you if you look in the scriptures and and and when Steven said uh those famous words, what house shall you build me? That's not just a statement saying you can't give me anything. You can't make something out of wood and stone and iron and precious metals. That's saying that everything that you could possibly bring would not be sufficient to build a tabernacle or a house for the Lord. And at that time when Steven made that incredible statement um you could see that there were many houses and palaces built in the world that many people would have thought worthy of a god. But here in the wilderness, God is asking for these simple little things. Yes, there was gold. Yes, there was silver. But it was not a lot of things. But he brought it all in and made this crude little tabernacle. And this was the tabernacle, the temple of the Lord most high. God was making sure that they would not corrupt themselves. Right now, number eight, make me a sanctuary. This is important. God ordered them to build the sanctuary. He could have done it himself, but he was all to it was altogether a test of faith and humility. And I want us to focus on that point. Make me a sanctuary. See, God had them all collecting all these materials. They could have brought all the materials to him and he could have put it all together, right? And and and this tabernacle would have been built. He could have put it all together after they brought it all to him. But now after they bring it, he says, "Okay, now go about making up all the pieces of the of the furniturees, all the curtains, all the um borders. Now you go take all that has been brought and build it and make it up." And not just that, but now he's also asking them to design everything and build it again and again. What is this about? This is yet another test. Remember, every time they stopped for camp, they had to build up this tabernacle. Then when they would get moving again, they had to dismantle it. So again and again they had to be building up this tabernacle constantly in exactly the same way that he wanted it. Every single time it was taken apart and rebuilt, it had to be done according to the pattern. Right? So what is important in the statement is make me a sanctuary. You put it together. You design it according to something. And we're going to talk about that just now. But you put it together, you build it, you make up the You take the materials and you make up each piece and then you put the sanctuary together for me. Wow. Does this not look like a really spoiled god? He does nothing. He just tells you what to bring, then he tells you to design it, and then you must build it up. You must do it for him. Incredible, right? And we we want to see what all the spiritual application is there. Obviously, if you had to give these portions of scripture to an atheist or some other kind of religion, they look at at this and say, "You know what? you you guys, your revelation of God is just totally false. What kind of God are you serving if he loves all of these things? What I'm trying to draw your attention to is you and I have to recognize that God didn't do this because he enjoys collecting all of these materials that are precious to man. Absolutely not. There's a reason behind everything. Build me. Make me a sanctuary. You do it. You put it together. I want you to put it together. Right. Verse nine, or rather point number nine. Um, according to all that I show thee. So, you must put it together. And here's the next part of this mystery. According to all that I show thee. Now, show. The word show s h e w in the bible means to reveal. So this indicates two things, right? It has to be built or put together upon revelation or by revelation, right? Number two, now we can move that forward. Remember in Matthew when Jesus said, "Upon this rock, I will build my church." And brother Brandham nailed that down to Revelation. He will build the church upon revelation. Right. Number two, that revelation can only come from God himself. Remember Peter, flesh and blood hath not revealed this to you but my father which is in heaven and upon this rock I will build my church upon that foundation. Rock meaning foundation. So God is telling them make me a sanctuary according to how or what I will reveal to you. You cannot use another pattern. You cannot use your own idea. Even though he wants you to put it together, he wants it to be your sacrifice. You bring the materials, you bring the oil for anointing, you bring all the precious ointments, precious metals, precious cloths. You bring it, you design it, you put it together, but you have to use the pattern I reveal to you, not your own idea. This also indicates that Moses didn't look into heaven and see this amazing picture of angels and the most high sitting on some grandeear throne and he and Moses didn't look around and and and and say, "Wow, look at this pattern. There's a I can see a kind of outer court here or [clears throat] and I see a kind of inner court here and I see this gold would work well here and brass would work well there and so on and so on." No, God didn't show him a picture of heaven. God didn't show him uh you know how spirits live in a seventh dimension or God didn't show him a picture or uh some kind of graphic representation. God showed him a vision. We don't know what that vision was, but apparently God knew that Moses could take that vision and Moses had the ability to interpret that vision and apply it to the things that were available to his life and time or age. That means he wasn't going to try and build his tabernacle out of things that were not available at that time. He took the vision and applied it to what was available to his life and to that age to that time. It was therefore done according to specifications of revelation. Amen. So you build me, you make me a sanctuary, but here's my specifications and it must be based upon revelation. Now there's a good reason for this which brings us to point number 10. Follow the pattern of everything. Those are the words. So verse 9 is basically telling us you must have faith to see, right? They had to have faith to see if they could build by revelation. Now remember, they had to constantly take it down, put it up, take it down, put it up, take it down, put up. Wherever they stopped, whenever they started moving, that was the process. every time they put it back up together. It had to be done by revelation and follow instruction. Do not lean to your own understanding. If they built it according to their own way, it would have also brought pride. So imagine if they designed this tabernacle and each and a man could say, "I designed it according to my design." It's like people's churches today. You know, when when you have a church that is built, you have a little plaque in the wall saying this was the the founder and he was the co-founder and he was the designer and this was a vision in the heart of this man and the glory is given to a certain man who built this certain church. Nobody could claim the glory for the tabernacle. Even if the furnishings, the instruments, the vessels, the altar, the labor, even the clothes of the priesthood, even if all of it came from materials that they had given as an offering, the design, the pattern was God given, it was not their idea. The design of God was unlike any way that any man would have thought of. Right? It had to be all revelation and faith. Saints, I want you to notice that. Make me a sanctuary according to the pattern of everything I will show you. Now, how often do we in our lives follow our own order and design? I mean, just just look around. How are you living your life today? Look around at our message churches. Look at look at the standards that we keep. Look at the the important the things we deem are important to our churches. Look at the things that we stress. Look at the things that we keep people bound by for so long. How often do we follow our own order and design? All right, which brings me to point number 11. And the title of this sermon, that I may dwell among them. Make me a sanctuary that I may dwell among them. Precious Lord saints, God's sole purpose was so that he could dwell amongst the people. Everything that he was asking them to do was so that he could dwell amongst them. Right? Was it that he needed all these precious things? No. So why bring all these things? Why go through this hardship to bring all these things together? It was to keep the people in line. How? Here's the answer. To never allow the spirit of pride into the sanctuary. Everything that we've been through right now is all about eliminating pride. Notice why God said David was a man after his own heart. Because David, though a man who sinned, he loved the Lord far more than himself. Amen. David loved the Lord more than he loved David. He was so affected when he saw that the tabernacle of the Lord was lesser in value than his own palace. David truly loved the Lord and worshiped him with all his heart. Therefore, when he saw his words were, "How could the king live in this and the Lord live in that?" See, so he had this the right feeling or the right spirit in his heart to do it. But of course, we know the story. God wouldn't let him do it. God does not need such earthly splendor, saints. God doesn't need precious stones and precious metals and cloth. I mean, just look at us today. We look, we know where this series is heading. You're going to say, "Well, Brother Alistister, I believe you're going to end up with us being the throne right now. God does not need you to be a professor of law. He doesn't need you to be a theologian. He doesn't need you to be some great speaker that can stand in the street and blast out the word in the most eloquent speech. He doesn't need you to display gold and silver uh that carnal man lusts after. He doesn't need you to do all these things. When he just think about this when he came to dwell among us as Emmanuel. He came in a body without splendor in a body that men would not even recognize him because they were better looking. They were better looking. They were wealthier. They were better smelling and they were of better lineages. Everything about Christ was unattractive as compared with Caiaphas the high priest, Herod the Great, Barabus, the the scribes and Pharisees and Sadducees and even some of the publicans. Christ was born into the family of a carpenter. Let's read Isaiah 53:2 to3. For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of dry ground. He has no form nor clliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. And we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Saints, when this throne, the Lord Jesus Christ, this tabernacle of God stood upon the earth, were those carninal men really seeing the gold and silver, the precious ointment of anointing that was upon him? Were they really recognizing it? They actually didn't see that. They were looking to the outer parts of him. They and and therefore because he was not dressed as a high priest, they may have even respected him as a rabbi but were very disappointed with his appearance and how he conducted himself and uh the company with which he kept and the places he would sit and mix with the general people, the common people. They could not understand these things. So notice saints, this Emmanuel, this tabernacle that God eventually chose to dwell in to live among the people. Remember that this point, point number 11, that I may dwell among them. What is Emanuel? God with us. But when he came in the tabernacle of Christ, because the people had no humility, they showed no respect unto that great tabernacle, that great vessel, that body that stood. They took him and crucified him. They whipped him and scourged him and teased him and mocked him. They spat on him. They plucked out his beard. They pierced his side. They kicked him in the streets. They made him like a slave to carry his own cross saints because they had no humility because pride was elevated to such a level in their lives. Wealth and pleasures of life had robbed them of their sight. Notice all those who recognized him were those who esteemed themselves lower. Blind Bottomas, woman at the well, the woman of the blood issue, Zakius the tax collector. Notice all these people were people who esteem themselves lower, right? Notice even Nathaniel when Nathaniel spoke of Christ or when when Nathaniel was told come and see this man he was he was even expecting Christ to come out of some royal lineage. He said can anything good come out of Nazareth? knowing that nothing good comes out of Nazareth, that it was a lower class community, that it was a a class of community of people with lower morals and things like that. He knowing these things, he asked that question. And yet when he came, he immediately saw and recognized because the first thing Christ said to him was, "Behold an Israelite in whom there is no guile." Which means all these people who recognized him were people who had character within them that had no pride or vanity. So saints, what is expected of us today? What are the precious things to us in life that we have to give to God? How do we esteem him higher than us? What is your gold? What is your silver? What is your brass? What is your precious cloth? What are your precious stones? What is your blue and purple and scarlet? Amen. What is your oil for light? What is your oil for spices for anoint for anointing? Your oil and spices for anointing. What is that? What is your sweet smelling savor that you can bring? What sacrifices do we have to m to be a part of his great throne? What do you have to do with your life saints that he may dwell among us? Is it really keeping a message church? If anything, this corona virus lockdown has proved to us that it's not that building. It's not that church. It's not going to a building and assembling together and becoming as other people having some great church building with pews and organs and great fineries and music and great cloths and design of clothing and uh fancy suits and dresses that we wear. It's not that what sacrifices do we have that to bring? What sacrifices do we have to make to become a part of the throne of God? That's what we're going to find in this series. We're going to take each room, the most holy place, the inner court, the outer court. We're going to look at the the most holy place. We're going to look at the ark of the testimony, the golden pot that was there, the mercy seat, the room itself. We're going to move outward and look at the veil. We're going to look at the altar of incense made of wood overlaid with gold. We're going to look at the table of shoebre and the bread that was upon it. We're going to look at the seven golden candlesticks and the oil that was in it and the light that was supposed to never go out. We're going to go out of that to look at the brazen labor, the the dish of brass in which was water that was cleansing, that was for sanctification, that was for cleaning. We're going to go further out and look at the brazen altar. And we're going to look at all the things that these things symbolize, saints. And you then even to the very outer part of it, the skins that were used to form the barrier, the outer court, the knops and what all these things were made of and the specifications and the sacrifices that were brought in. We're going to look at all these things and study them in detail and ask ourselves what is it that we have to bring? What is it that we have to lay down? What is it that we have to make? What design is there? What revelation can we have? Are we putting our lives together based on the right pattern? Do we really think we are the temple of the Holy Ghost because we go to church, we pay our tithes, we speak with tongues, we prophesy. Is that the pattern? Is that the revelation uh required for this day? Have you produced a tabernacle that is most precious? that you have given your all for him to dwell among us. How serious can we take those things? Amen. I believe it's going to be a real wonderful study. I believe the Lord will reveal many personal things to us in this series and I trust that you will take this this scripture, read it through, make it personal. Make it personal to you saints. Look at the things that the Lord required. Let's look at our lives. Look at each phrase before I even take a few months to to go through all this with you. Search our hearts. Search our souls. Search your mind. Search your thoughts. Search your intentions. Look at your family around you. Look at your home. Look at your church. Look at your community. Look at your school, your job. Look at the things you have chosen. Look at the life path you have chosen. Look at the decisions you have made. All of these things have to do with the sacrifice that you say, you make that he may dwell among us. This is the tabernacle of Moses. A tabernacle that I may dwell among them. God's purpose from before the foundation of the world, the purpose of all purposes was that he would dwell in his sons and daughters. And he's going to bring that full redemption to a full manifestation to an end. He's going to bring it to a completion. And there will be a people, there is a people, amen, that have chosen the way of right, that have chosen the way of truth, that will be the tabernacle of the most high God. Amen. The Lord bless you, saints. Until the next time, I trust that you would have enjoyed this part of the introduction and that you would really use the anointing that the the Holy Spirit brings upon you, the conviction of your hearts and look deep inside yourselves to understand, to believe, to be able to put aside from us the spirit of pride and vanity and hottiness and humble ourselves to become become the very tabernacle of God that he may dwell among us. The Lord bless you. Till the next time.
