################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-19 - Stature of a Perfect Man P3 [Faith P1] - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-11-19
Title:    Stature of a Perfect Man P3 [#Faith P1] - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ9r_KMIxSg
========================================

Description:
The Perfect Foundation and the Destroyer of Doubt
Stature of a Perfect Man P3 [#Faith P1]
16 November 2025
-----------------------------------------------------------------
00:00 - Scripture Reading
03:01 - Introduction
06:55 - Faith is the Foundation
08:36 - The Chief Cornerstone
22:20 - Purpose of the Foundation
25:14 - What does that Foundation Mean?
47:14 - Our Foundation
57:17 - Our Faith
59:17 - Doubt vs Faith
01:45:51 - Doubt is Sin
01:48:01 - Faith Can Accomplish Great Things
---------------------------------------------------------------
Stature of a Perfect Man Playlist:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiFTZnWvdN_V80P9pAp7d1wPRRU6EUDaA
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We're going to read, if you can just get the slide for me. We're going to read from Ezra chapter 3 verse 10-13. Hope you can see that. Ezra 3 10-13. And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the Lord, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets and the Levites, the sons of Asaf, with symbols to praise the Lord after the ordinance of David, king of Israel. So bear in mind what's happening here, right? The builders have laid the foundation of the temple. This is after the um uh captivity that the children of Israel were taken in. They've been sent back, allowed back to come and build up the temple. And so they've laid the foundation. Now watch this. All they've done is laid the foundation. Right? Verse 11. And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the Lord. That means it was it was like worship in course meaning one part of this and one part of that. It must have been prayer. There must have been singing. And giving thanks unto the Lord because he is good for his mercy. Because he is good. for his mercy endured forever toward Israel. And all the people shouted with a great shout when they praised the Lord because the foundation of the house was laid of of the house of the Lord was laid. But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers who were ancient men that had seen the first house when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes wept with a loud voice. That means those people who had been there in the captivity, they saw the previous the first temple and then it was destroyed. Now when they just had seen the foundation laid again, they just cried. Amen. And many shouted aloud for joy. So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people. For the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard a far off. So the people couldn't even tell. There was so much of weeping and crying and shouting and noise and all they did was lay the foundation. Amen. The Lord bless the reading of the word. You may be seated. So So this is the stature of a perfect man part three. Yeah. Statue of a perfect man part three. So, we're back in our series and uh thankful to the Lord um we can have this um uh subject that we can speak on. It's a really wonderful subject, statue of a perfect man. And we're on to faith part one. So, we're right at the bottom of the pyramid and we're going to show you the diagram in a little bit. And our title this morning, the perfect foundation and the destroyer of doubt. Amen. So now if we go to the diagram and uh you can see this is the the standard diagram that all message believers understand is the church ages and the f the seven church ages with you can see it on the left there with Ephesus, Mona, Pergamus, Thite, Tyrus, Philadelphia, Lee on this side are all the messengers and then in the center is written the virtues that we're looking at that is mentioned add to your faith virtue add to virtue, knowledge, temperance and so on until you reach brotherly kindness in the seventh and then the Holy Ghost cements the capstone which is love down upon a perfected church. So that's the that's the theory kind of given right and then we looked at this and we understand that every child of God goes through something goes through exactly the same every one of us you could not uh receive the capstone revelation of Christ having only started off at the bottom. Right? So but what we want to show you is the importance of these virtues and how beautiful it is in our growth. At the same time, you know, I don't I wouldn't want a believer to think he can jump from number one to number eight. Why would you want to do that? I mean, you would want to enjoy the journey, right? So, it's like saying um making your 2-year-old toddler start work, right? He doesn't have the ability. He doesn't have the functionality. And he doesn't even have the desire to start work to go to work and earn a living. He's only two. He's got to really enjoy his growth and his schooling. And he's got to come to the stage where it's going to come to him to say, I need a job. Right? So this scripture that we have read describes the laying down of the foundation. So you can go to the next line. This is what we're speaking of is the that faith is the foundation. So if you looked at that diagram, the foundation of the building is at the bottom, right? So and the amazing thing is when you start off with the foundation after the building is built, nobody sees the foundation. &gt;&gt; Nobody even recognizes it. Nobody knows it. But the foundation is holding everything up. cuz without the foundation everything collapses. Right? So this scripture that we read in Ezra chapter 3 describes the laying down of the foundation of the temple of Solomon in Jerusalem after they were taken into captivity from Babylon. And this laying down of this foundation for I would say an earthly house like a church or a an earthly building, right, brought such a great anointing and atmosphere that the people praised and worshiped and shouted and wept and all they had was a foundation. All the emotion was at its height. The Levites and the elders of the tribes who were old and remembered the first temple wept so loud that from afar people could not tell the difference between the weeping and the shouting. And people from afar were wondering what is going on. You know these people are shouting, they're rejoicing. They couldn't even tell the difference. In other words, there was a real a genuine reaction response to just the foundation being built. That that is amazing. So also when God began. So the reason why I'm telling you that is now look in the beginning of the church when the foundation was being built in Christ and the apostles that was the time of emotions and shout and and tongues and prophecies and the greatest noise that you could ever have right and it was filled with all kinds of things till the people who witnessed it when they came out of the upper room they were confused &gt;&gt; like what is this right? Those who witnessed it and and some people thought these people were drunk and and what were they they were rejoicing and they were filled with the spirit only at the foundation. &gt;&gt; These people hadn't even received the capstone ministry. These people do not even know the seven seals. They don't know the thunders. They don't know the trumpets. They have the book of revelation has not even been written yet. &gt;&gt; Amen. And these people are shouting and and filled with emotion and joy and and u because all they had was the foundation was the Messiah has come. He died for our sin. He rose again. That's the foundation of our faith. And yet the house had not been built. The church is in its infancy. There in fact there is no church yet. They just came out of the upper room and everything is built on the foundation of these men and women. So when the church ages began, God had begun to rebuild his house, right? And we know that Christ was the chief cornerstone. So that's what where we want to start now. We want to go to 1 Peter uh 2:5-6. And it says, "You also as lively," meaning living, meaning expressing, manifesting stones, are built up a spiritual house and a holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Do you agree? The scripture says you are supposed to be a house, &gt;&gt; you the believers, the spiritual house. This building is not the church. It's the people that is the church. Church means called out ones, &gt;&gt; right? So the church has always been the body of people, not the building. Right? In fact, the people are the building. &gt;&gt; You are the lively stones. So you agree, right? And then verse six tells us that wherefore also it is contained in the scripture that is in the Old Testament. Behold I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone elect precious and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. So in the Bible chief cornerstone means chief foundation stone. So just to explain that to you in the really old days when you would build a house uh somebody who's building a large structure they would dig down into the earth and they would find a rock that is immovable. It can't be moved. It's solid rock underground and they would start the foundation there. They would dig into that rock. That's the cornerstone. That would be the foundation. So you'd actually look for this place on your land where this you've hit rock underneath. And you know that's where you want the starting of your foundation because should there be storms, should there be water, should there be anything that would cause this house to move, you know it's anchored on that rock. That's the chief cornerstone. So, so also in times past when they were building churches because of that people had this tradition of building a triangular or L-shaped stone which they called the cornerstone and they place that literally like if this church was a rectangular building. You would choose the highest portion depending on the land and you would place your L-shaped stone in that corner because that's going to hold the building. You got it right. So the scripture is saying Christ is our chief cornerstone. I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone. In other words, a foundation stone. Now if you if you don't believe that, the next verse is going to tell us that, right? Uh but um elect precious he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. We'll come to that. So in his first coming what this is saying to us is the first coming he was the cornerstone. &gt;&gt; The apostles then were attached to him. &gt;&gt; He was the foundational belief. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He was the beginning of the Christian church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Though Jesus himself was not a Christian, &gt;&gt; he was a Jew. And the first few people that came after him were not Christians. They were still Jews. They were only called Christians by the Romans to identify them. So in actual fact, when Christ started the church, they were not called anything. &gt;&gt; It wasn't called Christianity. It wasn't even that's the way we were meant to be. We're not meant to be some movement that is defined by men. We supposed to be faith, &gt;&gt; the faith of Jesus Christ. That's what it should be. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right? So uh he was then the foundation of the new house, the new temple. In fact, in the scripture, it doesn't even say that um he desired for us to build a Christian church, build chapels, build foundations, build other, you know, I mean political foundations and religious foundations. He doesn't say that. If and and this what I believe we're coming back to. Everything in the world is breaking down. Churches are failing. religious movements are failing because you've got to come back to it. I asked the question of our church last week in Durban. Uh is this what Christianity has become? Can we really go back when we meet the foundation stone and say we're built upon the pattern you started? Can any movement of Christianity today say that their building fits the foundation? Right? Who? Why? Who's the foundation? This humble man who was crucified for the sins of others, who never enriched himself with his wisdom and his word, who didn't go across trying to get everyone politically to love him and agree with him. He told the truth. He did not stand for sin. He challenged the beliefs of the leaders of that day. And he went to the poor and the needy. Can Christianity today say they are absolutely built on that foundation? This is a this is a good question. This is why everything's failing today. Right? So I believe that in the end time as well the bride forms part of the capstone as well a part of the second coming. Now the thing about and that's what we'll get to when we get to love the capstone is the capstone is also an angular stone. It's the only stone that does not fit the rest of the building. So an angular stone is the chief cornerstone first coming and another angular stone is the capstone second coming that completes everything &gt;&gt; right that's why there are two comingings of Christ let's go to Ephesians chapter 2 19 so here's this the next scripture we're speaking of now therefore you are no more strangers and for foreigners but fellow citizens with the saints and of the household of God and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and the prophets. So, do you agree? The scripture is saying you are now the church of the living God and you are built upon the foundation. It's telling you there's a foundation. What's the foundation? The foundation is made up of the apostles and prophets. And then it says Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone. &gt;&gt; So, the scriptures now told us what Zechariah was saying. Behold, I lay in Zion um a shore foundation or chief cornerstone and so on. Uh we read that in first Peter which is spoken of in Zechariah. But you can see here that Paul is identifying that the foundation of the church is the apostles &gt;&gt; and the prophets and Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone, &gt;&gt; the shore foundation. Are you with us? So Paul is acknowledging the foundation of the apostles. He acknowledges Christ as the chief cornerstone. But he says we are built upon the foundation. So therefore, we've got to understand what the apostles doctrine was really about. That's the foundation. Now, a lot of people will will also look at it and they'll say, "Well, if the foundation was tongues, prophecies, uh, healings, um, and and what happened in Acts chapter 2, then we've got to keep that going all the way through the building, right? That's the foundation. That's what's being built upon, right? When you build the rest of the building, the rest of the building does not look like the foundation at all. &gt;&gt; Nothing here looks like the foundation. &gt;&gt; It's completely different, but it's anchored on that. &gt;&gt; Right? And that's what we're going to get into today. So, what then really is it? Is it really the was the foundation of the apostles and Christ? Was it really tongues, prophecies, and healings? No, it wasn't. It's actually something else. Tongues prophecies and healings could be if we describe it in building would be like the um uh substance, the mortar, the water a little bit in there. The spirit mixing with cement mixing with stones that would be like prophecies and so on and so on. But what is it really? What is the true foundation? It is faith. &gt;&gt; That's the foundation. So a lot of people say, you know, we've got to patent ourselves after the foundation. The apostles doctrine is signs, wonders, healings, prophecies, tongues, this and that. No, it's faith. The original faith. Amen. That is the belief. And what the apostles introduced only one thing to the world, faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. They didn't go around saying believe in our tongues. believe in our prophecies. &gt;&gt; They said, "Believe in him, Christ Jesus, who died for your sin and rose again and is ascended into glory. Have faith in that. &gt;&gt; Repent, be baptized, have faith in that, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And the signs shall follow them that believe, not the other way around. You've got to believe first. You've got to have faith first and the signs will follow those that believe. &gt;&gt; There it is. So the faith manifested by the miracles and the the the miracles were the manifestation of the faith that already existed. Amen. So the belief in Jesus Christ as the Messiah, his death, burial, that was called the gospel or the good news. Go into all the world and tell them the gospel. the good news that he died and rose again for our sin. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Okay. So, let's get to the purpose of the foundation. So, anyone who knows anything about building, we'll come to the scripture in a little while. Anyone who knows anything about building knows that you cannot construct a building properly without a solid foundation. &gt;&gt; Right? Even if you had to build a house out of sticks like the second little pig, right? You still got to dig holes like maybe four holes in the ground and sink a large pole and put in cement in there to make the solid structure. Like if any of you have built a backyard wooden shed in the ground, you know that's what you've got to do. There has to be a foundation and the foundation is the strength of the house. Cuz if you don't have a solid foundation, the house falls down. Literally falls down. And so the foundation, the stronger the foundation, you know, if you if you come to the city like Durban or even worse, Johannesburg where you've got these buildings that are like 50 stories high, you know, can you imagine what that foundation must look like to hold that thing up in the sky, right? You you have got to spend they've got to spend months probably years planning the foundation based on what they want to put above ground. And that foundation has to be solid. It has to be dried. It's got to be tested. It's got to be uh tested by all the science forensics people you can think of. Before you put one thing up, it cannot be compromised. It's got to be checked for fractures, for cracks, for all that before you put up a building. So Christ himself when he spoke about this foundation that he was building, he was very proper about this. He didn't um he didn't compromise it with a show of faith. &gt;&gt; It had to be real faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. So he once gave a parable. You remember remember the parable of the wise and the foolish man. The wise man built his house upon a rock. The rock meaning a solid foundation. And the foolish man built his house upon the sand. And when the rains came down means the trials of life. The one who built his house on a rock, his house remained. So, which actually tells you when you're a Christian and your life is falling apart, you falling into all kinds of u backslidedness, it's your foundation that is a problem, right? This is easy to diagnose. What is your foundation? So, obviously, he was referring to the spiritual house that each man builds. Now watch that word rock. Rock symbolizes revelation. Right? So again, I'm I'm going to reiterate this because a lot of Christians don't get this. Rock has always been revelation, not signs, wonders, tongues, prophecies, healings, altar calls, shouting, screaming, all that. The shouting, screaming comes after the foundation is built. Amen. &gt;&gt; According to the book of Ezra, when the foundation is built, then come the emotions. But what is the rock? It's always been revelation. So now let's go to Matthew 16:16 to18. And everybody knows this. And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." So what is this? Jesus asked the the disciples, "Who do men say that I am?" And some said, "You are Isaiah the prophet." Some say you are Elias. Some say you are this. Some say you're a holy man. Some say you are a prophet. Who do you say that I am? And Peter answered, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Now hold that thought. Do you know how many people I think every single Christian believes this? Oh, Jesus Christ is the son of God. That's our our faith. He is the son of God. They still don't know what it means because they took son of God and said he is second person in the trinity. There is the father and then there is the son. They still don't know. Their faith, their foundation is fractured. How do we know? So Jesus said unto him, blessed art thou Simon Barjonah for flesh and blood. Are you listening? flesh and blood had not revealed this to you. This is not something your church came up with. This is not the theology you learned in Bible school. This is not the construction of the Trinity. Flesh and blood cannot reveal this to you. I'm challenging every one of you here. Your faith has to be not something that man has taught you. &gt;&gt; The spirit of God must have revealed this to you. You can only build upon that. And I said, uh, um, but but my father which is in heaven, it's got to come from God himself. And I say unto thee, verse 18, that thou art Peter, his name was Simon Barjonah, Simon's son of Jonas. And Christ said, you will now be named Peter. And upon this rock I will build my church upon what rock? So the Catholics said, "Peter, because he named Peter means a stone, a little stone. Right? So the Catholic Church says Christ built the church on Peter. That's why Peter was the first pope. It's nonsense. That's not the rock. The rock is the foundation. The rock is thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. Upon that rock, in other words, Christ is telling you the revelation that I am the Christ, the son of the living God. That's the foundation I will build my church on. &gt;&gt; That's the foundation. Are you all together? So if you're a Christian today, that's your starting point. Do you believe that he is the Christ, the son of the living God? Everyone will say, "Yes, amen. I believe that." What do you mean by that? That's what's important. What does it mean that Christ is the son of the living God? So a lot of Christians today uh this has been lost to them and that's why they are no longer a part of the building. This is the reason all Christian denominations are no longer a part of the building. They they're they're living under an illusion that they're a part of the building. They're not. They've been excommunicated. They have excommunicated themselves from the foundation &gt;&gt; because they took him and made him a second person in the trinity. &gt;&gt; They lost they they don't even know what it means that he is Christ the son of the living God. That's why they compromise on the word. So if you don't know what Christ the son of the living God means, you will never understand the second coming. and the capstone. If your foundation is wrong, you can never come to the capstone and see that you must be Christ, the son of the living God. &gt;&gt; If that's the foundation, how then are you Christ in the end? If you don't, if you see him as the second person of the Trinity, you will never accept that you can be Christ, the son of the living God. &gt;&gt; That's the whole purpose why this is what a believer must grow up into. Right? So, I want to put you into the picture. If he came and said, "I am Christ, the son of the living God. I'm a second person in the Trinity. Uh, the Father is God, and I am I am his emissary. I am his ambassador sent to you." They wouldn't have crucified him. They said, "Oh, okay. You're just like any other prophet." Then you're like a holy man who's come to draw us back to God and bring us to repentance. We're okay with that. That's not why they crucified him because they understood what Christ, the son of the living God, means. Amen. &gt;&gt; They said to him, "You being a man, make yourself God." The Jews understood what this phrase means. After 2,000 years, it's lost to the to people of the world because you're not Jewish. You don't understand that phrase that that that um that that those words. You don't understand what it means to be son of God. You you being a man make your they understood perfectly what that meant. &gt;&gt; In other words, I'll just say it. You are saying you are God. &gt;&gt; We have a problem with that. &gt;&gt; And why do they have a problem with that? They knew the Messiah was going to come. They knew the Messiah was going to be a man. They knew that God was going to become a man. It was prophesied of. They knew that. They couldn't accept the way he came. &gt;&gt; They thought he would come like the way he came to through Abraham. &gt;&gt; The fact that he came through Mary who was an unknown of the tribe of Judah where there was a scandal. She was espoused to her husband. There were no details in Isaiah that said it's going to be like that. &gt;&gt; Then when he comes, he does everything completely different to them. They couldn't accept this humanity that he looked like a normal person. He had no glowing aura. He had no halos or angels. He didn't walk around destroying the Romans and bringing earthquakes and plagues and and and condemning the sinful. He didn't do that. He didn't come and elevate the righteous, holy people that went to church every day. There was something wrong with their understanding of what son of God meant. But they crucified him for that. Right? So they understood him loud and clear as should any Christian today not get lost in theology. What I'm saying to you, I'm going to I'm going to tell you your foundation is this. Jesus Christ was God. &gt;&gt; That's your faith. That's where you start. If you don't have that, you can't build on it. Jesus Christ was God. God came from being a spirit and was made flesh in that man. &gt;&gt; He became a man so he could die cuz no other person could die for our sin. No other man was worthy to take the book. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If God did himself did not become man to take the sin upon himself, there's no way we could pay back for our sin. So the phrase which is the rock of the foundation of the church is simply this. Jesus Christ was God incarnate in a human body created by God himself and born through a virgin woman. That's your foundation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's your cornerstone. &gt;&gt; From there you build the rest. Now you can bring in how the church must come in. Water baptisms. uh godhead um um speaking in tongues, prophecies, dreams, visions, healings, altar calls, all that kind of you can bring in all that. But where do you start? What's your faith? That Jesus Christ is God. That is the foundation that the church is built upon. A lot of people miss this. So I want to bring it. So you saw Matthew chapter 16 verse 16 to 18. Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. So that's the Gospel of Matthew hearing what Peter said and recording that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now let's see how Luke records the very same interaction. &gt;&gt; Luke records the same thing and says something completely different. &gt;&gt; And he said unto them, but whom say you that I am? Now Luke is saying Peter answering said the Christ of God. He does. Now Luke doesn't record him saying you are the Christ, the son of the living God. &gt;&gt; Because Christianity today gets hooked on the word son. Luke said that Peter said, "Thou art the Christ of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He There's no mention of son here. &gt;&gt; It's the same interaction, same event. &gt;&gt; Two different men watching the scene recorded differently, but the same revelation. What does the Christ of God mean? Christ is the anointed, manifested flesh vessel. &gt;&gt; God incarnate, &gt;&gt; and he strictly charged them, tell no man that thing. &gt;&gt; Don't go around telling people. It's got to be a revelation to them. It's got to be a foundation of faith. Amen. You agree? Luke doesn't say son of God. He said Peter's answer was Christ of God. Praise be to his name. So then message people fall into this trap too, right? Because Luke doesn't say son of God. He says Christ of God. That tells you son of God is equal to Christ of God. Cuz you've got these two different accounts. Now you have to decide what your foundation is in this context. So why do message people fall into a trap? Because we are living in the days of the capstone age, the second coming. And why are they not accepting what the seven seal actually means? Why are they not accepting that you are supposed to be the purpose of all redemption is to make you the Christ of God. &gt;&gt; Why can they not accept that? Because they have not accepted the proper foundation in the first place. So they are rejecting what the headstone is revealed under the seventh seal. So what if you had to tell them that today under the capstone age and you say to them we are the Christ of God. It's going to be like oh really so now we must worship you. That's not what we're saying at all. Nobody's saying that. But we totally understand what Christ of God means. God made flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In this day, &gt;&gt; in this day, he came the first time to take sin upon him to die on the cross. This time, he's he's come he comes without sin. In other words, he's not going to die again. &gt;&gt; He does not have to we don't have to be crucified again. This is a different kind of coming. &gt;&gt; Amen. So spiritually we can understand that the first step of the gospel is to cement your soul in the faith of Christ. This means the first thing you need as a Christian to do is to make sure that you wholly believe. You must settle it in your soul. Jesus Christ is God. He died for my sin. You first have to realize I'm a sinner. I have faults. I have problems. And I cannot change my own ways. There's no way for me to change my own ways and his death. And this is the thing. How do we know that? Because if you know, if you have experienced the faith of Christ being God, you know, you're the only witness that your life has been changed. Nothing else can change you. I've seen people struggle with drinking, smoking, drugs, all that kind of addiction. Uh there's a lot of people who talk about going cold turkey, you know, just give it up all in all up in one day and they know it just doesn't. But the amount of people we know who are changed in one day because they have accepted the faith, nobody goes back to it. And then you have people who say once's an alcoholic always an alcoholic right which means afterward the smell affects them the thoughts the memories when you're someone who comes to the faith and accepts the salvation of Christ thereafter the smell makes you hate it like I I speak to some people you know who used to be smokers and you you think like when I mean smokers I mean like real chain smokers and then they they they come and they are saved They are completely changes. Talk about cold turkey. It's done. It's finished. It's it's over. Thereafter, they are the most intolerant people to others who are smoking like like the hatred of it. They can't stand it. We are actually who never smoked are actually more accommodating to people who are smokers. No, these guys who used to be chain smokers and who have been delivered. They the taste of it has gone from them. That's what I'm talking about. That's a change. Not a psychological uh movement that kind of you know go through these steps of getting rid of it. No, doesn't happen like that. God literally BUT IF YOUR FAITH is not real, if it's cracked, you cannot make true repentance. &gt;&gt; So you have to start there right now. So if you don't get that right, you cannot even begin to understand the deeper things of God, if you first cannot believe the truth. So if you don't know for sure in your heart that he is God, he is the Christ of God, how are you going to understand the seven church ages, the trumpets, the vials? if and we're going to we're going to get to this in the second half of the service to tell you what it means when you actually believe that. So the other thing is they'll people will say okay I can accept that I can believe that. No what you what you've done is convince yourself that it's something you need to accept. That's knowledge. That's reasoning. That's not believing. You it's got to be believed right? So if you can't begin by believing it, you will not believe other things. And you'll see how simple this is. Every Christian has to believe this. This is our foundation which many people have taken for granted. This is our foundation upon which we can be made strong. Upon which the church can be made strong. If a believer or a church is not cemented in this foundation, then it will be easy to be led astray by all winds of doctrine. &gt;&gt; Wrong doctrine. Amen. So Paul who is now you all agree Paul is the messenger to the first church age right? &gt;&gt; So he is part of the foundation of the church. &gt;&gt; Paul is part of the foundation and Paul warned us of this. Let's read. Let's go to 1 Corinthians 3 10-11. Amen. According to the grace of God which is given unto me as a wise master builder I have laid the foundation. I Paul have laid the foundation. Paul is calling himself a master builder. You agree? &gt;&gt; I love that the beginning the the first messenger is saying I'm a master builder and I have laid the foundation. So there's a lot of people who think Paul is not part of the foundation. He's he's telling us I have laid the foundation and another buildth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereon. This is where we're coming to. For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid. So you can't go back and assume you have laid you can lay another foundation after the foundation is laid which is Jesus Christ. [snorts] Are we together? Let's go to Galatians 1:8. And then he says, "But though we or an angel from heaven preach any other gospel uh unto you than that which you have we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said before, so say I." Now again, if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that you have received, let him be accursed. Got it? So what are we talking about? The foundation. So because he's built the foundation, he's saying no man can come and rebuild that foundation. &gt;&gt; Any man who comes after has to build on top of that &gt;&gt; because the foundation has been built from Christ. You can't lay another one. You can't come and claim you know Christ in a different way. We are the we are the the master builders of the foundation. We've started it. We are the witnesses. We saw him. We saw the purifier. He spoke to us. We are the beginners of this. You can't come and allow another man to restart this. Which is what the the Catholics did. Came and started with Mary olive tree an immaculate conception of Mary. This was Mary is not the foundation. &gt;&gt; She's not the Christ of God. &gt;&gt; You cannot build a foundation with her in it. See, marriolology does not exist in the foundation. There's no part of it where you can because if you do, then you're going to go to, you know, Mother Teresa and all these other people and now you've got these other factions of things coming through and it just does not fit with the with the building. Are you with me? So Paul refers to the plan. He says that all that they have done is according to the plan and it is right. If any man tries to deviate from that plan, let him be accursed. Right? This didn't mean that there if another man came and he said something different, there is a curse upon him. Right? This meant that the man must be put out from among us. In other words, being treated like something that is accursed, meaning something that we cannot agree with, we must separate ourselves from him. You got it? He must be treated like the thing. Like for example, in that in those days, eating pork was the thing. Eating unclean meat was the thing. That didn't mean you um um every pig that you saw, you had to kill it. It served its place in society. Is this right? Amen. I am amazed at the hypocrisy of people who callously use the scripture to brand other people saying just because they preach differently from us, they are a perverse thing or that they are, you know, something that needs to be uh spoken against and demonized and called all sorts of stuff, right? All kinds of horrible language. The entire New Testament is clear about the mystery of Christ as the foundation. You agree? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, but who really has perverted the foundation? Who and why don't they accept if um these ministers who speak out against people preaching what the capstone is today? Why can they not see what the capstone is? Why? because they have perverted the foundation. &gt;&gt; Amen. You agree? &gt;&gt; Okay. So, here's something you need to ask yourself in your life as a Christian. Have you ever asked yourself, "What is the real gospel of Christ?" What is the real gospel of Jesus Christ? Mhm. Because that's where you've got to start. We come into church and we we say, you know, I'll choose this church as my fellowship and this looks like a nice place to be. And that's how people choose churches today. I like the music. I like the building. I like the people that's how you find that's how you find a church. And then you settle down and think, "This is a nice place. I like how the people dress here. I like how they handle the Sunday school. It looks like they can teach my kids nicely, you know. That's not how you choose a church. Does that church have the firm foundation? Is it built upon the right foundation? Because if it's not built upon the right foundation, you cannot build upon it according to the word. &gt;&gt; You will compromise the building. Now the foundation was a fiercely protected thing. That's why. Are you listening to me? I'm I'm going to make this as clear as day. These people died for it. They gave their lives for it. &gt;&gt; They were crucified upside down. They were beheaded. &gt;&gt; They were torn aunder. &gt;&gt; They were quartered. They were willing to die for this foundation. They spoke out unhindered. They would they would come into the marketplaces of cities and towns and speak the foundation and get arrested and thrown in prison and die there. You wouldn't find these people today walk into Christian churches and say, "I choose this church for my family. I'll settle down here. I'll do this." Will you die for it? YOU WOULDN'T DIE FOR IT. This is how these people began THE FOUNDATION. &gt;&gt; THEY DIED FOR IT. &gt;&gt; For people, Christians today, one thing said that rubs you up the wrong way. You're you're ready to quit. You're ready to leave. That already tells me your foundation was not right. You never even hit the the the rock, the bedrock. You were not even anchored. If you're just so easily willing to quit over whatever it is, some silly man's words or something that offended you, your foundation was wrong. Because if your foundation is right, you're willing to set your life on it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let's talk about our foundation. Right? They anchored this foundation so strong that it wasn't difficult to add us to the building. Amen. Those who in themselves if you match the foundation you can easily be added to the building. Right? So let me give you an example. Let's say the foundation of let's say you have a rectangular church right? The the walls are straight. Okay. And your your foundation is built perfect perfect line. Can you go and put like a a circular rock on top of that and build other little bricks? Can you go and put a a a piece of rock that looks like an like an octagon or a hexagon or a star- shaped rock or some other kind of weird rock and think you can build other rocks on top of it? No, you can't. It's got to match the foundation. &gt;&gt; Let's read a message handwriting on the wall. said, someone said to me a a time some time ago said, "Preacher, our foundation of America was founded upon the reverence and the respects of our forefathers. They were religious men. Therefore, God will protect this nation forever." Brother says, "He will have no more respect for us than he did for Israel. ISRAEL WAS CALLED AND CHOSEN PEOPLE, and when they sowed, they reaped what they sowed." And that goes for individuals. No matter how holy or church we claim to belong to or how good we try to live, God is obligated to his word to judge us according to what he said. Our foundation is not our church. Our foundation is not William Brandom. Our foundation is on the word for your day. Our our foundation is not our church. It's not our teachings or even the message of this day. The message of this DAY IS BUILT UPON THE FOUNDATION. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; Our foundation is not our traditions. Our foundation is not water baptisms, godhead, serpent seed. Our foundations is not communion or gathering of the people. Our foundation should and always be the mystery of Christ. Anything that is built upon that foundation must match the foundation. &gt;&gt; See what is the perfect foundation saints? Faith. &gt;&gt; The right faith. Let's go to proof of his resurrection. The next quote paragraph 65. Now you can't do it in your old mind. You can't do it. It's you're like trying to put paper on a building or paint it up when the conditions are too bad when the foundation is condemned. If the government condemns a house, the foundations is rotten. How can you build upon that house? You're only building for a fall. No matter how much you paint the inside, how good you paper it up, so wallpaper it up, all the cracks, right? How many shingles you put over the top of it, how many shrines you raise, how many crucifixes or crosses you put everywhere, it's going to fall. THE FOUNDATION IS WRONG. The foundation is rotten. And man in his mental way of thinking is wrong to begin with. So I, you know, apart from reading quotes and scriptures, let's just say it plainly. When you come into this world and you will go looking for God, you're already looking for the wrong thing. You don't know what to look for. Your idea of God is already rotten. If you try to live a righteous life, you know, I grew up in this town. I grew up with young people of all sorts of faith. Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, Christians, Pentecostals, Catholics. I grew up with them all. I've watched them try to to be righteous. I watched them. I I I played cricket with them. I played sport with them. I did speeches with them. I went to all the functions our schools had. I watched those young people try to be good people. That without foundation you cannot. I I've watched this. We all we all had the same start, right? As young people. I went to Esiva Primary School. We were all little children. We did stupid things. We were corrected by the principal. We uh we all learned you are a boy, you are a girl. At first, I'm just telling you how you grew up. And at first, when you see these primary school kids, the boys don't want to play with the go. I don't want to play with you. You're a girl. I don't want to play. You're a boy. Boy, sit there. Girls, sit there. And you saw this. Nobody taught them that. They just kind of figured this out, right? And then as they get to like 12 years old, now suddenly they're starting to have crushes on each other. Now they the boys want to be with the girls. The girls want to be with the boys, right? Things are changing. And then they get to to 12, well 13 when we were here. Now nowadays it's in primary school. They want to swear when they seven. They want to use horrible words. Back then we didn't want to swear. We just started the boys started learning slang and so on. My point is you got innocent children of all races and religions. All of them trying to be good. Teachers are trying to make them be good. Don't do this. Don't do this. Do your work on time. Uh do your homework. Speak with correct manners. Remember in uh I don't know some of you ever went to Esiv Primary School when I was uh silence is golden. Manners maketh the man. you know reading all those things they taught us today you got all these children who come up they don't even read a single book they don't even they don't even believe in silence that silence is golden like shut up and listen then you learn something no before you even finish the sentence they're interrupting you because they want to tell you their truth that's where we are today again coming back to my point no matter what your foundation is if it's not built on a solid rock, you are going to get to high school and you're going to want to desire immediately as a boy. I got to try to smoke. I got to try to tr it. I want to I want to swear when the teacher turns his back, I want to swear him. And my friends think, "Oh, he's so cool. He swore the teacher, the worst teacher, the math teacher. He showed him a thing or two." What makes a child who started off innocent start to come to a place where he desires to be unh wholesome, ugly, foul-mouthed, errant, criminal in his thinking, wanting to steal FROM EACH OTHER, WANTING TO STEAL each other's girlfriends and boyfriends. YOU'RE NOT EVEN AN ADULT yet and you're already stepping into a realm of of being evil, BEING UGLY, BEING BAD, being foul-mouthed. Why? Because and and I saw them of every religion, none of them could achieve it. All of them, oh, it's okay. This is how we are. This is what we do. Let's cheat. Let's lie. Let's swear. Let's curse. Let's do every wrong thing in the book. If you have the right foundation, you will not tend in that direction. &gt;&gt; There's no way you can argue that point with me. I've lived this life and I've seen it. If we don't start right on the right foundation correctly, you cannot build a roof when the foundation is compromised. You cannot put the roof on, stand outside. That's what he's saying. You can paint up. You can put all the crosses. You can put the cloud picture. You can put Hoffman's head. You can do all these things, all furnishings and everything. If your foundation is not the right kind of faith, you are going to come out in the end and say, "This message is false. William Brand is a false prophet. I'm leaving. I'm quitting. I blame you, my parents. You made me live an awful life. You did this to me. You did that to me." Why? Your foundation has never even been Christ. Don't even lie to us. Because there really is nothing wrong with what the prophet tells you. What is wrong about telling you smoking is wrong, drinking is wrong, adultery is wrong, fornication is wrong? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with telling you to dress right, to speak properly? There's nothing wrong with that. The truth is something inside of you doesn't want to live right because you haven't even hit the foundation. You cannot try to work this up. And I want to tell you, don't think you can go to all these youth camps, message camps, whatever it is, and have a feeling, have an altar call and stand there and shout and scream and and feel like the spirit came on you. And from there, you that's not even your foundation. That must come after the foundation has been built, &gt;&gt; right? That is part of the foundation now. Jesus dying for your sin, rising again, resurrecting and ascending. Their foundation, they had to believe he was the Christ before he died. &gt;&gt; When Peter said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." This was before he died and rose again. Amen. &gt;&gt; So if he was uh let's think of it this way. Dying for your sin, resurrecting and ascending was built upon the most important thing. Dying, resurrecting, and ascending is not even the foundation. That was built upon the foundation. &gt;&gt; What was the foundation? Thou art the Christ of God. Let's say he was just a holy man. Are you listening? Let's say he was just another holy man who lived right, did all the the things the church and the scriptures tell us, and then he died and rose again. It means nothing. &gt;&gt; Lazarus died and rose again. &gt;&gt; Our foundation is not built on Lazarus. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? The foundation is THAT HE IS THE CHRIST of God. &gt;&gt; Everything else is built on that. &gt;&gt; If he was just a holy man like some of them believed, it's not going to cut it. Let's go to Ephesians 2:8. For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. So the main thing about the understanding of the foundation is that it was laid to be built on. Nobody lays a foundation and then walks away and say, "Yeah, great. Let's have a party. We have a foundation." You can't live on the foundation. &gt;&gt; The foundation is not going to shelter you. &gt;&gt; The foundation is not going to keep the storms away from you. The foundation needs to be built upon. This is why the church people who speak apostolic doctrine and this and that and you got to bring it back to this and that. No, that has to be built upon. The foundation is not enough to complete you. &gt;&gt; The joy of the foundation like the old temple will not last like those people. What would have been the point in Ezra chapter 3 if they built the foundation and stopped and said and they were shouting, screaming, crying, weeping, having a religious time so that the noise went to far distances that people could hear what was going on. What would be the point if they came back every single day and did the same service over just the foundation? No point. Why? Because it's not going to keep. You can't live on only a foundation. Matthew 14:29-31 says he said come. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water to go to Jesus. And when he saw the wind boisterous, he was afraid and begin to sink. And he cried, saying, Lord, save me. And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand and caught him and said unto him, Oh thou of little faith, wherefore dst thou doubt? Are we together? So we are coming to a very important part of our faith. There is nothing else that can be the foundation of the temple of God. My point is knowledge cannot be a foundation. &gt;&gt; Love cannot be a foundation. &gt;&gt; Brotherly kindness, not even virtue. Yes. &gt;&gt; Listen, a holy life lived according to the standards of the message cannot be a firm foundation. &gt;&gt; It will fail you. There is nothing else that can be a foundation for a perfect man. It has to be faith. Right? Now, we need to find that. So, there are basically five senses of the body, right? See, smell, taste, hear, touch. Agreed? Basically five senses. And then there are five basic senses of the spirit. But there are only two senses in the soul, &gt;&gt; right? And that's either faith or doubt. &gt;&gt; So you you can have only one of the two. If in or let me say it this way, you should have only one of the two which is faith. &gt;&gt; The soul was made for faith. &gt;&gt; Right? So that's where we we're coming to the second half of our teaching. Notice Jesus question, right? Uh uh Jesus question concerning faith or doubt. Uh how does this faith work then? Right? Do you doubt because you have little faith? Because he said, "Oh thou of little faith, wherefore did thou doubt?" So his question is, "Why did you doubt?" &gt;&gt; What was the reason for you having doubt? You saw me? Don't you believe in me? Why did you doubt? So how does this work? Right? Do you doubt because you have little faith or do you have little faith because you doubt? Are you understanding my question? All right. So, we are going to do this through the entire teaching till we reach the top. We're going to take many months to get through this, right? But the basic understanding is the growth of a child to manhood. From infancy to manhood, from infancy to maturity. Are you with me? Now when a baby is born there is zero doubt in him. &gt;&gt; Zero doubt. Okay. He has no doubt in him whatsoever. He only has faith and he has zero ability. He cannot walk. He cannot crawl. He cannot feed himself. He cannot roll over. He cannot pick his head up. He has zero doubt and zero ability. Can you imagine being that kind of person? That's how you start it off. Zero doubt, zero ability. Okay. So, the first thing if you know a baby, the first thing in his development now obviously it would be wrong if a baby came out of the womb and started running around everywhere doing everything, GRABBING THIS, GRABBING. CAN YOU imagine just being born in the first day, jump off the hospital bed, run around talking to the doctors, the nurses, teasing them, stealing stuff, running? That would be crazy that you look at this and think this thing is possessed. Put it back. Right? That's wrong. You just can't do that. The baby is born with zero doubt, zero ability. Now, uh, for and then the first thing when he develops them. Okay. So let me give you a little bit of science. So the baby starts to drink milk from the mother. Within the first week, it has to rise in weight by half a kg, 500 g. Agreed? If you go to clinics, you go every every sort of 7 days and you weigh the baby. They check the height, they check all the parameters, all whatever it is, and the the weight and they checking that the baby is literally gaining half a kg every week. That's a healthy baby. Why? What is happening? Whatever he's drinking is starting to give him ability. Within the first 3 weeks, you see him start to lift his neck. Like you can leave him on his back. When they're born, you leave them on their back, they can't move. They're so zero inability. They can die from their head being stuck in a in a mattress and they can't breathe. So that's why you got to take care of them. And then they start getting ability to lift the neck because the food they're taking in is giving strength to the muscles which is the next step we come to is virtue which is ability. You'll see it right now. Let's move on. So this baby all he has is when he opens his eyes the doctors know this because this is scientific as well. put the baby in the mother's arms and the child has to lock eyes with the baby. I mean the the the child has to lock eyes with the mother. The mother lock eyes with the baby. Immediately the child recognizes the mother immediately faith. This is mom. He doesn't even know what's mom. He doesn't know mother. He doesn't know English. He doesn't know Zulu or any language. He just locks eyes and knows this is you. I know you. I believe in you. And a smile opens up. Like the baby doesn't look at mom and you if if you ever witness it, it's the most amazing thing. The baby opens his eyes like struggling to open his eyes like this. And when he locks eyes with mom, you just see this smile, this alien looking smile, right? Squashed up face like a prune and then smile and then this gurgle like it's so beautiful to watch, right? But um uh at that moment there's only faith. There's no doubt. This child is not going to open its eyes and and go, "Whoa, WHO ARE YOU? WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?" There's no doubt. There's no reason to question. This child knows. I know you. You're taking care of me. You're the one I believe in. That's how it begins. It's faith. And what does he do from there? He got no speech. He can't talk. He can't articulate. He just says mom says, "Okay, he needs food." The next time he goes, and then mom says, "He's nappy. Needs to be changed." He just cry. He just cries and things get done for him. That's faith. Zero ability, zero doubt. Just cry out to your heavenly father and things get done because he knows you're weak. &gt;&gt; You have no ability. All you're going to have is faith, right? And then at first when the little infants, everybody carries them. Is that right? The uncle, the aunt comes home, can I carry him? Can I feed him? And yeah, he doesn't care. They stand, they hold him, they give him a bottle, they feed him, they change his nappy. He's letting them do everything. No problem. Within a few months, his eyes have recognized your mom, your dad. You I don't know. You I don't know. You smell funny. You smell funnier. You I don't like. What is that? That's knowledge coming in. Right? He started to recognize things. He started to recognize people. He knows his room. He knows the smells. That's And the moment knowledge starts coming in is when doubt starts coming in. Because now some that same uncle comes to pick him up and he says I don't want you [snorts] right. Why? Because that's what knowledge does. &gt;&gt; This is the problem with knowledge. Because and if you don't get the right knowledge, knowledge is going to produce doubt. So you THAT'S WHY YOU CAN'T START WITH knowledge first. If you have knowledge first, you'll starve to death as a baby. Once he gets to know his parents, then he begins to distrust other people as his parents begin to teach him. Now, so remember this because we're going to speak about this. You're going to see this as the development of a human being. Isn't it amazing that this is in the Bible as a spiritual growth? It so matches the natural. So his parents begin to teach him. Now he's growing. And his parents teach him more knowledgeable. They'll tell him water. Water. Say water. What are they teaching him? What water is when he when he gets to drink water? There's now teach him. He'll go wo. So now he needs more ability, more knowledge. He's going to try and speak this. But when the next time he's not going to say, "Ah." And they give him water. They're going to he's as he's growing. HE GOES, "AH." AND THEY SAY, "What do you want?" Then he's going to go wa then he's ah water why the knowledge has given him the ability to communicate he's developing &gt;&gt; but now he he's if he doesn't have faith in his parents to give him the water he won't use the knowledge to ask them for it HAD TO HAVE STARTED WITH FAITH &gt;&gt; THEN the knowledge works &gt;&gt; amen so now he begins to start questioning everything. He needs his parents by his side constantly because he's beginning to lose his faith he originally had. Right? Where once the child lived by instinct and faith, now he starts depending on knowledge. He now wants to know everything. He wants to stick his fingers in the plug socket. Even when they tell him don't do that, he wants to try. They tell him don't do that. [snorts] He wants to do it. He Why? Because knowledge has taken over. He wants to know things, right? And so once before he lived just instinct and faith, now he's depending on knowledge and then fear steps in because knowledge brings fear as well. Why? Because his parents will say, "Don't do that. YOU'LL GET HURT. STOP IT. YOU'LL FALL. DON'T DO THAT. YOU AND YOU'LL be like you start literally seeing it take over his body. Trust me, when we get to this, you're going to know what I'm talking about. And you people, what makes you fear demon spirits? Why should you fear demons? Why should you fear witch doctors and evil things and evil paintings and all? Why should Why should you fear those things? What made you fear? Someone told you a story. Someone gave you corrupt knowledge. Someone made you afraid of be afraid of things that go bump in the night. Someone made you afraid of darkness. They gave you the wrong knowledge. And then knowledge created fear and fear created doubt. You should be able to stand in pure darkness and not be afraid because what is it? It's just darkness. What's there to be afraid of? Right? You know, if you want to train a child to be a to be not afraid of darkness, sit in a dark room with your child and play games. You ever thought of that? Then they get comfortable in there. Play games with them. Sit there and say, "Can you feel my hand? Can you feel my fingers? Can you feel my face? Can you see this? Then I'm moving to this corner of the room. You come and find me in the dark." And they love hide and seek. It's pitch dark and then the next thing you know the fear why you gave them the right knowledge but when you yourself and the lights go off AND YOU GO OH that whole thing transfers to your child and your child gets terrified of darkness h we'll get to that trust me there's so much to what our ancestors and parents did to us it's crazy the amount of things you know among the Indian girls are like, "Don't go out in the night with your hair open. The spirits will grab you." You know, when a when a hearse goes by, touch wood. Otherwise, you go next. You know, I see that. Some of my cousins will be like the hearse will be going by, they all run to touch some kind of wooden furniture. What is going on with you people? Oh, no. You have to do that otherwise you'll die next. It's ridiculous. When you get the wrong knowledge, it produces fear and fear produces doubt. We're coming to why this is important. So knowledge brings fear. And in some ways, right, let's let's bring a balance to this. If you tell a child, do not put your hand on a hot stove, you are giving him knowledge. But then [clears throat] he's not really going to understand that because the knowledge does not become effective unless he gets burned once. When he gets burned, that's the truth of the knowledge you gave him. Now he's never going to touch that again. Unless he actually experiences heat and cold to understand it, to know the truth of it, it cannot be powerful to him. A person cannot live life just being lectured at. You have to experience it. So fear also brings wisdom of danger. Okay? Let's not trash fear. So it's in natural life, it's important for us to have fear. Like for example, if you're walking on ground that's unstable, if you have fear of unstable ground, then you'll sense it and you'll doubt the ground. You'll walk carefully. You'll do something to protect yourself. You'll preserve your life. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; However, when it comes to the word of God, one should not be cautious with God's promises. What's there to be cautious about? &gt;&gt; Our belief in him should be like instinct. Like this is father. &gt;&gt; He loves me. He'll provide for me. He knows what I need. I will not doubt him. So when it comes to the word, we should not be cautious with God's promises. Our belief should be instinct. Worse than this is something that grew because of our love for knowledge. So everybody today, if you want to know why our world is crumbling, are you with me? It's because of the the love of knowledge. This the smartphone and the internet has created the love of knowledge and placed the love of knowledge above everything else. &gt;&gt; You are consuming knowledge at a rate like no other humans in the past. &gt;&gt; Every time you watch YouTube videos or listen to a podcast or read the news, read the internet, let me just give you an example. What if the newspapers only reported positive news every page? What would your life then be? Do you realize news only reports negative? &gt;&gt; Like and most of the headlines is something negative. It's something against the somebody died, some earthquake, some plane crash. So many lives were lost. Imagine if they reported every plane crash on the the front page. You'll never fly a plane because that knowledge on increase is going to give you fear and you'll never fly a plane. Every if every page of the newspaper every day reports murders, you'll think South Africa is filled with murderers. like what the Americans think about us today, you know, that we are all murdering white people in the streets. It's just not true. It's not happening. Criminals are murdering all races in the streets. And and it's not even like that. You could we live such a normal life. Criminals are are very nervous characters who don't want to be seen. They want to come and steal something and disappear without getting caught. It's because we get brave and get in the way. We get killed. It's different from the actual hitmen who want to kill you because you have millions in your bank account and they know they can get something from you. So in this country, if you don't want to be targeted by hitman, don't drive a Rolls-Royce and flash it around and wear expensive clothing and show people how much money you have in your live simple, humble, no one will touch you. [snorts] The same same thing everywhere in the world, right? But look at this idea. The news is only negative. And what does negative news produce? Doubt, fear, anger, political sides being chosen. Nobody tells you the good that men do. You know, and in one corner of the newspaper on one page, you find this old lady saved a dog. Yay. Nobody even sees that one good news article for the whole week. An old lady saved a dog. Okay. Risked her life to save a dog. Imagine if they stopped writing news about only politicians and governments. What if they told us things that every regular person What if news reporters went around reporting on regular things that that people like you and I do? Would we be interested in it today? No, today you are addicted to negative news. Today you want you're following somebody. You're following some guy. You're following what they what they're talking about Donald Trump. You're following what they're talking about surroa. You're following the politics of the country. You want to know. You actually not read that newspaper because it's not giving you enough news about that. You're addicted to negative news. You're addicted to drama. And what does it produce in your body? Negativity, argumentative nature, hostility, uh, uh, prejudice. It's what knowledge you're feeding is what is producing an actual reaction. You know, I I meet young people can meet them at universities. I pick up my son at university, meet some of their colleagues and meet some of their people and you just within 5 minutes you can already pick up this is not a happy person. This person has been indoctrinated with ideologies and and hate and nervousness and and all we are is one human to another. We've got the same red blood. We eat the same food. We live we walk in the same land. We're the same human beings. But what's your reason for distrusting my word? What's your reason for psychoanalyzing everything I got to say? Why can't we just take one another as human to human and appreciate who we are? Why? Because you're being fed negativity all your life. Why am I telling you this? What happens when you as a church are fed only one thing all the time? What happens to a message church when all you have is being corrected, corrected, corrected on the rules, the rules, the rules, the dressing, the this, don't do this, don't do that. What do you think you're going to become? What what what if you are not being taught the goodness of God, the graciousness graciousness of God, the the wealth, the richness in his word, the the word that teaches you what our behavior ought to be that challenges the fear and the doubt in your soul and brings light. See, we always want to know something about everything. We won't. And listen, all of us fall to this, right? You won't buy something unless you read the label. Am I right? And we don't understand. We don't if we don't understand the label, we'll go to someone who works there and say, "This says this. What do you think about this? What do you recommend?" But you get some people who say, "Yeah, let's try it." Right? That doesn't mean those people have faith. And neither does the other person have faith. Nah, let's try it. Is not faith. That's that's like risky behavior. That's like, well, there's a river there. There's a cliff here. Let's just jump off and see if it's deep enough for me to have a swim in. You're jumping from 30 m high. Let's just jump off and see if I live. That's stupidity. Okay. So we when we see those people who say ah let's try it we call them naive and reckless and immature but truthfully some people who will will be they probably live by instinct more than others like you so you get a lot of people who live by instinct they actually have a little bit more faith like you get people who will look down at the river and they'll see oh it's flowing quite fast that means it's quite deep and I can't see any And there's a certain color and this they are more in tune to their instincts than you are. And you look there for one, it's too high. I'm not doing this. I don't trust anything. Somebody will actually jump in and you'll see them falling. Hey, it's okay. You can jump. No way. I'm not doing it. I don't care whether you survive. I'm not doing this. You're just someone who doesn't even trust your own instincts, right? Because you've been brought up in a certain way. &gt;&gt; Yes. So we have become so dependent on knowledge that we doubt everything that we don't know about. To us that is natural and there is nothing wrong with that. So we live our lives being faith-based on our knowledge. That's the problem with the Christian church. You are telling yourself, you are basing your faith upon your knowledge. Your knowledge must be based on your faith. &gt;&gt; See, so if we know about something, then we won't doubt it. That's how we think and then I'll have faith in it. Like that's so flawed because how do you know that what you know is actually right and it doesn't work? It never works. Right? we will even then now you you collect all this knowledge in and then you say okay now I understand it and now I want to base my faith on now I'm going to believe it because I understand it right and then you you say okay now I want to spread my faith I want to go tell people now you go and tell people and other people they listen to what you're saying they don't have all your knowledge but they think you're a fraud you don't really believe what you're And they're right because you base your faith on your knowledge. You don't have knowledge based on faith. Which means they can tell people can tell that your conviction is not real. This is how when a politician is speaking, giving a speech when S. Raapora is giving us a speech and we know hey come on you can tell there's no conviction in there. And he says, "Fellow South Africans, everything is going to be all right." Right? It doesn't matter which. Whether it's Emanuel Mcron from France, whether it's Donald Trump from America, wherever they are, when they come out and give us a speech, the moment they say good morning, we know the first thing he's saying is a lie. The way he's standing there, what they came, they put the flags behind, they painted, they put up a screen. People only do that when they're not telling you the full truth. Like why can't you tell the truth from wherever you are? Why do you need the whole setup to make you look like you are loyal to the flag to put the colors there to have certain important people like if you're coming to tell the people about the labor unions? You have labor labor union representatives there. Why must you have them there? To convince the people on the TV that I'm telling you the truth. Even these people agree with me. In the meantime, you paid them 10,000 rand each to be there. H right. WHAT AM I SAYING TO YOU? YOU GOT no knowledge, but you can tell you're a fraud. &gt;&gt; You has no conviction in you. You're you're knowledgeable. You're spouting all the right words in the legislature and the laws of the country and you're saying all the right things. You got the right catchphrases. And you even know they've got these the little screens here. You know these teleprompterss where their words are flowing for them to just they're looking right and left and they're just reading things off a script and you know it's not even written by them. It's written by speech writers. So if you you're not even saying your own word, you're saying what your party wrote there for you to say. Who are you? You're a puppet. You're speaking words but you're not even you have no conviction over that's why I'm saying even to come here and preach a message and to go into chat GPT and say give me a message about you know stature of perfect man faith and he puts it out and then I come and preach from chat GPT I haven't even studied it I haven't even thought about I haven't even looked at it you'll know immediately this guy's a fraud are you with me trust me that's going to happen a lot of people are already spouting sermons from Chad GPT. So we live our lives having faith based faith based on our knowledge and that's wrong. It's not it's not so with God. God needs to know that you can have faith and then he can give you knowledge. Just like that little baby once had faith and then knowledge came in. So does God require that of us. He begins our growth with faith AND ONLY THE THIRD STEP IS KNOWLEDGE. &gt;&gt; Even before that is virtue. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. So when you have faith in him, do you uh only then can you really get to know God. So So let's put it back to this baby. All the baby knows is these two people, mom and dad. He still doesn't even know what their names are. For the first few years of your child's life, you are mommy and daddy. They don't know you. They don't know how you met. They don't know where you came from. They don't even they know grandma and grandpa. They don't even know how grandma and grandpa are connected to him to him or to you. They don't even know that's your that's daddy's father. That's mommy's father. They don't know that. They get zero knowledge on that. They just recognize you're a familiar person who comes to this house every day and gives me treats and tells me nice things and your name is grandpa or grandma. They have no connection to who you are in the family. They don't even know who their siblings are. The little baby grows up. This is his brother and sister. He doesn't even know who they are. There's no knowledge. All he has is ability to get along with them. Amen. &gt;&gt; He's going to get to know who they are over time. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; That's how it works. God's not even going to give you knowledge from the get- go. &gt;&gt; You need faith first. &gt;&gt; To have faith is to believe in something without proof. Amen. Believe in it without proof or reason or want of anything. Okay, let's get to doubt versus faith. Are you still with me? Believe me, we're more than halfway through. So, doubt is not a real thing. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Just as death is not a real thing, life is real. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Death is the absence of life. Got it? If you see a a dead man, that's no longer a person. The person is gone. That that cannot even be identified. There's no identification. There's no life in it. It cannot speak. The dead body is is just now an empty shell. It is a nothing. It then becomes you put it in the ground, you put it in the furnace, it has gone into nothing. That death is nothing. Life is everything. &gt;&gt; Life is real. Light is real. What is darkness? It's the absence of light. &gt;&gt; What is doubt then? It's the absence of faith. &gt;&gt; How do we know that? Because when a baby is born, he starts off with faith first. Then he is bad knowledge starts removing faith and the absence of faith is doubt. Got it? That's the simple concept of it. Now let's test it. Truth is reality. Lies is not reality. Are we together? Do you understand? Is that clear? &gt;&gt; If someone lies to you about it, it means it's not true. It means it doesn't exist. &gt;&gt; The truth actually exists. The lie is not real. &gt;&gt; So if someone said, "Brother Alistister said this," and if that's the truth, that's exactly what happened. But if they told you I said something that I did not, it it's not even real. It never even happened. The words they said that I said did not even go out into the ether. &gt;&gt; It's a lie. It never even happened. Are you with me? It's not reality. So what is a lie then? It's the absence of truth. &gt;&gt; Death is the absence of life. These are there there are real things. Love is real. Uh life is real, truth is real. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And they have become now what's happened in in this world is you are being fed lies every day on the internet, in the newspapers, in religions. Is that right? And you are living by something. You are trying to put faith in something that is not real. It's not even true. And what's going to happen is everything that that is unreal is being posed to us as being the truth and being real being reality. So then what happens is it comes into us and uh because of doubt we start to accept things that are not real as if they are real. Let's make that plain. If somebody comes to you and lies to you about your brother or sister or family member and you believe the lie, what does it mean? What does it even mean that you believe the lie? Because it's not even real. &gt;&gt; What it means is you accepted it by knowledge and reasoning and you now are acting upon it to go and live by it. You're starting to live by something that is not real. That means you'll start if somebody comes and tells you that person said this about you and it's not real. You then will start living your life treating that person in a way as if they actually said something and that person is genuinely confused. Like why is that person not greeting me today? Why did they not shake my hand? Did I do something? Did I say something? And that per and you're walking around like yeah I know what you said. &gt;&gt; You know this is how it's going to be. I'm not going to phone you. I'm not going to visit you. I'm not going to do anything from now on. You don't even You sit over there. I sit over here and it's not even reality. Amen. So what happens is someone gave you false knowledge and it's allowing doubt to enter in because faith is being removed. Knowledge does not necessarily mean truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; Sometimes the knowledge that you receive is corrupt knowledge and it produces more doubt than it should. Are you with me? Let's read. Greatest battle ever fought. The great hour of charge is at hand. Hallelujah. Soldiers with with armor gleaming, color streaming. Faith and doubt. I want you to see brother man is saying faith and doubt is set is setting themselves in array. Faith and doubt like two armies are setting themselves ready for battle in this tabernacle this morning. Doubt on one side, faith on the other side. Soldiers stand at your post of duty. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Our captain the morning starling John. He never goes back. He don't know the word retreat. He don't have to retreat. Amen. The faith side does not retreat. The greatest battle ever fought is going on right now. Yes, sir. Between life and death, between sickness and hell, between faith and doubt. Oh my. Between liberty and bondage, the battle is on. Shine your spears, soldiers, polish up the armor. There is always been a war going on in our souls between doubt and faith. &gt;&gt; Since doubt is not a real thing, you cannot really get doubt out. You can only put faith in. &gt;&gt; You got it? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All right. This is why the only thing you can actually place faith in is truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's go to expectancy message expectancy. Faith knows no defeat. Faith is perfect. Faith brings things when there is no things to be brought. Faith creates. Faith takes doubt away. Takes negative and makes positive. How beautiful. Faith is not mythical. Something mentally worked up. It's an absolutely fundamental result that happens in a person's heart. When faith is appropriated, there is something in the person's heart. But it can't be based on say well go touch a tree, you'll get well. Pray to the post. It's got to have a foundation. That foundation is the cornerstone. It's got to be based on Christ. Let's go to Romans 10:17. So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Now hold that thought. Faith cometh by hearing. In the Bible, hearing does not mean I heard you. &gt;&gt; In the Bible, when they say I hear you, it means I understand you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, faith comes by understanding. And not just understanding. Understanding comes by the word of God. &gt;&gt; Faith comes by understanding. Understanding comes by the word of God. Which means you must have understanding that comes from God that Jesus is the Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And faith comes by that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you with us? &gt;&gt; Hearing. So you don't need all the knowledge in the world. Do you see that? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You don't need knowledge. This is the fallacy. Knowledge doesn't give you understanding. &gt;&gt; Amen. I mean, do you know how many people read the newspaper and don't get the right thing? Do you know how many people read the internet and get the wrong You can hear 20 different stories from the same article. That means people will read the same thing and not get the right understanding. Do you know how many This is the reason I still have a job. When I say that, I mean that as a pastor, the reason why there still has to be a five-fold ministry is because people read the Bible for 2,000 or 1,500 years, the English Bible, and still get it wrong. Which means the only thing is we by the Holy Ghost are tasked to bring understanding. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We can't rewrite the Bible. The Bible is there. There's the knowledge. &gt;&gt; We are tasked by the Holy Spirit to bring understanding. See it. The word of God gives us understanding only because of one thing. The Holy Spirit. He shall guide you into all truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Ephesians 1:17 to 18. that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him, the eyes of your understanding being enlightened, that you may know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints. The eyes of your understanding being enlightened. What does it mean? How does it happen? By the Holy Spirit. How he's going to give you the spirit of wisdom and revelation. Can you see that? that he may give you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. He's not giving you the knowledge of him so you can get wisdom and revelation. Job 32:8, "But there is a spirit in man, and I love this, and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding." Yes. &gt;&gt; So faith cometh by understanding and understanding comes by the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Understanding comes by the word of God. So people will say, "Oh, the word of God, the Bible, that's the written word." The word of God is a person. &gt;&gt; It's the logos. It's the revelation of all things. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; 1 Corinthians 14:14-15. For I pray, For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit prayeth, but my understanding is unfruitful. What is it then? I will pray with the SPIRIT AND I WILL pray with the understanding also. I will sing with the spirit and I will sing with the understanding also. You don't just pray. You don't just sing. &gt;&gt; You sing with understanding. You pray with understanding. Most Christians only want to sing in the spirit, shout in the spirit, pray in the spirit. Do you hear that? They think praying in the spirit means praying with tongues. &gt;&gt; Where's the understanding? Because if you have the understanding, then you'll be led of God to pray the right thing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To know what it is you're singing. So understanding then is actually revelation which is what the rock from the beginning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Faith can only come into your soul if God grants you revelation. Saints, let me put it to you this way and I and I keep saying this in our church back home in Durban. Um the only way you can really grasp this is like marriage. Marriage has to start with faith, not even love. Because love is so far a concept you're coming into. Like when two when a young boy and a young girl meet each other, they don't know it. Do you agree? They don't know anything. In other words, zero knowledge. Agreed. She looks attractive. He looks attractive. He's got a nice job. She's got a nice job. He's got a nice family. She's got a nice family. Those things you're only going to know when you start talking to each other. You will never start talking to each other unless it begins with a little faith. It has to start with faith. You have to first trust. There must be like some small modicum of trust to come forward and to start speaking to each other first. Because if there's no trust, there's only doubt. You'll say, "The guy's a creep. I don't want to talk to him. She just doesn't look right. I just don't want to talk to her. I want nothing to do with him. What? You don't even know them. Your friends are going to say, "GIVE IT A SHOT." YOU DIDN'T EVEN SPEAK. YOU DIDN'T EVEN take him on the first date. You didn't take her on the first date, second date, third date to get to know them. Try that. It doesn't work. You try first date, second date, third date, fourth date. By the time if you're still going to take dates to find out, you start ending up with more doubt. If you're a person who's been filled with doubt already, your faith is not going to give you the correct knowledge. And every kind of knowledge you're going to get thereafter. So this is why I often say to people for a marriage to work, you have to never stop believing in each other. Love will become perfected because you believe in each other. There it is. You understand? Love will break down if you stop believing in each other. It always has to be faith. Understanding that then is actual revelation. Are you still with me saints? The only thing you can do to get it is as much of his word as possible when it comes now to God. So after you have had faith now you go and he's going to give you the word based on that faith and that knowledge is going to give you the correct knowledge which is going to increase your faith which is going to allow everything else to be built upon that bringing you to perfection. Amen. So if we can do this in the natural with natural things like the natural growth of a child, uh so also is this possible in the spiritual except God has to give it to us first to start us off. There's no way you're going to do it yourself. Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. No man could have revealed this to you but my father which is in heaven. Which means when you are seeing Christ, no man is going to convince you. Only God can do that. &gt;&gt; God is going to be the beginner. That's why the the first faith you receive is the gift of faith. &gt;&gt; You love him, saints. And and you know all the scriptures. No man can come to me except my father draws him. No man can call Jesus the Christ except by the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; All right, let's bring this to a close. Saints, doubt is sin. What I I I feel like a lot of people like I've got to stop here and tell you a lot of people don't know what sin is. People think sin is to, you know, like do something against God's word. A lot of us do things against God's word every day simply because we are humans who haven't gotten over ourselves yet &gt;&gt; and we're hard-headed, stubborn things, you know, and we still trying to get our own way. That doesn't mean we hate God or we disbelieve him. That still just means we're struggling a little with ourselves. And God understands that that's not sin. When in the Bible it says fornication is a sin against your own body, what it means is you're damaging your own nature. &gt;&gt; You you're doing something to yourself. Of course, God can heal that, right? God can heal anything. &gt;&gt; But sin is something that corrupts the original nature. That's what sin is. &gt;&gt; Okay, hold this in in in mind. Let's go to all things are possible to him that believeth. Doubt is always of the devil. That's where the first sin come from. There is no other sin but doubt. Unbelief is the So in other words, he's he's saying doubt equals unbelief. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; unbelief is the original and only sin. Committing adultery is not a sin. Smoking cigarettes is not a sin. Getting drunk is not a sin. That's attributes of unbelief. &gt;&gt; That's what I want to draw you to. Doing all those things that then hurts your body. You're only doing that because there is doubt in your heart. Because there is unbelief in your heart. You got it? &gt;&gt; Those are attributes. Attributes means they they are actually things that are going to produce be produced because of something. &gt;&gt; You know any child born in this world is not an evil being is a just a real regular innocent perfect little soul. That soul is going to be hurt by humans from its parents to its siblings to its teachers to its university lectures. It's going to be constantly trampled on putting in doubt into this little soul and it turns from being an innocent being into somebody who is led down a path. Okay. So in the prayer lines, brother Madam would constantly pray that God would remove the doubt from the hearts of the people. He said in other places that doubt is sin, drinking smoke in many other places they're not sin. Doubt is the actual sin. All these things were attributes of doubt and sin. It is because of doubt that we go out and do all these other things. without doubt we would be doing things of God and living righteously. Let's go to Matthew 21:21-22. Just one scripture and one quote and we close. Faith can accomplish great things. H let's see it. Jesus answered and said unto them, "Verily I say unto you, if you have faith and doubt not, you shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree, but also if you shall say unto this mountain, be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea," it shall be done. And all things whatsoever you shall ask in prayer believing, he shall receive. You shall receive. So this is the thing. People want to be people that move mountains. What mountains? Hey, like I I want to leave the dragonsburg where it is. There's no reason to go move that. It looks beautiful right there. There's no reason to move actual. So what are the mountains he's talking about? It's the strongholds of things caused by unbelief and doubt. &gt;&gt; Right? You see the mountain as your problem. You you see the smoking, the drinking, the fornication, the pornography. You see that as the mountain? That's not even the mountain. That's been stuff built on a foundation of doubt. What is causing you to doubt? What is causing you to devalue yourself? Right? Faith can accomplish great things if there's light in your soul. You wouldn't desire that. If there's light in your soul, if you're living by a life of faith, you'll be more relaxed. You'll believe in people. You'll believe in God. You believe tomorrow is secure. God knows all things. You'll wake up with a smile. You'll trust him in all things. Faith can accomplish great things. The greatest battle of a fought. The last quote as we close. You can have little consciences and little feelings and little sensations and all these things that has nothing to do with it. That's just little sensations and things. And when it comes to reality, your mind opens it up. Your mind either accepts it or rejects it. That's it, friends. God let none of them miss it. It's your mind that opens up the door or closes the door. Listens to your conscience. Listens to your memory. listens to your affections. But when your mind closes itself to these things and let God, the spirit of his word, come in, it blows the rest of the stuff out. Every doubt is gone. Every fear is gone. Every sensation of doubt is gone. Every feeling is gone. There's nothing standing there but the word of God. And Satan cannot battle against that. No sir, he cannot battle against it. Now, we know that's the truth. So this is our biggest fight here on earth. In the stature of a perfect man, faith is the first step. It is the foundation. It's quite clear. He had to take away doubt before attempting to put the other virtues in us. &gt;&gt; Faith is the strength. It's uh it's the one of the seven virtues we need to overcome doubt in our souls. Amen. &gt;&gt; So in closing, I want to explain that to you. When you live as a person with more doubt than faith, that's when you become anxious of everything. Untrusting, where you believe even when people telling you the truth, you don't trust them. You believe they're lying. Uh living like that is stressful. It causes depression. It puts problems in marriages. It put problem between father and child. It put problems between teachers and and students. It puts problems between the heads of countries and the people because people are living with darkness in their souls. If you lived with people who have faith, if people have faith and people live by faith, you will be more positive. You'll want to testify of your faith. And when you testify and you tell people of Jesus Christ, they will see that there is a conviction inside. If you preach the word, they'll know you know what you're talking about. They know you believe what you're talking about because they can sense there is light from within. There's something else coming. But when you yourself have doubt, they'll sense it. What I'm saying to you is if you have doubt in your soul, it leads down a certain path. If you have faith, it leads down a different path. Literally everything about your life will be different if you have faith. I mean even your home will be decorated differently. H even your dogs will be happier. Do you know that a dog is a pack animal? You have dogs. They'll they'll literally tell you dogs take on the the nature of the owner. You understand? So if you got stupid dogs, you know what it means, right? I'm just kidding. You've got to understand that faith and doubt produces different parts of life. It's the foundation for all things and you will build every aspect of your life. If you have children and if you live with doubt, you will raise your children on doubt. That'll produce a certain path for them. If you raise your children on faith, it will produce a certain path for them. It all starts there. Faith is the perfect foundation and the only destroyer of doubt. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let us bow our heads together.
