################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-08 - The Story of God and Man P4 - Becoming Sons P3 - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-11-08
Title:    The Story of God and Man P4 - Becoming Sons P3
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8qxLKNaPq0
========================================

Description:
The Story of God and Man P4 - Becoming Sons P3
"He Sought Us So We Can Find Him"
2 November 2025 Sunday
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. While we're standing, let's turn in our Bibles or you can follow on the screen. Ephesians chapter 2 4-10. Ephesians 2 4-10. Amen. It says, "But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ. by grace you are saved and hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. For by grace are you saved through faith and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. Amen. The Lord added blessing to his word. You may be seated. So this morning we want to continue with our series, the story of God and man. And once again, this is the story of God and man, part four. And um it's things I've preached before in different ways and of course without the technology and everything and but was very much inspired by the Sunday school and the youth and um the fact that there are several of our young people and and people who want to be baptized. So I know the usual tradition is someone asks to be baptized and you just take them and dunk them in the water. Like there's no time like the present. But I and I believe that but I don't uh I also believe the prophet said that before you get baptized you must be sufficiently taught. &gt;&gt; And there's to me there's nothing better than this to teach you. And of course, you remember there was a question sent to me, I think we did on a Wednesday night where the question was said to me, you need to tell the young people uh about baptism. And I recognized the need. I just didn't see how God will allow to sort of come into this series because we had so many things going on at once. we had to deal with the request to be baptized and then of course the the Sunday school that we were starting um in a different way. So, and then it evolved into into this. And um so I I I would think that by the time we're done with this, um it would be securely entrenched in the hearts of our children, our young people, and those who want to be baptized. Because you can only make that decision if you know where you come from. &gt;&gt; Because when you're a young person, you really don't have too much to repent of. I was there. &gt;&gt; You know, you're you're you're a young person probably, you know, you've done some bad things that everyone else has done, but it doesn't um make you feel like I mean, you're being in the message church. You're born in families. You haven't become a drug dealer, you know, you haven't killed anyone. You haven't had your psychology, your mindset so changed that it needs to be changed to believe in Jesus Christ. You've been believing in Jesus Christ from the time you were in Sunday school, from the time you were a kid. What do you need to change to, right? Of course, if you were believing in a trinity doctrine, which you don't, you were believing in a wrong baptism being sprinkled or you're believing in some traditions or if you were believing in I don't know some other prophet uh if you were of some other kind of persuation and now you meet the message and now you're having a complete repentance, a complete change. But that's not where you are. You are born in this. You believe the prophet. You believe in Christ. You believe the right godhead doctrine. You believe the right baptism. You believe in predestination. So what do you need to repent of? See, this was my experience. Which is why I can tell you. I had nothing to repent of. I had no thinking to repent of. I already had the right thinking. So the only way that you can have a genuine experience with God is to actually know where you come from and that you young people born in this message. You are you know some people take 20 years after repenting of where they came from to realize they are their real enemy. You are there right now. You are not taking 20 years to find out. You are right here, right now, finding out you are actually your real enemy. &gt;&gt; That's where I was. And that's why I'm telling you, unless you have the word of God open to you to see where you came from, where the attribute is, what it is that is fighting inside of you to recognize what the inward struggle is, then you will not have a real genuine experience when you get baptized. You'll just have a traditional event. But if you if you grasp this, if you believe this, if you have an experience with the word, you will come out feeling renewed and looking forward to be baptized with the Holy Ghost and purpose. &gt;&gt; That's why we're doing this. So, this brings me to uh and we're still talking about becoming sons because that's the reason why you should be waterbaptized because you cannot enter into the kingdom of God unless you are born again. &gt;&gt; And you don't have to go back into your mother's womb to be born again like I said to Nicodemus. But you've got to know where he came from. So, I was I was telling my son Josh the yesterday and he got so freaked out he ran out of the house and well silliness, 9-year-old silliness. I told him, "I'm an alien." And he sat up in his chair and he ran outside and, you know, made a big deal of it. I said, he said, and then he came back, "Are you really an alien?" I said, "Yeah, you just can't see my six eyes, &gt;&gt; you know." And I I said, "No, because the Lord Jesus said, I'm not of this world. Amen. &gt;&gt; And my kingdom is not of this world. He said to the Pharisees, you are from beneath. I am from above. I am not of this world and my kingdom is not of this world. Therefore, so I said, therefore, I am an alien because I'm of his kingdom. But that being said, so he said to me, what is an alien? So I was telling him how the Australian blue gun trees are alien trees here that rob our soil of water and kill our other indigenous trees. That's an alien. It's from Australia. Not that all Australians are aliens. Kind of rhymes, but that's what an alien is. It's something that doesn't belong in this in this land. And it it uh it takes away becomes parasitic and it takes it takes away it destroys our water table for other trees. A lot of you don't know that. A lot of you have been driving around here for for maybe 50 years and have never even known what a blue gum is, right? But they're there. So yet God has made this earth for sons of God, for us. And then it was taken over by somebody to the point where they now make it seem like we are the ones that are not from this place. And when Christ came and said, "This place is basically inhabited by those who are influenced from beneath, but my kingdom is that of above, which means I don't even have to act like how things are here." This is the reason why you can't hear my word. It's the reason why you can't believe me. This is the reason why you don't accept the way I live my life. Because I am of the kingdom above. Amen. So you young people and those of you wanting to be baptized, this is the this is the trial. You are being brought up every day to act like them, behave like them, to dress like them, to fit into their systems, and then still accept a word that says you are not them. That's enough to give a person uh a multi-personality disorder, MPD, right? Like schizophrenia. That's like sounds like spiritual multi-personality disorder. Like you're in this world, you have to su uh succumb to the things that they teach you. you you know not everything but your struggle every day is to deny what is being pumped into you from the time you were in pre- primary school. It's craziness for those of you parents who think this is a light thing. Believe me, the day is coming when you have to face up to what they're they're pushing out to to our children. So when you look at Ephesians 2:4-10 and how it says, "God who is rich in mercy, for his great love, wherewith would he love us?" Now this is where I want to bring you to. He says, "While you were yet sinners, &gt;&gt; what does that mean? While you were ignorant of him, &gt;&gt; while you believed in other things, while you never recognized him, he died for us. &gt;&gt; While you were dead in sins, he quickened us. He quickened us. Amen. So that's where we want to go to. And this is still about becoming sons of God. And this is part three. And our title is he sought us so we can find him. He sought in the Bible. Not not many of us look you know or use this kind of words today. No mother sitting here says to her son have you sought for your school socks. Nobody uses that. So sort is an old English word that actually means seek &gt;&gt; in the past tense. Right. So God sought us and this is going to bring a lot of understanding. This to me meant a lot to me growing up as a young person in the message and I've preached this probably twice in our church under a different series. Uh one was the adoption series and I think the other one was kind of mixed with predestination. But so I want to begin with letting you understand something. We are born into this world with our natures so corrupted by sin, so badly corrupted by sin from the very beginning that God's entire plan of redemption is to restore our natures back to the original. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So I want to start there with doing works for achievement. This comes from corruption. Most people think God's word is instruction, God's instruction for you to follow. And if you don't follow, he will judge you and he will punish you. And people also feel that if you do everything his word says, then you will live a great life and you will have great reward. That almost sounds like Yeah. Isn't that right? And to a point, it makes people feel like they if they live by God's word, if you know those those months where uh you kept the message so well, you did nothing wrong and feels like you feel so pumped. Such a great month. God's blessings are upon us because and then you have this feeling rising up inside and the sense of accomplishment that you did something for God. That feeling or recognition for accomplishment is a result of sin. Accomplishment on its own should just produce happiness. You should just be happy that you accomplished something. Nobody else needs to know you accomplished it. You shouldn't even get reward from somebody, a recognition like a plaque that say you did such and such. Well done. That's from sin, right? You know, it's like um people would say I I I know I know how people think. I know how the the Bible the legalist Bible readers, oh, brother L, but God saw he created light and God saw that it was good. Yeah. But he didn't ask for an award for it or recognition from anybody. Saying it was good means he was happy with what he did. That's good. Being happy with your accomplishment is good. But expecting recognition for it is where sin comes in. &gt;&gt; So people believe that they, you know, they get this understanding from the English Bible, but they don't realize that the majority of the time when the word reward is used, it is just consequences. Like the the wicked the wicked shall receive his reward. That means uh so what does that mean? The wicked is going to get a reward. No, it means he's going to get the consequences of his actions. The wages of sin is death. Wages, the payment, the salary for sin is death. Who wants to get paid with death? So the Bible means the consequences, right? So they will have their reward. Does not mean even if you do something good, you will have your reward. It means if you think good things, if you act healthy uh and live a a righteous life, you will receive the consequences of a righteous life. Not that God's going to give you more blessings than another person. You actually might not get more blessings than another person, right? You know, um I I think I might have told you this sometime. [clears throat] If you have three sons like I do, let's say one is a really wise son, I'm not pointing any fingers, and one is absolutely reckless. Would you give an equal amount of money to them? No. You'd give the more money to the one who's responsible and less money to the one who's reckless. Right? So, do you think if you have weaknesses and issues and uh the the ability in your nature where you come from to be proud and to be arrogant, do you think God's going to make you a millionaire? But somebody who can actually handle that money, God might allow him to have that &gt;&gt; because he's responsible. Because he knows, God knows this son of mine can handle that. This one here will destroy himself with it. Rather not rather keep him poor. He's better off being poor. &gt;&gt; That's the consequences, right? So it doesn't matter if you're poor, you have your issues to deal with. If you're rich, you have your issues to deal with. True. &gt;&gt; Um, and the majority of real believers I meet, the ones who are really rich and wealthy wish they had less stress. The ones who are uh poor wish they had more. It's insane. So, when when the first men Now, let me sh let me show you how this this came about, right? And as always, it's the woman's fault. You know, us men, you know, we we come we came back one day many, many years ago. We come back, we shot a rabbit, we brought it to our wife. Our wife was like, "You're the greatest thing in the world. That's amazing." And we think, "Oh, next time I'm getting three rabbits." This is how that seed of accomplishment started. See? And then you come back home and you shoot a deer and she's like, "Oh, universe." And makes us feel like king. We are heroes. We are accomplished. The next time you want to make sure and the next day she has a bad day and then we bring in something great and she just Yeah. Okay. Just leave it there. You know how that feels, brothers. That's it. You don't get your dopamine. You know, it's like what did I do? Like I did my best. You're not even acknowledging me. And suddenly we turn from men into little kicked puppies. Right? That's that that's how this accomplishment began a long time ago when people started recognizing and making you feel listen all you did was shoot a poor little rabbit for us to eat. You're not something great. That's what they should she should have told us in the beginning. Then we would have been on the level. Instead, we wanted to be better than the other husband in the other cave somewhere else or the other hut somewhere else. And you know, to make sure we we we feed them till we we all we have 10 rabbits for family with just two children. You know, nobody told him, listen, tone it down. We can only eat one rabbit. [clears throat] So, this this thing we have today, these we've got these this public pushing out these men who want TO ACCOMPLISH SO MUCH. THEY ACCOMPLISH SO MUCH IN ONE MONTH WHICH IS JUST A WASTE OF ENERGY, time and and resources. We're not even using this stuff. I guarantee you 60% to 70% of the stuff in your house is useless. You don't even use it. &gt;&gt; I'm telling the truth. All your decorations, all the stuff you have, even the amount of forks, knives, and spoons, you don't even you only need as much as for your family. That's how bad it is. But you got to have surplus. That's how much this accomplishment. Every time you see something bright and shiny and different and a new gadget, you got to have it. And then you come back home with that accomplishment. Look what I got. And your wife was saying, "Did you consider the budget? But it's so great. It's going TO HELP OUR LIFE OUT. IT'S going to make time. We'll save time with this." And oh my goodness, accomplishment. The idea of accomplishment for God results like when and this is the thing like when you try to to accomplish something for God and you're pushing at it and struggling at it and you're waiting for some recognition of achievement sometimes God's just not going to say anything. He's not even going to bless you for the great things you're doing. What do you do then? And it results in natures and behaviors. And I'll tell you what'll happen when you're doing something for God and you feel like you've done something so great for him that he needs to acknowledge you and give you blessings and you're not getting any response from him, then you're going to take that and go ask for men's recognition. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And that make it makes predestination very hard to understand. So um today we we treat accomplishment with corrupt gestures. We have wasteful functions where we make a big deal of a person. We dress them in a robe and a hat and a crown and a scroll of paper and we sing songs to them and we hold our hands to our hearts and we throw caps in the air and you've accomplished something. And then you go off and become a sinner at university. Well done. Hm. And then after that you finish your degree and whatever you go to work and then uh you become a greatest sinner at work. But well done. Your career led you away from God, right? Or led you away from thinking with common sense about how TO BRING UP A FAMILY, how to how to have a wife and how to bring up children. But you got the plaque on the back wall with signatures from deans and so on who disbelieve God and who hate Christianity and all their names are signed there. How how great you are. Okay? And we do all this. We give, you know, and and then of course as families we pressurized. Trust me, we're pressurized. We have to be there. We have to take all the pictures. We have to give you a graduation gift from us. I mean, you already got the plaque. Why do you need a gift? But we have to give you a gift. You know, uh simple gesture made men go out and accomplish more. Let's accomplish more. Give them a gift. You take them for an expensive meal which is done in like 1 hour. Then we publish your names in the newspaper on the internet and and uh look who graduated today with a small little ugly baby picture there, you know, and they and then you don't seek accomplishment to help others, but you do it for recognition and for prestige. We have been bred with these natures for hundreds of years. Therefore, when Christians consider God, now why am I telling you all this stuff in a light-hearted manner? Because you bring the same thing when it comes to serving God, right? You want recognition for the good that you do and you actually believe that God behaves like carnal man. God's not going to put out the spread. God's not going to give you some thing with signatures. God's not going to give you some um some crown right now to make you recognized by all men. Look at what he said. While we were yet sinners, he quickened us. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Even the atheists believe we are crazy because we believe God that and and this is right. They they will say to you, "You Christians are so crazy. You believe God's going to reward you for your muchdoing." But the message reveals to us that if our heart is not in our works, God doesn't even recognize your works. Because it's not it it doesn't become the four ordained works. They're just good works. Everybody does good works. like we told you last week, right? So then we come to this and this is the part where it it becomes more to what we're talking about to the young people and others who want to be baptized. Right? There are you are born with two natures. The one nature is the nature that comes through your parents and your natural bloodline. The other nature is the nature of God in the attribute form which is dormant. You don't know it yet. It hasn't started to live but it's there. Right? because you're a child of God. So the most important understanding of predestination and adoption is what God did and why he did it. Are you with me now? After man sinned, man became something that God could not be fully a part of. God could not be fully a part of. Not a part. A part of God. When you were a man filled with sin, God could not be a part of that. When you acted on beastly nature, God could not be a part of that. When you were acting by your tastes and your lustful desires and the desires of the eyes and the desires of the flesh, God could not be a part of that. That's what we became. Right? Man became the ruler of his own soul and began to go his own ways. And right? All we like sheep have gone astray. All of us. God could have left man alone and let Satan destroy man for his own purpose. But God originally created us for his purpose. That's what this is all about. Is that right? The story of God and man. And God knowing that he created man for his purpose had to redeem mankind back to the original purpose. Are you with us? So bringing full redemption back is God redeeming. Now you know what redeem is, right? To take back what is yours. Is that right? So when God's going to redeem you, he takes back what is his. He takes back his nature. He redeems his nature. And the other nature which you were born with from your parents is rejected. That means you can do good stuff with that other nature. It's got nothing to do with him. Listen, you must you must go visit your relatives who don't believe the word. You must visit them. You must be kind to them. You must take them gifts for their birthday parties. You must phone them once in a while and say hello to them and visit them and and have lunches and dinners. And you must do that. God doesn't care about that. He's not redeeming that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and you will all testify to me that those things that you do for them, for other people are become more of a headache to you than anything. You wish you never did that in the first place. You you get this warm feeling inside, oh you know that aunt, we haven't visited. Let's go visit. Let's go find out how she's doing. Then you get there and realize why you haven't visited her in such a long time. And then your wife will tell you, what were you thinking? You see, we forgot what she's like. She hasn't changed. See, I'm just telling you what you already know. God's not interested. But you've got to do those things. You've got to go and do do stuff that is that is influenced by that other nature. It's part of being a human here in this life in this earth. Go do that. Don't tell me that that's God's work. Because God redeems his nature. He takes back what is his. The other one is dissolved. When the earthly house of this tabernacle be dissolved, those those natures just a place where the prophet said the Holy Ghost, you know, you have these positive and negatives to your character and the Holy Ghost shuts that other side away. God only takes what is his. He redeems what is his. So bringing full redemption would mean he has to do something to get rid of what was not his and take back what was his for his purpose. Are you with me? And that is referring to these original natures, these attributes that came from the fountain of life through the logos brought down to mankind. And God had to redeem and and direct the original nature of of man back to the original purpose he made man for. and let the fallen natures be destroyed in the process. You see, so all the troubles you have and the complaints you have, brother Al, I'm going through such a trial and I'm not feeling sorry for you because I I know those other natures are being destroyed, I know it's good for you. See, when you are able to correct your child who's being absolutely terribly behaved and you know that everything you have to do is going to hurt him. The things you have to say to him is going to hurt him. It's going to it's going to rub him up the wrong way. It's going to tell him you're being a horrible person right now and you don't deserve anything good from me right now. And you have he has to hear that. He has to hear that. If you just say, "Oh, you poor thing. You just made a mistake. Here, have a candy. You poor thing." Positive reinforcement. He's not getting it. That there's some parts of him that's horrid and that nobody likes it and he needs to deal with it and learn how to overpower that. He needs to know that and he needs to probably get recognition for overpowering that on his own. See, so God had planted that seed in Adam and Eve to bring forth the sons of God. Is that right? That's what we're talking about. Becoming sons and that seed remains in man. That ability of Adam and Eve to bring forth sons of God remains in you. Do you know what it is that's driving you every day? You know, like when I was talking to the young people there in Canada and telling them about what sexuality is and understand the reality once you hit puberty and you just pass puberty, your body wants to have children. That's the whole reason why you're going through all this turmoil. your body whether you're male or female the the biology if you took out your brain if that was possible your mind let's say you took out your mind uh or let's say a woman in a coma uh you know this has happened right the woman can be in a total coma she doesn't know anything and she's pregnant the body will bring forth the child while she has no knowledge absolutely nothing the body will bring forth the child that what I'm saying is without your emotions and everything. Your body wants to bring forth children. That's the reason for all the sexual problems in the world because what they want to do is they want to wait as long as possible not to have kids, finish their degree, buy their house, buy their car, and think they can manage the beast. You can't &gt;&gt; because that beast is screaming out to produce because from the beginning the law said be fruitful multiply and bring forth bring forth sons. Now bring that to the spiritual. You as children of God the reason why you are having trouble spiritually is because you are not bringing forth sons. You are not testifying of the word. You are you are given that commission and that ability to speak to the world to tell them the word and you are not doing it. You're getting comfortable with your relatives. You in the beginning you told them there's the message and then they they they started rejecting you. But now you stopped. You feel like you know what? We just need good relations. We need to be more like them. We need to be okay with all the stuff they do and you forgot you're supposed to bring forth sons. It doesn't matter whether you're comfortable with them and they got used to you being weird that you don't still need to live the word before them. You are still responsible to bring forth sons. That's why you're in spiritual depression because you're not doing that. That seed is still planted in there. It must bring forth through the serpent and the reasoning of the word of God. Satan also planted his seed in mankind. So mankind is also going to bring forth two kinds of men. One kind who will choose to believe the word of God and another kind who will choose not to believe the word of God. So that's what's happening. Young people even if you grew up in the message that nature is still there because it came in by sexual birth. The new birth produc brings the seed that will bring forth spiritual sons. The sexual birth you are born with brings the other nature that will bring forth other humans with the false natures. So you are bringing forth whether you like it or not. Are you with me? The challenge was that each man and woman is born with free moral agency. That means you have the choice to do as you please. And you are born into this world with no knowledge, conscious knowledge of God. You don't know God. You don't know Jesus. You don't know the prophet. You don't know the five-fold ministry. You don't know the Bible. You only become conscious of the Bible when you get to uh Sunday school. Right? And even then, you got so many questions. Amen. So the challenge is free moral agency and to do as you please. So God had to constantly do things. Now this is where we come into our subject. God had to do things to find you. I use the word find in inverted commas because there's a mystery to that, right? He had to find these children. That means those with his character among the sea of humans, he's got to find him. Right? So what does finding mean? What does it mean to be found? How often do we sing, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Once was blind, but now I see. But how were you found? Do you really know what it means? Do you really know so much what it means TO BE FOUND AND BASK IN THE REVELATION of being found? It might sound like an easy task because well, he is God. You know, he knows all the humans. He knows their heart. He knows their soul. He knows there's my son, there's my daughter, there's that one. What's there to find? He just knows everybody. What does it mean? You've been found, right? So, it's easy. He is God. But it wasn't quite so simple. The complication was not about finding someone's location. It's not about where you are geographically. Like God found me in Newcastle, South Africa. There I was wandering around and he went around the world looking for me and found me there. No man, he's God. Geography doesn't even matter, right? So, uh it's not about which part of the world you are. Of course, he knows that already. God finding you means something else. He sought us, right? That's the first part. He sought us so we can find him. That's my title, right? So, here's the thing. It's something you're all together familiar with. Just ask yourself these questions. Did you find God first or did he find you? Because you grow up thinking you found God. But the Bible SAYS WHILE WE WERE YET SINNERS, that means while you were unconscious of him, he was already doing something. Right? So if you say you found him, what do you mean you found him? How did you find him? Where is he? Is he in your house, your picture? Did you find a religion? Did you find a philosophy? What do you mean you found him? So, you'll admit that no matter how unique your situation was, and this why I'm talking to those who want to be baptized, do you believe you found God? Why do you want to be baptized? Do you believe he's found you? Do you think you need to be baptized because it's tradition or you want to be safe or you want to make the rapture or you if if you should die, you'll be resurrected. Why do you want to be baptized? This is the whole reason why we went through everything to do with baptism. And it all comes down to accepting what God's purpose for you is for for this day. Amen. So if you say you found him, what do you mean? So whatever your situation is. So whatever unique situation you know I I hear stories you know some brother was sitting on a plane he was sitting next to another person he was reading a book the person looks at him and said what book you are reading and he starts talking about it and the next thing you know he's get off the plane and they're baptizing this guy in the nearest river. What a story. That's actually a real story. And uh so you you u that's your story and then that's how I found God. No, that's how he found you. &gt;&gt; You thought you found him. Now, now that you know him, you can see that he knew the perfect moment of your life, the perfect time that you should be sitting next to somebody who was reading a book. Now, when you when you understand who God is, you'll know he inspired somebody at the right time to take that flight. knowing you'd be sitting in that seat and do so many things to make sure that fellow is sitting in the seat next to you that while you were yet sinners, &gt;&gt; he quickened you. &gt;&gt; He even had to quicken that seat because at any time you could have chosen I don't want to take this flight, I want to take the next one. Uh and why were you on that flight in the first place? You thought you knew why you were on that flight. You have no idea how the seed was quickened and made sure you WERE ON THAT FLIGHT BECAUSE IT QUICKENED SOMEONE ELSE TO BE THERE at the same time. &gt;&gt; IT'S HIS WORK. HE FOUND YOU. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; See, and you can see that he knew the perfect moment in your life because had he wait had he tried or done it one year before, you might have been still too hard-headed to listen. He knew exactly when something had to break. Something had to happen in your life for you to be at the perfect moment to hear that word. He sought every one of us. So, are you all together with me, young people? How does God seek you? God has only one way. It's so unfair because the devil has so many ways. H God has only one only one way and it's his word. Nothing else. Amen. Some people think, you know, uh it was a life and death situation. Had a car accident. I almost died when I came out. You know, I just said to God, you know, uh uh if you save my life, come on. Stop being a businessman with God. You save MY LIFE, THEN I'LL SERVE YOU. And God says, "Oh, yeah. He means it this time. Let's save him." No. God doesn't use those things. If that did happen to you, God already brought the word to you and you were too hard-headed to accept it then and you would needed maybe this car crash to make you wake up to it. But it already made contact with you. &gt;&gt; You didn't just have some epiphany because you were such a great person you suddenly realized I need to change. You cannot even think that you should change unless he finds you first. Let's read. So let's get to this subject. He sought you. You did not seek him. The unconditional covenant that God made with his people. Man said, "Oh brother, I sought God." No man ever sought God. There's our starting point. Doesn't matter how good you think you are, you did not seek God. He sought you. Not in a man to seek God. It's not even in you to search for him. No man at any time or any age ever sought God. It's just vice versa. It's God seeking the man, not man seeking God. Jesus said, "No man come to me except my father draws him." Is that right? Amen. The very beginning man when he fell from grace, his nature was changed. That's what I I was talking about the last 15 minutes. Man, when he fell from grace, his nature was changed. He run from God and hid from God. And that's still his nature. A man can never seek God while he's a sinner. God has to seek man. So that's where our subject comes from. And this is what that fornowledge does and brings you to is that you don't know. is such a wonderful thought. It adds so much clarity to the understanding of predestination and fornowledge. It it throws out all the ideas of my efforts, my work, my achievements. Is this right? &gt;&gt; What I did to find him. Oh brother, I prayed. I went to this temple. I went to that mosque. I went to this. And that's you searching for God. You didn't realize he already found you. See, you wouldn't be searching for him unless he already found you. &gt;&gt; And how did he find you? By his word. Even if at that moment, one day you'll come to know when that word hit you. But you can go a whole a whole lifetime almost and not realize when he found you. It's so beautiful. I realized that I was wrong to ever think that I was the one who was searching for him. Man has never sought God by himself. From the beginning when Adam sinned, his instinct was to run and hide. Is that right? &gt;&gt; He comes in Adam, Adam, where art thou? Why didn't he run to God? He was running away from the very beginning of sin. And it was God coming to him. Adam, Adam, where art thou? Symbolically, God finding his son. That was obviously symbolic conversation. Did God really not know that Adam was hiding behind the bushes? Of course, he knew this was the spirit of God. So, God finding Adam, what is it? WHAT? WHAT IS THAT? BREAK IT DOWN. Take it away from words and Bible stories and all of that. What does it mean? Adam, Adam, where art thou? It's God's word brooding upon his son, calling him to repentance. Come to me. Tell me what you've done. Tell me. I can take it. Admit to your fault. Admit. Come to me. That's repentance, young people. God was always seeking man while man was always running away from God. Man grows up without the knowledge of the one true God. And all man wants to do is his own will. Is that right? And then after sin came in, humans did not even have the desire for God. The I I've often told you this and I'm always so blatantly brutally honest with you about how it is that we feel as humans. I love to do that because I, you know, I don't like this this this uh fantasy kind of uh perception that people have. Let's be brutally honest about life, about our feelings, our intentions, our thoughts, right? So, after sin uh came into mankind, we don't even desire God on some days. Be honest, you don't even want to read your Bible. You don't even want to listen to the message. I know some of you are Wednesday, you don't even want to be on a Zoom meeting cuz you got something better to do. I know that it's a human condition. I'm telling you, it's a human condition not to want to chase after God. And many of you can succumb to that. But you all know how that you are totally incentivized to do what you want to do. You will take time off church, God, whatever it is to do something for your career because you want it. To do something for your boss because you want it to do something for whatever else is in the world because YOU WANT THAT. YOU WILL do what you want to do above what God wants you to do. It's still there. You're still struggling with it. The relationships with God was based on things that they could that they felt could not be explained, right? Like why someone gets sick? That's that's all we want from God, right? We want to know Lord, why did I get sick? Why someone dies? Why is there drought or famine? Why is there natural disaster? That became the relationship of man to God because now it's God's fault. WHEN SOMETHING CANNOT BE EXPLAINED, then God is in it. Like I DON'T UNDERSTAND, YOU KNOW, I SET MY TIME TABLE OUT PERFECTLY. I MESSED UP MY LIFE. WHY DID THIS HAPPEN? Now we ask God, right? Relationships with God became about needing better health, needing protection, warding of evil. And the relationship was a that kind of relationship with God is a very volatile one. &gt;&gt; Right? In fact, history show us that man blamed God initially, excuse me, when bad things happened to them. And therefore, they created their own gods so it could make them feel better because they rejected the one true God and then made up other gods because the other one was not satisfying them. So with all that, God had to find a way to find those who would believe. By that I mean maybe you don't appreciate the how how massive this is. you one person if if you take your surname right whatever your surname is and all the people born into your family and you're just the one person who's going to believe the word God has God knows when you were under your parents' influence your uncle's influence your family's influence he knows when you were under university influence when you were under work influence is watching this tracking and he knows exactly when the right time to bring you the when you're going to listen and accept but he already can see all the baggage you're coming with too right so to find the way to find you right to those who believe by that I mean he had to provide a unique plan for each one of you to let the word reach you whom he had forneew at at the right time so that we would recognize him. Are we together now? Now hold that thought. That's God finding you now. You've already been found. God is not finding you every day now. You've already been found. Amen. Glory to God. We are creatures that would never have believed the word had he just come and told us the truth. People were like, "Lord, why didn't you just come to me when I was 16 and just told me, showed me THE MESSAGE? WHY DID I HAVE TO GO THROUGH ALL THOSE HARDSHIPS IN MY FAMILY?" Because he knows at 16, you would never have accepted it. You actually might have said something and rejected it to your own detriment. You probably would have SAID SOME REALLY STUPID things against the word and become accountable for saying those things. He knew when to bring it &gt;&gt; because he knew there was a gene seed inside, right? And he had to he had to brother Alistister, this is sounding like, you know, too much of philosophy. If this beast does something against the word, it's going to be judged. &gt;&gt; He wants the best possible outcome for that attribute. And he also needs to keep peace with this beast to make sure the best possible outcome is achieved. Right? He doesn't want to antagonize your body. He wants to give you the best chance to become the best you can be. Of course, he's also fighting against your free will. Just think about it, saints, right? He just come and if he just come and told us the truth because we are gods to ourselves ruling our own heart and souls and minds and refusing the word of God and everyone else. Just think about it. If Jesus appeared to the world right now, if if like the Pentecostals say, he splits the skies, trumpets blow, and Jesus is there hovering over a a cloud with light shining behind him, standing there with billowing cotton cloth from heaven, you know, and his halo around his couple of angels singing behind him, right? and he's what do you think's going to happen? I'll tell you what'll happen. CNN and BBC and news outlets would be focused in a 24/7 HELICOPTERS BE FLYING AROUND. What is this? What is this mic? Looks like a hologram. Looks like some scientific thing. I wonder if it's something Elon Musk has made. You mean to tell me if you see a physical literal Jesus there, you're immediately going to saying, "Lord Jesus." No, you won't. You've been so bred to distrust everything. If that even happened, you're going to think some government person did something. And then you're going to depend on CNN, BBC, and all these, you know, Al Jazzer is going to say that's a devil, right? because of course they don't believe in Christians. Uh you'll have all parts of the world, Islam and every other religion speaking out against it, discrediting. You might even find some fool who try to shoot a missile at it. Do not think in your mind you can have this romantic idea that Christ is going to appear and everyone's going to say, "Ah, it's Jesus. The Christians were right. What a load of hogwash. This is the reason why that whole theory falls flat because you're never going to believe it, right? The world would distrust him instantly. Even even if it is Jesus, they rejected him the first time. What makes you think they're going to accept him a second time? Even then, they're going to distrust him and believe it's some pop or some government operative posing as a religious figure in the sky somewhere. Probably has a backpack on him, you know, flying backpack. The world has been primed to disbelieve, saints, and the appearance of a holy person of God is not going to show anything to them. If man cannot see God, listen young people, if you cannot see God through his word, you will not see him anywhere else. Because that's the only way he finds you, through his word. It's scriptural. In the beginning was the word, the logos, and the word was with God, and the word was God. And the word was made FLESH AND DWELT AMONG US. AND CHRIST SAID, "MY words that I speak unto you are spirit and life." He said to the Pharisees, "Why do you not hear my words? Why can you not believe even because you cannot hear my words? But blessed are your eyes. Blessed are your ears, for they can hear." So if a man cannot see, this is why I say to you, we can pray for you. We can lay hands on you. We can bring you to the altar. We can we can do all those all those things have been done for 2,000 years of church tradition. If the word cannot help you today, nothing can. That's the truth. Let's go to Psalm 14 verse 1 to3. To the chief musician, a psalm of David. The fool has said in his heart, "There is no God. They are corrupt. They have abominable works. There is none that doeth good." The Lord looked down from heaven upon the children of men to see if there were any that did understand and seek God. They are all gone aside. They are allto together become filthy. There is none that doeth good. No, not one. This is a psalmist speaking in prophetic psalms to say the Lord looked down from heaven to see if there's anyone who searches for him. They all waste their time. So for you to begin seeking him. So here's my point. For you to begin seeking him, you have to first recognize him and desire him. As long as you are a sinner, that all you're desiring, everything you're desiring is selfish. Even if you desire a religion, it's selfish. Why? What do you want from that religion? Huh? You want someone to do prayers for you, someone to marry you, someone to baptize your children, someone to uh make you feel good in case you die, someone to do your funeral. I still have that question. Brother Al, are you going to be my pastor? Will you bury me? I don't know. Will you bury me? H what does it matter whether you buried or not? Whether you eaten by the fishes or died in a fire, who cares? Hm. What about your soul right now? &gt;&gt; I'm not your pastor to bury you. Come on, man. Got more important things to do than bury you. You just want salvation from your transgressions so that you can have a normal life. I just want a normal life. I just want a HEALTHY BODY. I JUST want a wealthy life. I can tell you how to do that. If you want a normal life, don't be stupid. If you want a healthy life, eat healthy. If you want a wealthy life, be responsible, get a job, and do some work. Okay, that's how you do it. God doesn't do that. That's selfishness to have to follow God to make all those things work for you. You see how other people who are not in the message, not Christians, not there in the world, how other people they are doing things and they are achieving things in their lives by the exact same thing. They don't do stupid things. They live healthy. They're at the gym. They they eat the right amounts on their place. They don't take second and third helpings, right? They will live longer than you. And they don't have the Holy Ghost. See? And they're wealthy because they save their money and uh they know their budget. You know, they know they earn so much and they're not going to buy some expensive shoes that breaks the bank. Just buy shoes you can walk in. It's good enough, right? But you see other people, you see them serving God and they're so happy and here am I. I'm down in the dumps. Even if you're a rich somebody, you down in the dumps. What is wrong with you? YOU YOU REALLY don't care for God. All you want is what good might come out of serving God. You want stability and you want happiness. So then you join a church. You convince yourself that you have found God. And that's the illusion because you've actually found Satan. And Satan can keep you under that for years unless God because what is Satan? Shayan. Adversary of God. That's the meaning of the the name. You found the adversary of God. BECAUSE WHY IS IT AN ADVERSARY OF GOD? Because it's against God's purpose. See, unless God finds you first, you cannot even start looking for him. You might be looking for something, but it's not even close to because how can you find or or search for something you don't even know, man? You must be something. I'm for I'm I'm searching for it. WHAT IS IT? I DON'T KNOW, BUT I'M SEARCHING for it. It's craziness, right? And then some, you know, uh, after he finds you, he has to do some mysterious work on you before you can start looking for him. And that's the whole point. He searches for you. He finds you so that you can then search for him. Amen. So what does God have to do? God has to change your nature. Uh, Hebrews chapter 7 part one, part 142. If you love him, not a duty. I can't do this and I can't do that. You love him too much to do it because he has chosen you. You never chose him. He chose you. You said, "I sought the Lord and sought the Lord." No man seeks God. It's God seeking man. You might be seeking a favor of him, but God has to change your nature before you can seek after him because you're a sinner. You're a pig. That's right. See, you don't laugh when brother Brandon calls you a pig, right? See, God is to change your nature. So, this is where I'm bringing our thought in. You cannot find him. You cannot even search for him unless he changes your nature in. So, how's he going to change your nature? Remember, you're born with those two. That means the other one comes alive. And now you've got these two natures battling. So now you're going to be driven by the other nature that now wants to search for God. The other one was were searching for idols and something it could be could be happy in its achievement. That other nature was searching for a comfortable religion, a tradition, a way of life, but this one is going to find God. Right? So we only search, this is the truth, saints, we only search for man's concept of God. Even sometimes you're sitting in a message church, you're not listening to the open book and um a lot of people today, they're only searching for William Brandon. &gt;&gt; That's it. They're searching for a prophet. You've already found the prophet and and and and it's it's almost a delusion that you think you're serving and following the prophet. You're following your idea of the prophet. If you actually had that prophet in front of you and you could only see what you're doing with his words, &gt;&gt; man, &gt;&gt; he will chastise you, &gt;&gt; but you've deluded yourself into thinking we're following the prophet. You're not even meant to follow the prophet. The prophet comes to a point where he says, "I must decrease, he must increase." &gt;&gt; So, you search for a concept of him. Even if you're under some message minister and he's preaching a concept of God because we need something and then we don't have need for him for God anymore. We need this concept. Isn't that kind of what happens in the message today? We have this phenomenal Pentecostal experience as a young person. I'M SO DESPERATE FOR GOD. I GO TO THE CAMPS. I go to the the youth meetings and I I lay down on on the floor. I kneel down and I I, you know, SCREW UP MY EYES TILL I'M SERIOUS and I'm raising my hands. I'M SHOUTING. I'M GETTING the Holy Spirit, DESPERATE FOR GOD. IN the meantime, you just want to find a nice church girl who won't give us trouble, get a nice job, settle down, and then live the rest of our life enjoying the comforts of the social life that this church provides. &gt;&gt; That's what you really want. and tell me you're desperate for God. You're desperate for a wife or a girlfriend or a boyfriend and hoping you can get one here in a message church. You're not desperate for God yet. You can't be unless he finds you. &gt;&gt; So, what do you do then? You you go through the motions. You you went through the camps. You found the girl. You married the girl. You had the children. You thought were going to be a blessing. You got the house, you got the dog, you got all that stuff, and then you come to church, and then you sit down and do nothing, right? You go all the way back to that pig nature. You see, HE HAS TO TAKE YOU THROUGH A process to change that pig nature inside, that selfishness, that arrogance. You know, you're you stop studying the word. You you found him. Then you stop studying the word. You stop witnessing. You stop living for the for others. You're living for yourself, &gt;&gt; for your own responsibilities, your own lifestyle. You're only And you tell me you're searching for God. &gt;&gt; He surely found you. But then you're following a concept. You're happy with the concept. You know, when the concept changes, then suddenly it upsets your apple cart. And then no, this is wrong. You know, you're not upset with God. You're upset with the concept having changed. It's making me uncomfortable. You've gotten so used to this comfort. So, you see, he has to make you go through a process to change you, take out the selfishness, the arrogance to think that, and some of us, it's going to take us so long. You're going to go through so many struggles in life with the perfect person you marry, with the perfect children you have, with all those things. You're going to go through all those troubles because you're sitting around doing nothing and yet you're so busy. Ask anyone how busy they are. Everyone's busier than the other person. But he's always seeking us for one purpose. John 15:16. You have not chosen me. I have chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit. What fruit? Oh, love, joy, peace, fruits of the spirit. Listen, you're all failing in that. Love, joy, peace, longsuffering. Really? You can't even be longsuffering with your wife. Don't tell me you got FRUITS OF THE SPIRIT. DON'T EVEN GO TO GIFTS. Talk about fruits of the spirit. Love, joy, joy. Oh my goodness. The amount of depressed, sad faces, wimpy little complainers in this message, IT'S UNBELIEVABLE. WHERE'S THE JOY, FRUITS OF THE SPIRIT? I'M SO HAPPY IN THE LORD AND HIS WORD. I NEED NOTHING ELSE. JUST YOUR WORD, LORD, IS MAKING ME REJOICE. Where is that? &gt;&gt; No. So, what's the real fruit? You're supposed to bring forth other sons. &gt;&gt; I've chosen you to bring forth sons. Where are those sons? No, you know, I'm not called to be a preacher. I'm not called to be a minister. I'm not called to be an evangelist. You know, I can't even speak. You sound a bit like Moses. You know, Lord, I'm of a stammering tongue. No, it's not my Oh, I'm a sister in the church. You know, I'm just called to be a housewife. I can't be anything other than that, you know. Please don't give me that. You lovely sisters who can't talk about the word can use the phone and social media to talk about everything else. Don't lie to me. You're on the phones every single day talking about nothing that brings forth sons. You you say you are called brothers and sisters. Every word that you speak as a son, we're talking about becoming sons. We're talking about the story of God and man. Don't forget, you're going to leave this church service. You're going to go straight back home while you're eating your biryani. You're going to be looking at Facebook and looking at all things. Huh? Or watching YouTube videos while you gulping away at your at your lunch and catching up with it. Where's the bringing forth sons? H where's the testimony? Where's the witness? Where's the words of edification that's reaching souls? This is where we are right now. This is why the message church is in the situation that it is because we've accepted this way of life. He's supposed to be salty, right? He told the disciples that he chose them to bring forth fruit. When he told the disciples to bring forth fruit, what did they do? They baptized 3,000 people in one day. They went forth to towns. They went forth talking the gospel. They went forth spreading the gospel. That is bringing forth fruit. See, and that your fruit should remain that whatsoever shall ask of the father in my name, he may give it to you. When do you apply that? Oh, for a job, for something I need. This is the thing. This is this is THE PENTECOSTAL IDEA. WHATEVER YOU ASK OF me and you go to these these these meetings, YOU GOT SUGAR DIABETES, YOU ASK GOD NOW. AND THEY THEY CLAIM THE SCRIPT JOHN 15:16. WHATEVER YOU ASK IN MY NAME, THE FATHER WILL GIVE YOU. NO, he won't. If you're still eating all that sugar, why should he heal you of sugar diabetes? If you're still eating all that cholesterol, if you're still doing living irresponsibly, why should he just suddenly Oh, my poor child. He's suffering. No, this is not about that. This is when you have purpose. This is when you're actually laboring for a soul like like Paul has to take a boat across to an island to go and speak to some savages to talk to them about Christ and there's something wrong in the boat and it's got a hole in there and there's coming water inside and there he says, "Lord, I need to get to that island." That's when he's going to answer. That's what the scripture is about. Not your sugar diabetes, not your high blood pressure and cholesterol and all that. You're doing that to yourself for no reason. Amen. It's not just sons that are in and out. We want sons that remain. We want predestinated sons. In other words, they would be the ways that God would you would become what are you supposed to become? You are supposed to become the way that God finds other sons. Are you with me? And what are you going to bring to them? The word. So, how did God seek us? God sought us by his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's his only way. So you might think there could be better ways. You could be wrong because you don't have the ability to think it through thoroughly. He sends his word for the day. You might think, "I need to go around killing everybody. I need to go around telling everybody the prophecy. You go around shouting out there in the streets, California is going to sink." See how well that's going to do. OR THE VATICAN IS THE BEAST of Revelations 13. People don't want to hear that. People are not interested. They'll just think you're another YouTube hoax. That's all. They're not going to be interested in triple 6 anymore and all because if you go to YouTube, you'll find out all the numerous things that are far more attractive about that than you could ever have. People want an answer to the question in their soul which they don't even know what the question is. &gt;&gt; How can you answer a question? And this is God does, right? It's like Nebuchadnezzar has a dream and forgets his dream. Now Daniel has to tell him his dream and interpret it. I know this to be true. I'm one of those people. If I have a dream, I don't know what I dreamt the next day. literally forget about completely. I think I wake up in the real world already so awake. Whatever happened in the night is is just blank. I'm one of those people. So the law dispensation, what was the law of Moses and the whole dispensation? It was God seeking his people bringing the word right to find them. The five-fold ministry of today is God seeking. The seven messengers of the church ages was God seeking, right? So that if the seed being planted in us by the word would take hold, it will produce one thing that brings about predestination and adoption and the process the road to adoption that we spoke about. Are you ready for this? So when God finds you by the word, what happens? An instant reaction takes place. You start searching for him. He sought you so you can find him. Because now what must happen is every day of your life is you finding him. You finding God. So if God finds you through his word, where are you going to find him? Through his word. What's going to happen? If you if he finds you through the word, you are going to try to find him via the same source. That's how it works. So which means you're not going to rest. You're going to keep going back to the source when So this guy in the plane sitting there and he starts talking about the word and he says, "Okay, you mean all that's in this book?" "Oh, yeah, it's in the book. Can I have the book?" "Oh, sure." And then the guy says, "There's more books." "Oh, where can I get these books?" He doesn't even know what's happened to him right now. But he's now going to do everything in his power to find God after God found him. You're only going to find God through the very same word that he found you with. That's how we're talking about becoming sons. We're talking about the story of God and man. We're talking about how you are going to achieve the purpose that he called you for. If he found you with his word, you will have to find him through the very same word. This is why God finds you and then you think, "Yeah, this message is not really for me." Good luck. That's all I have to say. To seek God, to truly seek God was never in our nature because fallen nature was diseased with selfishness and pride. We would never know where to seek for God in the first place. Once we hear the word and then we go to the source and we begin to seek. That's how it works. Unless you receive the word for your day. Like it's like God calls you through the message, then you go to Luther. That's not the source. &gt;&gt; You're not going to find him there. God calls you through the message and you're going to go to Pentecost. God called you the message under the seventh seal and you want to go try and find the coming of the Lord through Pentecost. You're not going to get it. See, you have to go back to the source. Like people today who want to understand the coming of the Lord but refuse to read the seven seal message, the breach message, and all other things that pertain to that. But you want to think you can understand it. You don't want to read the rapture message, but you want to know what the seven seal is. Every person I know who desired that seven seal and went to find it through that got it. So here's the thing. This is another phenomenon. They seek and they find not. Proverbs 1:28. Then shall they call upon me but I will not answer. They shall seek me early but they shall not find me. John 4:22, "You worship, you know not what we know what we worship. For salvation is of the Jews." This is where he's speaking to the woman at the well. She's a Samaritan. He He is of the Jews. He's saying, "We you worship, but you don't know what you're worshiping." That's kind of like what people in the world do, right? They think they're serving God, but they don't know what they what what they're serving. So, what does this tell us? We just told you that man cannot seek God, right? So here's the the phenomenon that happened. We told you man cannot seek God unless God finds him first. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So how are these people seeking him and not find him? What happened? So here is the tragedy of human nature. So when the world saw Jesus Christ and the disciples and the first church that came out, when the world saw the Levitical order, Moses and the children of the wilderness and Joshua and them in the promised land and they saw them carrying this ark, the world said, "Let's make our ark. Let's make our own ark." So there there arose this ark cult in the time of the ark of the covenant. Everybody was making arcs and then they all started having these priesthoods and sacrifices. So in the same way when the world started seeing like Constantine when he saw the Christians and all that they were doing in Rome, he said I want that. We need that politically. We need that. So let's try and let's try and absorb this into our let's try and and what happened? So in other words, people see you finding God and then they think they can search for him on their own. But God has not found them. &gt;&gt; So what man does is he sees other people finding and tries to copy that. That young people want to be baptized. Don't do that. You have to know the word has made an impression in your heart first. God has found you. Now you must find him. What I've been doing in the last four parts of the series is preaching something that could lead you to find him. Amen. And how do you find him? Because you're going to find yourself in him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what this is about. Finding myself in him is what this whole thing is about. Amen. Seeing my name in the book. &gt;&gt; Do you see your name in the book? So when man seeks God without God finding him first, he's only seeking the concept of God. by other men. His true desire is not even God. He doesn't even know what he seeks and his soul doesn't even desire to worship. So men are going after religion. Men see you in the message. They see this life that you live. They see what you're doing and they feel like let we can do what they do. Look, they they look so happy. They've got their children sorted out. They've got these children that sit through a 2-hour service. That's amazing. They're so well behaved in the church. you know, they don't need uh kids corner and coffee shop in their church. These these kids just sit there and they listen to the word. It's amazing, you know, and the kids are well behaved and they dress so well and they're not worldly and that sounds like a perfect place to settle down. Scary truth is many call on him and he will not answer. Many will call on God and even do service to him and to an idea of him and even receive great results from it because if you live righteous according to the word for your day, you receive the the benefits of it. Remember all that I preached during co about benefits of the message. Now I'm saying even if you don't believe in the message but you just live the message, there are amazing benefits. Even if you don't believe the Bible and just follow the principles of the Bible, there are amazing benefits. Our country is benefiting from the Bible. America is benefiting. The whole world is benefiting from the Bible and they don't believe it and they won't admit it. The scary truth is they'll call on God. They'll do service to him. They'll even have great results, but it is not he that is communicating with them because they are not even calling on him in the first place. They are they were they were not a part of him to begin with. He did not seek them through his word. They were trying to seek him first which no man can do. Is that right? Those are workers of iniquity because they are seeking God with ulterior motives. You cannot call on God unless he finds you first. Are you with us? Now these people who seek God, they're doing it with ulterior motives to satisfy a conscience, their conscience, to find a better way of life, to satisfy knowledge. Many of us have this sense of finding purpose in our existence on earth. And we believe that we must be a god because we couldn't have uh or they believe that maybe Jesus Christ is God. There must be a god somewhere because we couldn't have arrived here by accident. So there must be that's not a reason enough to worship him, right? Even evolution does not satisfy your questions and you're thinking surely he there is a god because evolution is is false and we see all these new evidence and others who search for him do so because they have heard of him from generations past. So those of you want to be baptized, do you want to be baptized because it's what your parents did? Do you want to be baptized because uh of how brother Al preaches and and he he's convincing you that it's good to be baptized. Is that why you want to be baptized? Amen. So, we look for a source to God. And here's here's the real problem with people today. They look for a source to God that is a convenient source. God's word is not convenient. I said this to you before. God's word is very inconvenient. &gt;&gt; I love it. But the word, you know, I love it when the word disrupts me because that's when I need to wake up. H But the word teaches us that nobody can ever search for him unless he first calls. Because without his call, you don't even know where to look. Right? You should you should spend some time in nature. You know, next holiday you have, don't go book some resort on the beach. Don't go book some place where you're going to waste your money and come back and regret it. Go book on a farm with animals and no Wi-Fi. Go milk some cows and feed some goats and just enjoy nature. And you'll see some things. &gt;&gt; You'll see how when a little lamb is born and he's going and he's bleeding and and his mother is somewhere and he doesn't know unless he hears a call, he does not know where to look. He literally will lose himself in the worst possible place. Somebody sent me a and I think I might have sent it to my my kids as well. I'm not sure. this fellow, this fish just kept swimming out onto the bank. It was in shallow water and uh the caption says like God always trying to save me and every time his fellow picks up this fish and puts it back in the water, it swims back on the bank. And then because it can't find its way out of shallow water and then he he like this guy is so frustrated of putting this fish in the water and he keeps swimming back and getting stuck in the bank. That's you. That's what happened. We must keep putting you back in the water and you keep getting stuck all over again. If God does not call, you cannot answer. That's what I'm saying. Get out there in nature. Actually learn something. You actually come back more relaxed and realize, you know what? I'm going back to that farm. I didn't have to spend 10,000 rand on rides for my kids. ungrateful creatures go on the right and still come back and hate me. H take all the pictures and selfies with them all happy and you don't know what else frustration of a day. It was just waking them up in the morning and dressing them in their clothes and taking them for rides and entertainment and they come back and I'm hungry. I hate you. End up with your holiday not even being worth it. Take them to the farm and make them work. You could become a Christian. You might even become a message believer based on logical reason. But if he didn't call you first, you will never even know where to look and you will never find him. &gt;&gt; Amen. God desires us. This is what I love. God wants to be found of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the last step in this u this thought. Jeremiah 29:11-4. For I know the thoughts I think toward you. Just take some time to absorb that. I know the thoughts I think towards you, say the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. An expected end means the right consequences. Okay? Then shall you call upon me and you shall go and pray unto me and I will hearken unto you and you shall seek me and find me when you shall have when you shall search for me with all your heart and I will be found of you. God's not going to hide it. This is why you know when I preached the book of Revelations, I said this is a book of revelations, NOT A BOOK OF HIDING. Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; He didn't write it to confuse you. He didn't WRITE IT ALL DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND. IT'S DIFFICULT TO understand because of you. &gt;&gt; Your thinking it's actually so easy. &gt;&gt; I mean literally call the book revelation and nobody understands it today. I will be found of you said the lord and I will turn away your captivity. I will gather you from all the nations from all the places where I've driven you said the Lord. and I will bring you again unto the place where I cause you to be carried away captive. So here's the process. His thoughts of us will be manifested by his thoughts finding us. I know the thoughts I have for you of you. Right? That's the first part. Then shall you call upon me. So without his thoughts first manifested, you won't be able to call. But then you shall call on me. Then shall you search for me and I will be found of you. I will make myself available. If you search for me with all your heart, through the very same word that I found you through, I shall be found of you. You will receive that reward. You will find me if you search for the seventh seal with the RIGHT HEART. YOU WILL FIND IT. He desires us to seek him. Right? And it's no secret. Even Christ said it. John 7:33-36. Then Jesus said unto them, "Yet a little while I'm with you, and then I go unto him that sent me. You shall seek me and shall not find me, and where I am, so that you cannot come." Then he said, "The Jews among themselves, whether will he go that we cannot find him." Will he go into the dispersed among the Gentiles and teach the Gentiles? Wow. They actually added half right there, right? What manner of saying is this that he said you shall seek me and shall not find me and where I am till the you cannot come. A lot of people said well he's going to heaven they won't be able to find him in heaven. They had it half right. He was going to a place that they didn't believe was the source of God. He was going in among the Gentiles. &gt;&gt; The church was heading in that direction and the Jews would not follow them. They would still be searching FOR GOD WHERE THEY could not find him. He was speaking to the Jews here. The Jews enjoyed being the people of God for 2,000 years. They were halfright. He went among the Gentiles where the Jews were unable to follow. Their way of finding God had ended. Why? Because God had moved into a new dispensation. Now they did everything they COULD AND COULD NOT FIND HIM. WHY? Because I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man comes to the father but by me. After Christ that changed which means even if those Jewish people knew God by the previous way of finding him there was now a new way. He was the way right? So he was the source. If they wanted to they had to come to that source they would search and they would not find him. But what I'm saying is even Christ said it. I am going away. You shall seek me and you shall not find me. Isn't that incredible? So what beautiful pattern we see of finding and seeking and finding in here again finding, seeking and finding. Christ came to find mankind and plant the seed. He sought and found the church and then he left so that we could find him. &gt;&gt; Right? Those who were truly genuine and loved him would have found him. They would have find they would find him by seeking the will of God and searching for the word. Truthfully, the Jews could not follow into the dispensation of grace as they stayed with the law of Moses. They would never find him again until he finds them in the three and a half year tribulation. Is that right? &gt;&gt; To this day, they cannot find him. They're still waiting for the Messiah. Proverbs 8 and verse 17. I love them that love me, and those that seek me early shall find me. Deuteronomy 4:29. But if from thenst thou shalt seek the Lord thy God, thou shalt find him. If thou seek him with all thy heart, with all thy soul. Once God has sought you and found you, you will search for him with all your heart, you will find him. But without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. So young people, you want to get baptized, what are you promising? You're what what you're saying is if you're saying I want to be baptized, what you're saying is I believe God has found me. I understand the process of science. What am I promising to do? I'm promising from this day on to search for him. I am promising that from this day on with every day that I live, I want to find him. I want to never stop searching for him because he found me so that I could find him. &gt;&gt; So if you make that promise when you get baptized, you make that promise. That's what I want to do. You got to stay true to that every day of your life. Every time you come to church, every time you read the Bible, every time you're you're you're with us on the Zoom service on Wednesday, you're with us on Sundays, I am finding him. I That's my desire. Every time I come to church, I want to find him. Lord, let me find you. If you get you in the morning, your head is bowed, the music is praying. There's one thing you pray for. Lord, let me find you today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, let me find you today. You wake up in the morning, you're praying to God, you open the Bible. Lord, let me find you. What do you want to find? the divine nature of God. You found me, let me find you. Amen. Hebrews 11:6, he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. If you find him, you will receive that reward. Amen. So, we're not just going to get baptized and then go back to school, university, go back to work, and then just, well, I got baptized and just go live the same old life and never search for him. &gt;&gt; Right? That means God didn't even find you in the first place. So, one of in closing, one of the greatest secrets to predestination is this. Those who diligently seek him with all their heart and their soul, who love him and believe that he is are those who he has sought and found. This is why predestination sounds unfair. He seeks those who are his. Only those who are his will, who are his will, will respond correctly. They will seek him and they will find him. Christ was God finding mankind. John 3:16. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever might believe shall have everlasting life. Who was the Lord Jesus Christ? He was God seeking man. God finding man. Who is the bride? Man finding God. Amen. &gt;&gt; He sought us that we might find him. They You could never find him unless he found you. Is that right? Look at all the types in the Bible. God found them first. Is that right? God found Abraham. Then Abraham went to find him. Abram was searching for a city whose BUILDER AND MAKER WAS GOD. RIGHT? But God found him first. LOOK AT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM. It had to be that way. &gt;&gt; So this is the this is the reason and I don't want to preach on this today, but this is why Calvinism and Armenianism is wrong because some people believe in God finding. That's where they stop. Others believe in me finding God. So you got Calvinism, Calvinism, and Armenianism. It's got to be God searching for you and you searching for God. It's is it God's work alone? No. Is it my work alone? No. He seeks me and finds me. That's his work. I seek him and I find him. That's my work. That's the middle of the road to predestination. That seeking and finding happens every day with each revelation of the word that drops in. It's like you know when revelation hits you and then you realize I don't know anything right and then you go searching for it and then you find it right but unless the revelation hit like when when he said to them whom do men say that I am and Peter said that was the Christ the son of the living God and Christ Jesus said to him there's no way you knew that my father which is in heaven had revealed because flesh and blood cannot reveal that to you &gt;&gt; right and then Peter still had to find him. Amen. And that is how it works today, saints. That is becoming sons. This is the story of God and man. He sought us that we might find you. Never lose consciousness of that. It's a that's a such a simple uh u subject, such a simple understanding to have, but it's one we lose focus of every day because we get sucked up into what this world affords. Let's never lose that focus. He finds us with his word. We search for him through that word. He sought us so we can find him. So to a believer, it's the most wonderful experience that just keeps on happening. Amen.
