################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-19 - The Throne Of God P3 The Most Holy Place P1 - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-19
Title:    The Throne Of God P3 | The Most Holy Place P1
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Short Clip
Duration: 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjkIyc6ohh4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Greetings dear brothers and sisters in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Trust that you are all well and happy in the word and in the presence of almighty God every single day and I trust that the word has been a blessing to you. So, we are getting into the throne of God part three. That's our subject. And the tabernacle of Moses part two, the most holy place part one. We're going to begin with uh begin the study on the most holy place. And for a title, there I will meet with you. For a scripture reading, we begin from Exodus 25 and verse 21-22. And the word of God reads like this. And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark, and in the ark, thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee. Testimony is the law. Verse 22. And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubams, which are upon the ark of the testimony of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel. So before we begin, let us recall that it took the people's most precious belongings and greatest of sacrifice to build this tabernacle. So it was something that they treasured and kept with honor and holiness. And because it was sanctified by God unto himself, they were able to keep it uh with honor. So we will study all the entire design of the tabernacle. But today we want to particularly see the importance of the holiest of holies or as it is also called the most holy place. So to begin I want us to examine the layout of this tabernacle again. And um we're probably going to do this several times, but what I want to do is um show you with finest detail uh what this really is about. And we're going to go through it uh really with a lot of inspection, looking at the smallest uh things that people might think as insignificant. And uh then we're going to relate it to ourselves and hopefully as we come to the close of the series, we're going to see a lot more with regards to a much broader picture. So I've I've put a diagram in the notes for us to take a look at. And uh if you have it on your phones or tablets or you've downloaded it or if you can uh print a picture of it and uh or I'll see if I can maybe post a picture of it on the WhatsApp group so that you can follow with it. So, if you'll notice, um, we've done it before, but if you'll notice in this diagram, we've got a rectangle. Uh, and of course, that's the largest rectangle is the outer court. And in there, you can see um, looking at the bottom of the diagram, we've got the gate. Then, we've got the square brazen altar, and the circle is the brazen labor. got all the um the labels of this diagram. And then towards the top of the outer court, you can see there um uh another building within that outer court and it's another rectangular building and within that are two rooms. Okay. So, we've got the inner court, which is the larger room and the most holy place or the holiest of holies, is the smaller room. So, in the in the um inner court, you can see the table of shoebre, the seven golden candlesticks, the altar of incense, and in the most holy place, of course, the ark of the covenant. Now, this is a very simple geometric diagram. and not detailed like showing you the pictures of the manora or the seven golden candlesticks and no without those details because today we're going to focus on uh a separate set of details. So one of them is and you can see to the top right of the diagram I've got the the cardinal points of direction. So you'll notice that the um of course your diagram is is uh rectangular vertically. So you'll you'll see that that the most holy place is on the west part of the of the uh tabernacle. The entrance or the gate to the tabernacle is on the east. The seven gold golden candlesticks is on the south and the table of shoebread is on the north. So these are important things to notice. Right? So at the outset I want to say that there are so many things beautiful things that we will pick up on while going through the setting of the tabernacle. Obviously we cannot go through every detail in this teaching. Um but we will pick up everything later. All the finer details we will surely pick it up later. Now I want to start with explaining a few things and we're going to start with the outer court. Now this part this outer court was also called the court of the congregation. Why? because this is the place that the congregation or the people were allowed to enter. Okay? They could come through that gate and uh they could come in uh to the brazen altar. They could meet with the priests there but they were not allowed into the inner court. Okay? So the outer court was also called the court of the congregation. Now we will look at this in finer detail in another segment but for now a few significant things. So this outer court important attributes here that you must take notice of. Now I'm not going to preach on this because I want to focus on the most holy place to towards the middle and end of this uh teaching. But I want you to remember these um important details that we're mentioning now. The outer court was a large empty open space. So if you look at that large rectangle border of the outer court, there was no roof to this. It was just like a fence made of poles and skin, but there was no roof. In other words, the outer court is open to atmosphere. There's no roof or covering. It's open to atmosphere which means the outer court is affected by the climactic conditions. In other words, sun, wind, rain, cold, etc. Right? These are important attributes. Now, I believe if God wanted to have a roof, he would have told Moses to build a roof. Right? Now there were just two major pieces of furniture in this court. That is the brazen altar or the altar of brass and the brazen labor or the labor of brass. These are the different names that you may hear in the Bible. Now in this court the believer was allowed to bring his sacrifice to the priest which would then be offered on the brazen altar. Here the people and the priesthood they could pass freely yet the priests maintained an an a high order of respect and holiness. So it's important to note that there was there could be a high amount of traffic here in this court. In other words, the the priesthood could make contact with the outside. The priest could make contact with other people, right? But still there was meant to be a high order of respect and holiness. So let's read the scripture here. Exodus 26 30-35. This is the tabernacle of the congregation. And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed thee in the mount. Thou shalt make a veil of blue and purple and scarlet and fine wine linen of cunning work with cherubams shall it be made. And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of chitim wood overlaid with gold. Their hooks shall be of gold upon the four sockets of silver. And thou shalt hang up the veil under the tashes that thou mayest bring in thither within the veil the ark of the testimony. And the veil shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy place. And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place. And thou shalt set the table without the veil, and the candlestick over against the table on the side of the tabernacle toward the south. And thou shalt put the table on the north side. So the actual tabernacle was the structure within the outer court. All right? So looking at your diagrams, the outer court was just a fenced off area without a roof. The actual building was this uh rectangular structure that was built up and it was divided into two rooms by a thick veil of fine twine linen. And the first room was called the inner court or the holy place. And the second or innermost room was called the most holy place in the Bible or the holy of holies by the Hebrews. So let's look at that inner court. Now let's study that a little bit. So this rectangular court which we call the inner court had one entrance. Notice that. Okay. So now notice the the directions that I've given you there. Um the rect this this inner cord had one entrance and that entrance was on the east side and that was both an entrance and an exit. Right? So it was an entrance from the outer court into the inner court and it was an exit from the inner court into the outer court. Right? So um this inner court had an entrance from the east side from the outer court into the inner court and then it had an entrance on the west side which took you into the most holy place. This inner court was furnished with three things. It had the seven golden candlesticks on the south side and the table of showbread on the north side and the altar of incense was on the west side just before the veil. Now this room, this inner court room was lit by the light of the candlesticks. There were no windows to let light in. Right? So no no no light coming in from the outside. The light on the inside of the inner court was from the seven golden candlesticks. All very important attributes. Okay. [clears throat] Only the priests and the prophet Moses were allowed in here. Right now, even in this court, man was free to walk around yet always in the highest order of holiness and respect. So there would be the high priest, other priests, and they could walk around in here and they could be free, but they were to keep the highest order of holiness, right? Now this brings us to the most holy place. This room was four square that had only the mercy seat, the ark of the covenant or the ark of the testimony. And later on it had the golden pot in which was the manner that never corrupted. And lastly, even later, it had the rod of Aaron that budded. This room, the most holy place, had only one entrance and exit, and it was at the east side of this little room. This room had no artificial light. It remained in darkness if the pillar of fire was not there. So you'll notice the outer court had light from the sun. It had light from the elements, light from the earth, light from the fires. Um the inner court had light only from the seven golden candlesticks. And the most holy place was the darkest place, right? It had no artificial light. It had no flame by a candle or a or a candlestick or something like that. So the outer cord has light from the elements, light from the from the planet, from the outside. The inner cord has light from the candlesticks. But the light of the most holy place could only be shakina glory. In other words, the pillar of fire. No man could enter into this most holy place except the high priest who would enter in once a year for the atonement. And the only other person allowed to enter in here was the prophet Moses. No one, no priest, no high priest was allowed to just walk in there anytime he felt like. Right. So I want to get to something very important and about this most holy place and we're going to look at six phrases in the verse of uh in a verse of Exodus 25:22 and we're going to look at six phrases there and uh this is going to set a good stage for what we are going to speak on about this most holy place in the other two uh sessions. that we will be coming to. Before we do that, I want you to take notice of the little things in here. You can actually see the two comingings of Christ in the construction of the tabernacle. You can see that the first coming is typed in the east part of the tabernacle and that's where the altar of sacrifices typing where Jesus was crucified. And on the west side of the tabernacle is where the tabernacle is completed. So if you were walking, you you will come in from the east side, pass through the sacrifice, the first coming of the sacrifice, and you will complete that walk in the west. So here we see the second coming symbolized by a most holy room which God meets the believer in. Amen. It's amazing. So, we notice this beautiful expression in just noticing which is east and west of this tabernacle. So, let's get to Exodus 25:22. And this is what it says. And as I read this, I'm going to point out the six um phrases that we are going to study. The first phrase, and I will meet with thee. And that's our title. There I will meet with thee. And there I will meet with thee. Number two, and I will commune with thee. Number three, from above the mercy seat. Number four, from between the two cherubams, which are number five, upon the ark of the testimony of all things which number six, I will give thee in commandment. I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel. Amen. So, we're going to look at these phrases there. I will meet with thee. I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat from between the two cherubams upon the ark of the testimony I will give thee in commandment. So from the studying or from studying the layout we can see that if there was a place to be identified as the throne of God in Moses day it would have to be the most holy place. Judging by the characteristics of things and of men, we can easily not misplace or mistake God's place of rulership. It has to be the most holy place. You wouldn't say the throne of God. Of course, this entire thing um uh is the plan of the throne of God. But you wouldn't u say that the place where God is would be in the outer court or even in the inner court. Right? You would have to acknowledge that the throne itself is in that most holy place. Right? In that time, that was the place of the throne of God, the place of God's rulership. Then if this was the pattern of things that God showed to Moses, was this the pattern God was setting or was there something else that this was made after? Now I don't believe that we could think carnally that there is a place in heaven after which pattern Moses built the tabernacle. Right? I've said this to you before. I believe it's the character of things we need to be watching. Right? So last week I I I mentioned I don't believe that God showed Moses this picture of things in in in in the heavens and then he decided by himself or you know by some understanding that he must build this tabernacle based on a picture right he was shown some kind of vision and he had the gift to interpret that vision and God allowed him to interpret it and then gave him instructions on how to design the vision. very things right so in not too much detail let's look at what characteristics God considers to be the most holy place so that's what we have to study here is the character of things that's what we need to watch okay so looking at the character the characteristics of the things that God considers to be the most holy place from which he said he would speak. He said he would speak from that most holy place and from there would be the place he would give revelation of his word. So to start off with we start with the main phrase there I will meet with thee. Now firstly uh this was an absolutely amazing uh revelation. I I had never seen this before when I preached um uh this series some time ago. I think it was 2014 or something. I had never seen this before and I I was quite amazed that I never took notice of this. So in the Bible, the word meet that is me e means to keep an appointment that was previously set up. Okay? when you say someone. So if you talk about meeting someone uh in life we meet people by accident or coincidence as we would say sometimes. So it's like you go into a shopping mall and you and you see someone. So what you would describe as meeting someone means not just seeing someone but basically bumping into them uh recognizing one another and exchanging words, greetings and you would call that meeting someone. Okay. But um that's that's a coincidental meeting. But if a meeting is planned main the main meaning of meeting is an appointment that was previous previously set up in other words you you planned beforehand to meet right and that's how it works with with people when you say I have a meeting with someone you obviously have had preparations you've discussed something and both parties have agreed to come together on something that's what a meeting is. So if he says there I will meet with thee, uh he's not going to wait randomly for Moses to pitch up at this tabernacle once in a while and that's when when he sees Moses there then he will come down. No, he will tell Moses, I'm going to meet with you. Meet me at such and such a time on such and such a date. In other words, it was previously set up. Right? So this shows that God's meetings are not random. They're not haphazard. They're not coincidental. They are not casual happenings. Moses, though he had privileges, he could not just saunter into the most holy place and make himself at home and then call on God. An appointment had to be made by God. Now symbolically that indicates the fornowledge of God. How that God knows what revelation is needed at what time and that he's always on time or schedule to give to Moses or whoever it is um what he's supposed to give them for that day. So by fornowledge an appointment was made right. It means that this is an occurrence that takes place by appointment. A meeting is an occurrence that takes place by appointment. It's not random. It's not by perhaps. It's not coincidental like you meeting someone at the mall. But saints, there is a far greater meaning to this. All right? So consider the word meet. There I will meet with thee. Consider the word meat in this scripture. This is astounding. Now, in the Hebrew lexicon, so for those of you who have the table on uh the table program of the message in the Bible on your computer, so if you open up your table and you go to the scripture, Exodus 25:22, and you come to the scripture where it says, "There, I will meet with thee." And if you click on that word meat, it's going to bring you into the Hebrew word or if you have a Strongs concordance, you go to Strong's concordance number 3259 and you'll find the Hebrew word used where you find the English word meat. Right? So, the original Hebrew word is spelled Y Apostrophe A D or pronounced Yah. Okay. And the meaning there is okay. So, there's a few meanings to this word, right? Meet there. I will meet with thee. The meanings are to fix, appoint, to assemble, to meet, to set. So far, we're doing fine. We expected that. But the last and most important meaning there is betro or marry. Okay. So the word meet our modernday English is not meant here in the Bible. This is not coincidental meeting. It's not just about, you know, when we think of meet, we think of two people coming together to sit and discuss something. That's not entirely wrong because Moses could come into the holiest of holies uh and uh uh to hear from God, right? Um, so it didn't seem wrong to say that two people coming together to sit and discuss something could mean meet. But that's how we commonly uh interpret it today. But this word meet has such a great meaning and such greater meaning and reveals so much more to us. The original word in the Hebrew is yahad. Ya ya pronounced ya yad that's probably the pron the correct pronunciation it is used in several scriptures right in um that that particular word for meat is used in several scriptures in the Bible and it's first used as the word betrothed in the book of Exodus it means married right in other words um of course Before I get to that, its first use of that word yahad to mean married. It is then used thereafter in other places for the word gather or assemble or appoint or meet as we've seen in this particular verse. Then there is one other place that this word yard is used. the same word in another astounding way that adds another dimension to this revelation for us and it is Amos 3:3 and that is the it is used for the word agreed. Amos 3:3 says can two walk together except they be agreed. Right? So if we if we stick out the other word, stick the other word in. Can two people walk together except they they meet? Okay, let's stick all the words in. Can two people walk together except they be betrothed? Right? So I'm going to put this to put all this together. So the Lord said, "There I will meet with you." Right? So there I will meet with you means there we will be betrod or there we will be agreed or in a better sense there I will become one with you this is amazing because there is so much in there right in Abs 3:3 it is can two walk together except they be agreed say it another way can two walk together if they cannot meet? Can two walk together if they cannot become one? What does a scripture actually mean? Here's the reality of Amos 3:3. Can two people share the same purpose if they cannot be of one mind or one nature? That's what it means. Can two walk together except they be agreed? What's the deeper meaning behind the scripture? Can two people share the same purpose if they cannot be of one mind or one nature? So saints, the holiest of holies is the only place designated by God where his name and nature can become one with man's name and nature. And when there is a union of nature or mind, then there is a union of purpose. See, so when he says there I will meet with thee, he's saying there I will become one with you at a time appointed, appointed before the foundation of the world. Not a random time. A time I've seen, a time I've chosen. That's when I will become one with you. And this only takes place in that holiest of holies, the most holy place. Praise be to God. That's wonderful, saints. There's so much that could be said of this, so much more that could be said. So I I believe that when um you know just by finding out what these things mean, these words mean for example the word meat is such an incredible revelation because it brings a greater dimension to what the scripture actually is trying to tell us. Right there I will meet with thee. All right, which brings us to the second phrase. Now this next phrase indicates what kind of relationship occurs after a meeting. What kind of relationship occurs after a marriage or a union of natures uh or of the mind a union of the mind of two minds. This tells us what kind of relationship occurs after that has taken place. So let's bring this together. Commune means to converse. Converse means to talk or communicate. So commune means to share thoughts. Okay? So there I will meet with thee. That's the starting point. There I will become one with thee. Right? And there I will commune with thee. In other words, there we will share thoughts. So this indicates that God didn't just call Moses to give him instructions. He also called him so that he could hear what Moses's thoughts were. This is amazing. God had them design this place where he could become one with the prophet and where the people's case could be presented before God and God could present his case before Moses and there could be a meeting of the minds. There could be a union of nature. Right? Now, here's a question I want to ask. Is there such a place in heaven where God will consider the thoughts of man? If you believe in the nominal Christian Pentecostal denominational idea of heaven in the universe, where is that place of access that that you can go to in the universe where you can commune with God? Now we know from places in the Bible that God hearkened to the voice of Moses. That means he heard what Moses has to say. And there's some places where it says and the Lord repented himself. Which means the Lord changed his mind based on what Moses said. So when we ask about hearing the thoughts of men, we know it cannot happen in a physical place, right? The most holy place in the tabernacle of Moses was a spectacle, a physical place that the people could see Moses go into when he went uh from the outer court into the inner inner court and past the veil into the most holy place. The people knew that Moses was in the most holy place. It was a spectacle. It was a physical place that the people could see him go into. And this would solidify the importance of Moses' ministry. In other words, it vindicated Moses. It made Mo Moses ministry uh feel more significant to the people. So we know that God does not need right the truth is he doesn't need a physical room a physical place or some room in your house some specific room in your house where you have to kneel down before a Bible or a cross. God doesn't need a physical place that you can find where he can commune with your thoughts where he can know your thoughts and you can hear it. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; It doesn't work that way, right? Uh this was a the place built to solidify the importance of Moses ministry to the people. We know that God does not need a physical place to commune with the thoughts of man. We know he already knows our thoughts before we even say something to him. He already hears one's thought. However, he will not commune with men except under specific conditions. Now, well, clearly things have to be in a certain order for this to be even possible. So, this brings us to the next point above the mercy seat. So, for it to be possible that God would commune with man, there first has to be a mercy seat. Okay? So look at the look at the process we're going through. I will meet with thee. That means I will become one with you. Then I will commune with thee. That means I will share thoughts. We will share thoughts. I will share mine. You will share your thoughts. Right? But these are the conditions now above the mercy seat. So for it to be possible that God would commune with man, there first has to be a mercy seat in place. What is that? What is a mercy seat? Right now, if you go again into your Hebrew lexicon to have a look at what that means, mercy seat, the Hebrew word is capore. Mercy seat or place of atonement. It's the place of atonement. Okay. the golden plate of propitiation on which the high priest sprinkled the seed seven times on the day of atonement symbolically reconciling Jehovah and his chosen people. The slab of gold. These are the descriptions in the Hebrew lexicon. The slab of gold on top of the ark of the covenant which measured two by 2.5x 1.5 cubits. on it and part of it were the two golden cherubam facing each other whose outstretched wings came together above and constituted the throne of God. All right. So it is a place that mercy seat is a place that upon which there must be something that brings atonement. Okay, that's what that mercy seat is. In this case, it is the blood of atonement. Okay. So, how about in heaven? If people say God's throne is in heaven in the universe, now we know that in heaven there is no flesh and blood. So, what is the mercy seat in heaven? Come on, saints. What is the mercy seat in heaven? What is the blood of atonement a type of in heaven? There was no literal mercy seat in heaven needing blood before Christ. So where did it suddenly come from when Christ was crucified? Right? So what I'm asking you is if if Moses saw the pattern of things in the heavens, why would God in heaven need an altar of sacrifice when nothing was sacrificed physically in heaven in the seventh and sixth dimension? There is no killing in heaven. I certainly hope that the seventh and sixth dimensions cannot have shed blood. Otherwise, what's the point of going there for the rapture? You can't kill theophony in heaven. There's no animals running around for you to cut up and shed blood. So why would God need a seat in heaven, a mercy seat in heaven that requires blood? Blood was uh what was required for an atonement. So what offerings would be accepted in a sixthdimensional place where there is no killing or shedding of blood? So we realize then that this mercy seat in heaven is just a symbol of something, right? So before Christ, what was this throne functioning as? As long as there is no blood upon the mercy seat, it is a judgment seat. Amen. That's what we got to understand. As long as there is no blood of atonement, it is a judgment seat. Let's read from Revelations chapter 5. That is the message Revelation chapter 5 preached in 1961 paragraph 64. Brother Baron says, "And we found them in the Old Testament with the ark. We find them in the New Testament. And then we find them over in the coming of the Lord again. cherubims guarding the mercy seat. The mercy seat would which no one could approach unless there was an atonement there for that person. Only way that the sanctuary when it was sprinkled of the blood then it became a mercy seat. I want to read that again. only way that the sanctuary when it was sprinkled with a sprinkle of the blood then it became a mercy seat. In other words, what brother Ben Baram is saying is the only time it becomes a mercy seat is when there is blood present on it. But after the blood was taken off, then it became a judgment seat. Amen. So therefore we can say that before the blood of Christ was shed it was a judgment seat. When the blood was applied it became a mercy seat and a place of meeting. There could be no meeting if there's no blood. But if the blood is taken off again it goes back to being a judgment seat. Why is this important? So therefore, when the blood is applied, listen carefully saints, it is the only season that is possible for there to be a baptism of the Holy Ghost. Right? There can only be a baptism of the Holy Ghost when there is blood on the mercy seat. When there is blood on the on the seat, then it becomes a mercy seat. Then there can be baptism of the Holy Ghost upon man. And there can only be the existence of a bride church. Why? Because if there's no blood on the mercy seat, there can be no union. There can be no marriage. It's simple to understand. If it's a judgment seat, there can be no meeting. Right? How can there be of one mind? How can there be a union of minds, a union of nature if there is no blood? So there the reason for a mercy seat there the reason for a mercy seat is so that blood can be applied and that makes it possible for communion it makes it possible for meeting right if there's no blood there's no meeting there's no marriage there's no communication there's no appointments there's no revelations so what's important is that wherever the throne of God is if the judgment seat does not have something to transform it into a mercy seat then there is no communion appointments or revelations. Why is this important for you to understand my brother my sister? This in a few words means right that we need to gravely and soberly realize what it means to have a soul without an atonement. So obviously what am I saying? If you know if we are to be the throne of God in the last day, what is the atonement in our soul that changes our being from having a seat of judgment changed to a seat of mercy thereby restoring communication and revelation. So I'm going to say this simply without what's in my notes. Okay. Um, you believed that you knew God for so long. You believe that you heard from God for so long. You believe that you understood God for so long. But the scriptures themselves tell us that you were alien to God. You were alienated in your own mind. That's that's what Colossians says. You were alienated in your own mind from him because you did not understand the things of God. Right? Now just think about this. You actually thought that when you prayed to God, he was talking to you. You were talking to him. In the meantime, if there was no atonement in your own soul, you were basically bluffing yourself. And a lot of people in this world experience that. It's an intellectual conception. It's a feeling. It's an emotion. But when you have that blood of atonement in your soul right now, how can there be blood in the soul? Obviously, this is symbolic. In other words, if you really have a revelation of Calvary, if you really have a revelation of who Christ is to you, if that blood of sacrifice means more to you than life itself, if you've had a serious experience of salvation, saints, then you have that blood on the mercy seat in your soul. And that's what gives you the ability to have a meeting with God. There I will meet with thee. That's where you have the ability to have the marriage of the two natures in your soul. And that gives you communion. Praise be to God. Which then leads to revelation. Again, that is something we will get to, right? We will get to that communication, that revelation. We will get to that mercy seat. We're going to be talking about that, right? We're going to study that mercy seat in man [clears throat] in a different segment. Now, this brings me to the fourth uh phrase between the cherubams. Okay, so cherubams in the Bible are guardian angels. They're gods. They symbolize a guardian anointing. You remember uh lion, ox, man, eagle. They were anointings of the Holy Ghost and they were gods. Now, what are they? Some kind of ferocious creatures that if something comes close to them, they run off and bite something. Okay, so let's not be ridiculous, okay? What are these really? They are anointings of the Holy Ghost. Now, how does anointing protect anything? And what is it protecting? Remember, we spoke about this in the seals. Uh why does God need protecting? I mean, he's God. He doesn't need protecting from anything. So, what's the point of having guardian angels? Okay. So it actually shows you contrary to the thinking of man. This is not protecting God. This is protecting the outside from the inside. See now there's only one thing they are also protecting on the inside and we're going to talk about that now. They protect the mercy seat and whatever it and whatever is upon it. How? So let's think about this symbolically. They protect not by fighting but by covering. You can see that in the design of the cherubams on the mercy seat. What were they doing? They had outstretched wings covering the seat. Their duty is covering the mercy seat. So the full view, excuse [clears throat] me, the full view is blocked. What does that mean? The revelation is blocked. Okay, this means if one really wants to know what is on the mercy seat, one has to see what the cherubams see or simply have the same anointing. Do you get it? See, you can't be uh you can't be uh a viewer or try to get around the Germans to see what is on the seat itself to have that because the wing is covering. You have to have the eyes of the cherubams because only the eyes of the cherubams are going to see what is on that seat. Nothing else can see the complete mercy seat. What does this mean? Cherubams therefore represent anointing produced by revelation, not the other way around. Anointing doesn't produce revelation. Revelation produces anointing. Right? So in this case, [clears throat] revelation produces the right anointing to protect the throne from corruption. That's what the cherubs are there for. So in other words, there's so many things that God places here in I there I will meet with you. I will commune with you, but I'm not going to commune anywhere else. I'm not going to meet anywhere else. I'll meet with you in the most holy place. Now in the most holy place, I will commune with you on the mercy seat from between the cherubams. So there are conditions. So even in your soul, I am going to commune with you in your soul. So I'll meet with you in your soul. But I'll commune with you on condition that there is an ark with a mercy seat on it and there's cherubams and I'll commune with you from between the the two cherubams which is upon the ark and we'll get to that just now. Right? So what are the cherubams representing? anointing produced by revelation. Beautiful. Upon the ark of the testimony. That's point number five. So notice the mercy seat and the ark are two different pieces alto together. Right? The ark is just a box or a carrier or [clears throat] a cradle that houses something or keeps something safe from the outside. In this case, the ark was the protector of the law. And what is the law? The law is the nature of God revealed to man, the written word. Okay? So this means that somewhere in our soul, we must have an ark where the written word can find a place to be anchored or rested and take root. It is only upon this ark that the mercy seat will fit because it is made of the exact dimensions of the ark. The mercy seat would not fit on any other box, not any other ark. It's designed for the ark. So, can you see that the mercy seat and the ark are two different pieces? But the mercy seat is designed for this for this ark. So this configuration in your soul God is telling you communication will be effective. Sharing of thoughts will only take place if there is an ark where the written word has taken root, where it finds rest, where the written word is anchored and upon that there must be this mercy seat. It must have a representation of atonement on it. And furthermore, it must have anointing which comes from the revelation of that atonement. Amen. Point number six, which is our last point, I will give thee commandment. So above receiving revelation of who God is saints and so much more he says he will give us commandment or instruction. This place is the control tower of man. Most men have their brain as a control tower. They think that their that their control tower is their brain. But we know that that place is so easily corrupted by the enemy. The brain of man is so easily corrupted. The spirit of God gives the believer a commandment from the most holy place. What is a commandment? Law. What is law? The correct leading, the correct instinct of what to say and what to do to be truly righteous. Commandment then translates to the application of the revelation. So it's fine. Your soul receives revelation deep within. Revelation is given. You say amen to that. But then from that soul realm comes instruction, commandment. Your spirit perceives through that revelation, instruction to know what to do in everyday life by the nature of God. And saints, that's what every true believer desires for his life. That's where I believe we feel our purpose becoming real. Amen. I believe however that the main thing a believer has to come to terms with is that we cannot meet God anywhere else today but in the place that he has provided. There I will meet with thee saints. In closing, I want to put it to you this way. And I'm stepping ahead. so far ahead. People make the mistake. People's lives with God are all upside down because they feel they can meet him in the outer court. They feel that they can that their natures become one with God because they do things on the outside because they keep the standards because they dress right or they dress in a certain way because they give to charities because they pray every day because they read the Bible. Those things are out of court things. That's not where he meets. That's not where you become one with his nature. That's not where the marriage takes place. That's not where the communion takes place. They can there's no atonement there uh taken in where there is no corruption. Right? Some people think it's the spirit, it's the mind, it's the inner cord. It's where you can some people think in your spirit is where you you you feel the emotions where you um you have your understanding of the scriptures or the way you can study the word or uh you know the the spirit realm of man seems to be the most important thing to him. He thinks his mind is more important. How he can explain things, how he can explain doctrines, how he can teach doctrines, how he can preach doctrines, how he can express things to other people. But even that is not where the marriage can be. That's not the most holy place. That second court is not the place where he meets. There's no communion there. There's no marriage there. There's no atonement there. There's no mercy seat there. There is no anointing created by revelation there saints. God has provided a place where he said there I will meet with thee. That is the holiest of holies. That is the most holy place. There is no artificial light herein. This is where shakina glory itself comes down. The meeting takes place in that shakina presence. Amen. That's where I will become one with you. That is where you and I will be agreed. That is where your purpose and my purpose come together in a union. That is where I will commune with you. You will commune with me. That's where I will share my thoughts. That's where you will share your thoughts. That's where our purposes will combine. And from there I will give you commandment. I will teach you how to take the revelation and and break it down into instruction to tell you what to do on the outside, what your outer cord can do, what your inner court can do. But I will meet with you in the holiest, the most holy place, the holiest of holies. Amen. May the Lord bless you. We will get more into this in the next few sessions, but I trust that you would understand and take some of the things that we spoke on. Saints, if there's some of you that have been living by intellectual conception, if God is not speaking to you from his word, I believe that every one of us are uh or have reached a place where when we read the word, God is speaking to us. God is revealing things to us. And if that is happening with you when you read the Bible, when you read the message, when you are going beyond just carnal understandings and intellectual conceptions, when you are going beyond that and God is revealing things to you, then something has taken place inside the soul. There's been a resurrection. Shakina glory has landed. Shakina glory has filled the room. Amen. And you receiving from the most high himself. There I will meet with thee.
