################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-23 - Stature of a Perfect Man P1 [Partakers of the Divine Nature] - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-23
Title:    Stature of a Perfect Man P1 [Partakers of the Divine Nature] - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNO37I0tlrY
========================================

Description:
21 September 2025, Newcastle
Partakers of the Divine Nature

00:00 - Scripture Reading
34:26 - Quote 1
40:54 - Quote 2
55:51 - Quote 3
01:11:34 - Quote 4
01:25:04 - Quote 5
01:34:25 - Quote 6

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. We like to greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And uh before you take your seats, um let's just read one scripture and then we pray. Ephesians chapter 4:13 [Music] says, "Till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ." Amen. May the Lord add a blessing to his word. Let's bow our heads as we pray. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, what a wonderful privilege it is, Lord, that we can bow in your presence this morning. We certainly appreciate you, oh Lord, and thank you for this wonderful time that we could spend together with the saints of God and of light, precious faith. We appreciate Lord all your goodness and your grace toward us for safe traveling with the healing of our bodies for the wisdom that you give to us every single day Lord that we might live our lives guided and our paths lit by the Holy Spirit. We appreciate you Lord. Thank you Lord for this gathering of believers. We know it is just once a month that we get together here and yet Lord we appreciate the faithfulness of the saints and we ask you Lord that you would take the sacrifice of worship and praise that we have brought this morning by our lips by our hearts by our minds and our souls. May it be accepted before you as a sweet smelling savor. Lord, may the prayers of the saints, Father, for all those needs that were mentioned, Lord Jesus, we may ascend to you and undertake for our needs. We pray, Father God, we commit the service before you this morning. And we appreciate once again the revealed word of the hour. Appreciate the message of the prophet of the last day. We thank you Lord from the bottom of our hearts for this great salvation that you have brought to us by such a great ministry in the in these last times. Lord Jesus we appreciate it with more than our life. Oh God we pray that you may bless us this morning as we would break into the very things that he has taught and we appreciate Lord that we can have this time once again. May you be with us. Bless the reading of the word as well and may you bless our hearts. Father, we pray and ask all of these things in your precious name with praise and thanksgiving. Amen. The Lord bless you. May be seated. We'd like to greet you once again in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Certainly good to be with you once again in Newcastle. And um uh trusting that the Lord will bless us this morning as we begin a new series. And uh the last time we we told you we're going to uh close down the series on on living the life and we're going to probably be pick up a lot of the things on gathering the stones in maybe a different uh format. But so we are going to begin as I said to you on the WhatsApp group the stature of a perfect man. And this is going to be part one. It's the introduction and for a title, partakers of the divine nature. Amen. So once again, Ephesians 4:13 says, "Till we all come in the unity of the faith." That's that's like a like a a um a point that we are looking to till we all come in the unity of the faith. That means we're expecting to all come to the unity of the faith. Amen. and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man and the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Amen. So stature of a perfect man was a message that the prophet preached on October 14th, 1962 at Jeffersonville. Then on November 4th, 1962, just under a month later, he preaches the same message under a different title called Blasphemous Names. So basically statue of a perfect man and blasphemous names are the same message with the same uh uh thought in there but in blasphemous names he takes the inspiration from the dream of a lady in the church named sister shepherd and that the relationship of these two messages is fascinating because as you know that Christianity uh uh is a religion eventually created by man. Christ didn't create Christianity. Christ didn't even call us Christians. Uh the world creates religions. God brings faith. And uh Christ reached out to all people. He did not create a denomination. He didn't create a sect. He didn't teach uh that there should be all this. He didn't teach that we should amass wealth to ourselves, that we should become any religion eventually ends up there. And the whole point of the truth is is to take us away from that and uh to bring us back to humility to be able to serve people to be able to tell people the truth and that's what this is about. So when you hear something like stature of a perfect man and then you hear this message called blasphemous names and it's the same message under different titles there's something there that we will eventually get to that's very very important but I think and I think it's really fascinating but we'll keep it for the end of the series. Amen. So in this message, Statue of a Perfect Man, he was inspired by 2 Peter 1:3-10, which we will read later, and Ephesians 4:13, which we have just read. And this is our reason for calling our series stature of a perfect man. Okay? And it comes from the word the the whole the clue of everything comes from the word stature. Okay? Now stature refers to the height or the measurements of a person, right? The stature of of a man is the measurement the measurements of a person. The stature of of anything is the measurements of of it, right? So u in other words when he says the stature of a perfect man and he's saying till we all come to the fullness it is the height or the measurement of a perfect man &gt;&gt; right and we are referring to the spiritual stature the highest height there is or there can be and there is none and never has been a man more perfect than Christ. He is the perfect man. That's what our faith is. Now, Ephesians 4:13 is telling us. Now, how do we know this? Because you remember Revelations 5 when it said, "Who is worthy to take the book?" And there was none worthy, not on earth, not in heaven, not under the earth. In other words, in any spiritual dimension, there was not one worthy to take the book. Right? So, Ephesians 4:13 is telling us that we must be measured against his full stature. Right? What that means is for example if he's the standard we must be measured against that standard &gt;&gt; right so we must be measured according to him you can measure yourself to any other person and you might never attain it you might measure yourself to Mr. Mandela and nobody will attain that. You might measure yourself to Mahatma Gandhi and nobody will ever there's nobody who will be exactly like Mahatma Gandhi. There'll been there'll never be someone exactly like Nelson Mandela or any of the heroes of history. Never. But there's actually something concerning Christ that tells you you can attain it. &gt;&gt; Just think about that. There'll always be there'll be people who say that guy you know he's so close he's almost like Mr. Mandela he's almost like Mahatma Gandhi one of the heroes of of the world but only Christ is one who tells you you can attain the perfection &gt;&gt; the completeness it's wonderful isn't it so in the Bible so here's the other thing very very important for us to understand in the Bible there is this word perfect right and in human nature the word Perfect means to be like blameless or spotless or having no mistakes or so. When we think about it, we think who could ever be perfect? Nobody's perfect. That's a common thing we say nowadays, right? Nobody's perfect. And it's like an excuse, you know, like I made a mistake. I did something wrong. Nobody's perfect. That's not what the Bible means by perfect. In the Bible, the word perfect means complete. &gt;&gt; Okay? To be perfected means to be complete. &gt;&gt; And complete in the Bible is a completely different understanding. Complete does not mean finished or completed. Complete means satisfied or needing nothing more or having all that is necessary. Completely different. So, you know, um let's say um a man gets married to the the love of his life and he says, "I am complete." That doesn't mean he's perfect. That doesn't mean he's got no mistakes. That doesn't mean uh I mean, he's he's married a woman and he says, "I'm complete. He still needs a house. He still needs a car. He still needs a whole lot of other things." What does he mean by saying I'm complete? He means I have everything I need, everything that is necessary and with that I can gain anything else. &gt;&gt; Do you understand? So to the measure or the stature of a perfect man can be can be said the stature of a complete man. &gt;&gt; The stature the measure of a person who needs nothing else who has everything that is necessary. So which brings us to the question necessary for what? Right? So you'll never find in anyone's eyes a perfect person for anything. Never. And and this is the condition with humans is we judge everyone. Uh it doesn't matter what religion you come from, whether you're a Christian, whether you're filled with the Holy Ghost, you still judge everyone. And you're always finding people wanting like they're always lacking something. They're missing something like they're never uh they're never fully perfect in anybody's eyes. Right? So obviously if we need to be measured against the stature of a perfect man, a complete man, and that is Christ, then our aim as Christians, you know, we were not we're not here for a religion. We're not here for a religious purpose. One of the reasons why we as this church are so few in number is because we tell the truth. You can get a whole lot more people if you keep telling lies for 50 years. Because people love living in lies. The moment you tell people the truth, they leave because the truth cuts them up. The truth corrects them. The truth judges. The truth exposes us, our feelings, our intentions. The truth demands light. Light means uh honesty and exposure. Living honestly in the eyes of all people. The truth sets you free. &gt;&gt; Uh lies makes you stressed, right? And most religion is based on lies. They took Christianity, the original words of Christ, and created lies and formed denominations and formed sects and followings to elevate a certain person or a certain movement. But if you come back to the truth, you'll never get that. This is why maj the Bible will tell you there are so few in the end times that will actually be following the truth and walking in the light. Are you with me? So our aim as Christians is not to come to a part of the measure. If you really want to be like him as we've sung make make me more like thee. That means I want to come to the full stature. I'm not going to be satisfied. I want I don't want a fraction. I want the whole. &gt;&gt; I want to come to the fullness of the stature of a perfect man. Amen. So to be able to come to that fullness, we have to study what makes up the stature of Christ, the perfect man. Now when we think of Christ, we think, you know, he was God. Uh who can measure up to God? All right, here's the secret. It's not the God part that we must fulfill. &gt;&gt; It's the man part, &gt;&gt; right? God's purpose for us was always to be a perfect man, not a perfect God, &gt;&gt; a perfect man. &gt;&gt; Right? So what happened was sin robbed us of that ability. Christ came to bring back what would be the purpose of God becoming man. Not to show you what God is, but to show you what man is. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What a complete godly man is. That was the whole purpose of him coming. And why would he have to show us that? Because we sinned against that. &gt;&gt; What makes this study easier is the understanding of the church ages and you know what we use in this the sort of pyramid diagram. Amen. So Christ came to bring back that ability to change the world. All right. This is why you have scriptures like for God so loved the world that he gave his only son that whosoever might believe. Right? There should be salvation for that person, &gt;&gt; right? Salvation means what? Healing. &gt;&gt; Healing from what? From the sin, the the fall from the original condition of man. To think that we and it's you don't need scientific proof. You don't need empirical evidence. You are born as a baby a perfect soul, a perfect human, a human capable of every single good thing. But from the time your your parents teach you to speak, your teachers in school, your friends, you just start doing everything bad. Nobody just nobody well anymore since the fall of Adam, nobody thinks I have to do the right thing. Everyone thinks I can do the wrong thing and find an excuse for the wrong thing. And so this is why this is different in terms of Christianity, in terms of Christ. I don't really like to use the word Christianity because it's such a label today that is that is uh abused by people who claim to be Christians and are not true Christians. Right? So let's go to this diagram very quickly and uh I hope you can see that. There we go. So this is just a a diagram a symbol, right? It's it's it's not uh any real or particular uh thing. It's just we couldn't explain this with a circle or a or a rectangle or a square. This is the best thing to do because there is a capping stone that fits on it. Right? So what we're looking at is there at the bottom from faith from the bottom right at the at the base that would be the starting point of what is called Christianity today which is when Christ died. And so that first church age called Ephesus fell under the ministry and the influence of Paul the apostle to the Gentiles. Now you can see at the bottom the base is so broad. They were baptizing 3,000 people in one day, &gt;&gt; right? First day they bapt I once told our people, can you imagine how tired you would be baptizing 3,000 people? By the time you get to a 100, one man is tired. How do they get in 3,000 people in one? And they had no cars, no social media. It means people flocked to the river or the marketplaces wherever they were and they baptized 3,000. So you had all these people accepting and the reasons I could go into it but I'll take I'll take hours to explain to you why people were attracted to Christianity in the Middle East moving towards the west and the east. Why? Because every other regime at that time was oppressive, restrictive and they were manipulating people with fear of death, fear of the underworld and fear of darkness. And they were using sacrifices, sacrifices of babies and young virgins. This was what the Middle East and the religions around was all about. And Christianity by the sacrifice of Christ liberated them from that and said there is no longer need for the spilling of any other blood cuz his blood will do. &gt;&gt; That's why it liberated that whole region and why so many people why do you think you would actually baptize 3,000 people on the first day? Because of the promise, &gt;&gt; right? So now you have all these people uh at this base. And so what we're seeing is it it progresses under the ministries and it starts the the the ministry of Christ begins to move through men of different nations and starts to move west. So we we go to Ireanius of Leons from France Martin Cola Luther Germany Wesley of the United Kingdom and eventually the United States. So that's the if you track Christianity from Jerusalem, it tracks all the way to the the United States where the last foundation was or if I say the last progression of the church from America, everything goes downhill because they literally took Christianity, publicized it, monetized it, messed it up with Hollywood, changed all the holiness and they've desecrated it. So there's no growth from there. Understand? So that's that's what it's that's what it's tracking. So when you reach that point there, we now are awaiting the capstone which is Christ himself. So now if you look that is the the top piece there. And so if you look at what is in the center there, you've got those virtues, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, and brotherly kindness. What it's showing us is characteristics that the entire growth or maturity of the church was putting back into man such that when it reaches its fullness then Christ can come down and complete the man. &gt;&gt; Right? So that's the whole study of the stature of a perfect man. So I got six points that I put up. If you study these church ages, number one, it reveals every doctrine the church should follow. Number two, it reveals every character that prevails in the world. So if you look at this, the the study of the church ages, it reveals all the characters in the world, false and true. &gt;&gt; It tells you what the false church did. It tells you what the true church did. It show you how the false church persecuted the true church. A lot of Christians don't like to mention this, but the Catholic Church killed 68 million Christians during the dark ages. &gt;&gt; This was Christians slaughtering Christians. What for? Because they disagreed on doctrine and the Holy Ghost. And the Christian churches started calling each other the the most powerful ones started calling the others heretics. So what it's doing is exposing the nature of man. God allowed that. So you could see the nature of man. And those who when the false nature was exposed, the true nature was now shown. This is what it is in opposition to that. So the true believer would tend not to be like that which was exposed as false. That's the whole point. So it reveals every character that prevails in the world. Number three, it reveals the character the true Christian and the false the true and false vine like I just elaborated. Number four, it reveals the deity of Christ. So Christ was not just a man. He was God the man. &gt;&gt; And from the beginning when God created Adam, he created Adam, &gt;&gt; God the man, &gt;&gt; which is what all humans according to the Bible was were meant to be. You were meant to be the dominion over the earth. You were meant to be the ones who would protect the ecological system, protect the earth, protect nature, make sure the every ecological system runs according to the order of God. You were supposed to be in sub uh you were supposed to have everything under your dominion. You were supposed to have everything under your subjection. You were not supposed to be terrified of a cockroach and a mouse. And you were not supposed to be afraid of a lion and an elephant. They were supposed to be afraid of you. They were supposed to serve you. You were made in the image of God. &gt;&gt; And look how far we've fallen. We're afraid of our own shadows today. Right? That doesn't sound like a God man, right? Look at us. We're we're in subjection to alcohol, to drugs, to smoking, to swearing, to uh pornography, to to fornication. We who are supposedly made in the image of God are in subjection to vices and then we create religions to make us feel okay with our vices. This is the the word of God that tells you you're meant to be above all that. &gt;&gt; Christ came to show us and put all things under his feet. means in subjection to him. &gt;&gt; Which means you by the spirit of God, by your own free will are supposed to be able to putting are supposed to be able to put all sin under your feet. &gt;&gt; Right? So how can you do that unless you have what is necessary? &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you have all that is necessary? So number five, he says shows us Christ in the church. That means like we spoke of last week, Christ means the word made flesh. The word made flesh in the church. That's the teaching on church age is what it shows us. And then it shows us the progress of the church to the rapture. And what is the rapture? That capstone coming down is the rapture. It is Christ and the bride becoming one. It is finally man and God uniting, bringing back what was lost. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's where we are today. Right? So what each age actually showed was how the Holy Spirit was taking the Gentiles through stages of maturity to be prepared for the second coming of Christ, the rapture. Are you with us? So since the time of Christ, the character, the nature of Christians has been changing and developing into something totally different than what it started with. So we must be logical. The world is changing. The world has been changing in the last 2,000 years. The world was changing from after Christ. From after Christ to Christianity, it became political under Constantine of Rome. And he politicized Christianity. He joined church and state to make Christianity a political religion. That was not Christ teaching. &gt;&gt; Right? And then thereafter because they created this massive church uh universal church now every other church that is formed believes it's got to have a structure like that one. And that's the mistake. &gt;&gt; Once you have a hierarchy of men controlling the word of God it's already poisoned. &gt;&gt; Right? So because times are changing Christians do not look like the original Christians &gt;&gt; Christians today. So though when we look at that and we look at that broad base of that pyramid and it's moving upward, what are you seeing? You're seeing how it started with this massive amount and now it's dwindling out. And yet today you've got the most number of Christians in history. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; People affiliated to Christianity. Let's put it that way. Like on the on the African continent, we probably have the most number of Christians in the world. It's incredible, right? The whole African continent used to be uh filled with ancestral worship and what would we would call paganism. But today we have the most and the most number of message believers are Africans, &gt;&gt; right? There's so many in India. They're in China. They're in the the communist countries. They're they're everywhere. So, we've got this millions and millions of of Christian people and they're affiliated to Christianity, but according to the teaching, there are actually very few because it comes down to a narrow at the top. That means there's a whole bunch of people, but they don't actually fall into what real Christianity is. And that's right. You'll find it happens with every single church. Every individual church starts off will start off with a lot of people and eventually it starts narrowing down because the stronger the truth becomes the more people will leave or they'll form their own kind of Christianity. Are you with me? So though we seem to be progressing towards maturity and towards completion, it also seems that spiritually we're we're getting there. But naturally, we are digressing as humans. We're literally living a shorter lifespan. We're literally living more immoral, more unrighteous than the times where people had less. Right? This is a dangerous confession that we make when we say we are the bride of Christ and we are in the bride age and we are in the last days. It's a dangerous confession. Why is it dangerous? Because basically, if you're saying we're in the bride age, we are saying we're in the bride age. We're out of the seven church ages. What we're saying is we have reached we have received everything in its completeness. In other words, we have everything that is necessary to fulfill the prophecies. So what it actually means is we have all the potentials that it takes today to produce perfect man. We just have to understand what perfect man really is. Amen. So how can we be so sure? Right? The fullness of the word has come. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; We have the open book. &gt;&gt; Uh and u everything has been taught to us. &gt;&gt; We are at the end of all things. We have all the teaching required. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have the original sin, &gt;&gt; the true Godhead, the true baptism, predestination, adoption, the de the deity of Christ, the mystery of Christ revealed, the revelation of the seals, the revelation of the church ages, revelation of trumpets, the opened book of revelation. We have everything. There is nothing any man still has to come to teach us of the Bible. We literally have in terms of the word every single teaching required to attain what Christ has sent for us to do. There's nothing left. &gt;&gt; There's no future prophet prophesied of &gt;&gt; for us, the gentile church. It's done. &gt;&gt; From here on, it's only downhill. From according to the book of Revelations, from here on the Christian church will go into apostasy. &gt;&gt; They will go into lies. They will go into immorality. They will go into great tribulation. And they will lose their lives in a great tribulation. They will eventually join a one world system which is of an antichrist system against Christianity itself. That's what the book of revelation tells us will happen. And Christ will redeem those that remain truthful to the word. &gt;&gt; There is nothing left for anyone to teach us. It is done. So we just need if we have all the teaching that is necessary what we need for each individual is to receive the revelation of it all. &gt;&gt; Everyone needs to come to their individual full potential. That's all we're waiting for. Now it is firstly important to understand that the church spiritually has been built up to a stage where it can produce maturity. That's what we want to see. We want to see maturity in people. Are you with me? Amen. So, what is then the church? The church is like the womb of a woman that brings forth a child. What it's doing is it's birthing believers, birthing individuals that can become the stature of a of a perfect man. So, each one of us, we are the child that the church brings forth. Unfortunately, today you're not going to be walking around in the world and suddenly just have an epiphany and and just say, "Wow, you never heard of him before and you just suddenly say, "Wow, Christ, he is God. I need to follow him. I need to read the Bible." You know, you don't get that. It has to take the church to attract you to him, &gt;&gt; a believer to testify to you so that you can hear him. It will definitely take something from the church to bring you in. There's no other way. Right? So the church will bring your conception, your birth and help you move towards maturity. Are you with me? So in Paul's day, the church was the spiritual womb that produced Christians according to the word for their day, according to the maturity level of that time. In Ireneius's in Smyrna, in Pergamus, in all the ages, as you're going up on that pyramid diagram, each ministry produced Christians based on the word for their day, &gt;&gt; because that was the seed. The church at that time was the womb for the seed of that day, &gt;&gt; right? So, since then, the church has gone through growing development stages. And like I said, we could have a casual conversation. And it will take hours to explain to you church history. How did we eventually end up here like this in this format when it started off sitting on floors in dungy halls and catacombs under the Roman governments and and uh regimes? How did we end up here? Freedom of religion, freedom of speech, having our own cathedrals and temples and and and churches and air conditioning and wall-to-wall carpeting and and uh freedom to say anything we want to. How did we end up here when in the first church, Ananas and Safh lied before Peter and and were were struck dead because they lied to the Holy Spirit. Now you can have Christians lying from behind the pulpits and nothing happens. How did we end up here? There's been a growth &gt;&gt; right to maturity. So the developmental stages that have taken the church through it's taken us through many important battles, trials, victories from which we have learned and studied to become truly spiritual. Right? We are all sinners called to this perfection. Amen. Most of us spent the majority of our lives in sin. Like I just explained from the time you're born and then you start speaking lies and then you start learning from your friends and then you know you only really become conscious of God and decide to turn your life around at a at a more mature stage in life. Right? So no other age could have been what we are today because we had to have grown through all the stages, learned all the mistakes, been through all the troubles and trials, learned what it was to be a political movement, a lying movement, a manipulating movement for us to know we should not be that. We had to go through a lot of things, right? So in this present day, the true church is able to take us in and by the word of God for this day produce complete people &gt;&gt; and make you ready for the rapture. &gt;&gt; No other age could have done this. The church was never ready in any of the other ages to do this because they lacked the full maturity. Let's go to the invisible union of the bride of Christ. This a message preached 1965 25th November says like my body was built I'm told it started in the spine. So like a baby is being born it's being conceived in the mom's womb and uh it's now uh growing starts from the spine but it wasn't all spine. It went from that to ribs to lungs to hands to arms and feet and so forth. And you come out on out to be the person that I am. And so was God manifested in the beginning. And finally, he was appeared as Jehovah, God the Father. Then he appeared as God the Son in Jesus Christ. Now he's appeared as God the Holy Ghost. The same God all the time. Three manifestations of the same God. Now we find in this that each generation God has loted his word from the beginning. You see it each generation there's a revelation of the word a loted to that generation. &gt;&gt; So you couldn't give the revelation of the seven seals in Paul's day. &gt;&gt; You couldn't give the revelation of the thunders in Paul's day. You could you couldn't talk about the seven trumpets because none of that had even happened yet in Paul's day. So just like evolution came I'm reading just like first thing God created let's say he created boty life first then he created animal life then he created human life next kind of an evolution kind of an evolution rising higher notice when people see that and think oh what do you mean evolution you mean he's saying we started from monkeys no we believe there's an evolution right an evolving of life but so he's showing how there was bot life, animal life, human life, kind of an evolution rising higher. So, paragraph 70, here's what I want to get to. So, has it been in God and his church. So, use all that to tell us there's been an evolving of the church. There's been an evolving of man through the purpose of the church. So, what was the purpose of the church? Ages to bring the evolving of man from sinful man to complete man. So, you know, I when you think it's so easy to uh to label everybody as bad people, and we don't do that. Uh to me, sin is actually refined to being incomplete because if you were complete, you wouldn't do that. &gt;&gt; Get it? That that's what it was in the beginning. Adam lost something. So now he's incomplete. So obviously being incomplete, he's going to do everything upside down. If you took a person and gave him the fullness of the word from the time he was a child and a perfect environment and let him grow, he would use his free will influenced by the spirit of God. He'd have a far better chance of living righteous and doing something good with his life. &gt;&gt; Right? So really what's a problem with what sin is is incompleteness. Imperfection is incompleteness. So has it been in God and his church that's pulling his bride out? He's creating his bride. Justification under Luther, sanctification under Wesley and so forth. You see he the evolution of the spirit being given more and more causing the body is building cause the body is building coming to the head which is Christ the body of Christ. So that's that diagram that we saw. Amen. So God kind of built the church in a kind of evolution. And if I had to show you in every church in every age every step of those seven steps how different it was. And let's just speak about the first few. If you think of u the church in Jerusalem where it started under Paul and um under the disciples and and started in the Middle East, started in Israel. The church started with Jews. &gt;&gt; They were dressed like Jews. They spoke Hebrew, Aramaic. They spoke like Jews. Um they it started there. That means the civilization the first civilization of Christians were Jewish. &gt;&gt; Then it began to spread and then it goes to Rome and it goes to to Turkey. Uh it goes to the what was called Asia Minor where the first church of Ephesus was and Corinth of Rome and then when it reaches France and you got Ireneius of of Leon right so you've got um u different men. Now look at the difference of the church in a different society. &gt;&gt; Now under Iranius they're not dressed like Jewish people. &gt;&gt; They're not even speaking the same language. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; They're been they've been speaking Latin they speak French. It moved to Spanish people. So the church in each stage evolving by the people that it is reaching now the the conditions or the trials that they had in Jerusalem are not the same as they had in France are not the same as they had in Germany under Luther or the same as they had in the UK under John Wesley or the same as they had in the United States. They're completely different trials, completely different people, different race groups, different languages. So, can you see how the church is constantly evolving? &gt;&gt; Right? They're absolutely different. I mean, in uh Jerusalem when they sang worship songs in churches, they were called halal. H E L E L. Halal is where the word hymn comes from. H Y M N. To sing a hymn. They take a scripture and they make it into song and they sing that in worship to God. Today we have English hymns based on khal's which were sung in Jerusalem. And now in America we've got this praise and worship mania. It's a completely completely different worship altogether. Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's go to Statue of a Perfect Man Pro 76. So by the fourth age, the church was Catholic. Roman Catholic. We're crying out loud. Lutheran in the fifth, Methodist in the sixth, and Pentecostal by the seventh. I mean, if that doesn't show you an evolution, I don't know what is. They're completely different churches. Paragraph 76. Now the Bible said here that Steven spoke of Solomon building a temple and the most high don't dwell in temples made with hands. For heaven's my throne and earth's my foottool and where is the place of my rest but a body has thou prepared me? Amen. There you are. A body has thou prepared me. So he then says God dwells in the stature of a man reflecting himself into that being. Saints let's get this. God dwells in the stature of a man. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Reflecting himself. Perfect worship. God in us being his tabernacle. God manifesting. Oh, how we would stay on that till you almost suffocate from the heat. He says, "So stature refers to the spiritual mental growth to maturity of the believer. &gt;&gt; Are you with us?" So spiritually it can be defined the statue of a perfect man can be defined as the development of a man or an individual from a sinful nature into a divine nature. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now do you know how many religions believe in a divine nature? Everyone. Everyone believes that man can be divine. Every religion on earth believes man can be divine. And they believe man can be divine by God coming upon him. Right? This is the only truth that tells you man was originally divine &gt;&gt; in his own nature. &gt;&gt; That's what we want to see, right? You're not just divine by God coming upon you. Man was created beginning &gt;&gt; being divine. What does that mean? Okay, so let's go to second Peter 1 and we'll take verse three and we'll move on and progress in it. Are you with me? So second Peter 1 from verse three. This is where the teaching on statue of a perfect man comes from. So it starts by saying according as and I I've underlined the important phrases we're going to get to according as his divine power. Divine power refers to the Holy Ghost which he gives us freely through our faith in Christ. Okay? According as his divine power, the Holy Ghost hath given to us all things. What is all things? All things refers to everything we needed to see. Attributes, the word, manifestations, miracles. The Holy Ghost gave all things to us. all things that we were not worthy to receive because we were living in sin. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, we have no excuse to say that we don't know how to behave godly or perfectly. We've got no excuse today to say we haven't heard the word of God. We've got no more ignorance because all the ignorance has been removed by the truth that has been sent. He has revealed to us every biblical, historical, and worldly example. You have, we literally are a generation that cannot use ignorance as an excuse. We know everything &gt;&gt; he has revealed to us. If you were before Christ, you you could you could say, "Well, I don't know what it really means to be a godly man." But there's no more ignorance after Christ. There's no more ignorance after the church ages. There's no more ignorance after the prophet of this last day. There's no more ignorance after the Bible has been mass- prodduced, printed, and given around the world. In every hotel room, there's a Bible in there. Okay? He has given unto us all things. All things, not just all things, because there's a lot of things out there that's just corruption, but all things that pertain unto life and godliness, &gt;&gt; right? Life and godliness. Life speaks of daily living as a mortal being. That means the word actually tells you how to be a good husband, how to be a righteous man, how to be a good wife, how to be an obedient child. There isn't a single thing that isn't covered in the Bible as to how to be a good human. We literally are without uh excuse because it's covered everything. It's covered sexuality, &gt;&gt; parenting, &gt;&gt; adulthood, manhood, womanhood, sacred virtue. It's covered everything. &gt;&gt; There isn't a single thing that is outstanding for you to just read and be a good human without even having God, &gt;&gt; right? Life and godliness. So godliness refers to the ability to be holy, meaning the ability to be committed to the word of God. &gt;&gt; So he has given us everything that that puts us without ignorance to be a good human &gt;&gt; combined with being dedicated to the word of God. We have everything. We even have grace. grace meaning when we make a mistake we even have that ability afforded us to come back to apologize to say I'm sorry and to receive forgiveness he's even given us that &gt;&gt; right the two words life and godliness in a union if you put them together you have holy living so what then is holy living is living a life of a decent righteous human being committed to the purpose of the word of God. Holy means to be committed to the purpose of the word &gt;&gt; of God. Living a righteous life is just a good thing to do. So let me tell you there are so many good people in the world. Righteous people remember we spoke about this recently. Uh I spoke about in Durban. There are many, many people in the world who are righteous, but they're just righteous. They're not righteous and committed to God's word. They're righteous where it benefits them. Like for example, it benefits you to be a righteous person. Like if you if you read the words of Christ in the Gospels, it tells you make friends with those who are of mammon. In other words, don't be disrespectful to people who have a lot of money, mammon, business people. Why? Because in the times of your need, they're the ones who will help you. This is literally advice from Christ. It's common sense. It's logic. Don't go and protest against your government. They'll kill you. Respect your employers because they've they pay you and give you bread. That's not mysteries, spiritual mysteries. There's literally righteousness. There's so many people in the world who haven't read those words of Christ and abide by those principles. Why? Because it benefits them to be righteous. But to to be righteous and committed to God's word is godly living, life and godliness. You got it? Then it says through the knowledge of him. So how can you be how can you have all things uh pertaining unto life and godliness? Through the knowledge of him. What is the knowledge of him? Christ. All things are given through knowing him. Who is Christ? The mystery of God revealed. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's uh in the book of Colossians. So unto you it is given to know the kingdom of God, but unto them it is not given. In other words, so a lot of people will read the Bible. Bible will look like mysteries. Uh there'll be like parables and mysteries and things like that. They'll stumble at it. What is he talking about? What does this mean? You know, what's going on here? I don't understand. So to them, it'll always remain parables and mysteries. But to the elect, you'll break into that and find the secret. &gt;&gt; Find the truth hidden in there. Is that right? So if you know Christ, then you have what it takes to know all that pertains to life and godliness. Are we making your scriptures plain? Then it says uh the knowledge of him that hath called us, the word called us is elected chosen. Right? In other words, it it uh caught our attention. It sounds like one thing called us. But then called us to is something else. So you're not just your attention is caught by a call. It's not just that. It's not saying, "Hey, come. I'm calling you to be a Christian." No, he called us to something. &gt;&gt; That's different. This speaks of like breeding. Like in other words, uh you're bred, you're being bred for a purpose. You're being raised. You've been trained. You've been called to a purpose. Much like a racehorse. You know, raceh horses, you don't just walk around and see a horse in a field and say, "Hey, I'm going to make that a racehorse." No. That fell is not He's got a stubborn nature him. He's not going to race. He's not going to eat the food you want. He's not He's not going to listen to you. He's not going to let you put a saddle on him. He's not going to let you ride him. There's no way. You don't just walk around in a field and just go and take some some horse that was born between a horse and a and a donkey and say, "I want to make you a raceh horse." Doesn't work like that. A racehorse is born and bred for the task. &gt;&gt; He's got to be born of racing lineage. &gt;&gt; He's going to have that blood in him. He's got to have the genetics to want to move at full speed. He's going to grow up with a mother who was a racehorse, with a father who was a racehorse, who will teach him the the characteristics of being a racehorse &gt;&gt; as opposed to a donkey or a mule, right? Because you can sit on a mule and whip it and beat it and shout it and it's not going to move. It's not going to race. It's going to look at other horses running so fast and think, "Nah, I don't want to do that. There's no way I'm doing that." you know, wasting my strength to run from one point to another. What for? No, thank you. I want to eat some grass. You can dig your spurs into his side. He'll turn around and bite you. Completely different. You can't take the word of God and try to tame a nature like that. So called to means he's going to breed you to that. How do you breed someone? You give them the knowledge of him, &gt;&gt; the knowledge of life and godliness, the divine power to do so, which is the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; You cannot do this on your own. So this call we saw in predestination, we are not aware of the effects and the influence of the Holy Spirit in our life. Uh we only know that it is leading us somewhere. Like before you came to Christ, you didn't even know the Holy Spirit was leading you. You didn't even know you were being bred for a purpose. You were being called for a purpose. You didn't even know there were trials happening in your life already starting you off. You were totally unaware that it was happening. Only years later, you know, uh you find people come and they come to the front. They testify and they say, "Do you know what happened to me in my life? I only realize it now. What happened then?" Amen. So then it comes to glory and virtue. So you are being called to glory and virtue. Glory speaks of immortality, honor, respect, a heavenly state or condition. To be to be glorified means to to be made more than you actually are. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. And virtue speaks of moral excellence, purity, chastity. Which human can ever attain this on their own? No one. Unless you are given God's word, unless you are given his holy spirit, there's no way you can you can attain this. The Bible actually tells you that any man who says he has not sinned, let him be a liar. &gt;&gt; These two words, glory and virtue, when you put them together in union, speaks of heavenly virtue, beauty, splendor, not natural beauty. We're talking about the beauty of character. Amen. Let's go to verse four. 2 Peter 1:4 whereby whereby that means from what was in the verse before those all those attributes the word the manifestation um called unto glory and virtue whereby are given unto us given to us means it's freely given you didn't pay for it right it's a free gift us who is us the called ones Amen. &gt;&gt; Exceeding and great precious promises. That is what the gifts abilities of the church, gifts of the spirit, the five-fold ministry, revelation of prophecies that by these by what? By these exceeding great and precious promises, right? by the gifts, by the five-fold ministry, by the anointing of the church, by the word that is sent, by these. Here's what we're coming to. You might be partakers of the divine nature. &gt;&gt; There is our title, partakers of the divine nature. &gt;&gt; Right? So, what is partaker? Okay, literally flop it around. Flip it around. taking part in &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; or joining in or becoming a part of eating of something right so let's read stature of a perfect man u paragraph 40 41 42 43 44 are you still with me saints &gt;&gt; so he says I might say something here reason someone got me all wrong here not long ago I got a letter from ministerial association that said I believed there. We were soulmated. We must leave. So, let me explain to you the these are one of the travesties of Christian theology that just went horribly wrong. And I don't know why and how they got into the story. But to me, I think I know why. Cuz a guy's married to a woman and then he sees another pretty girl and then he makes a a theological reason, a Christian reason why he can leave this one and take another one. Right? That's what he's saying is happening. So what? Let let me explain. He says, "So the ministerial association that I believe said we were soulmated and we must leave our companions if we're not soulmated to them. To marry another one that we are soulmated to." Oh my. I said, I'm not guilty of a heresy like that. I've always been against that. I don't believe in that. And certainly not. I believe that God gives us a mate. That's true. That means God approves of your choice and then we become a part of each other. This is beautiful, right? So you are two completely different people from different families, different bloodlines, different natures, different homes, different cultures, whatever, different cities, wherever you come from. And then you become you meet one another, you become married and then you become a part of one another. How do you become a part of one another, right? By partaking of a singular purpose. &gt;&gt; And that's right. Before a man gets married, he should think these things over and study it. Paragraph 44. A young man asked me the other day, "You think I ought to get married, brother man, to such and such a girl?" I said, "How much do you think of her?" He said, "Oh my, I just love her." So, this is the only reason one should be married. I said, "Well, if you're not going to live without her, you better marry her then. But if you can live without her, you better not." So, here's the criterion. But if it's going to kill you, you better go ahead and get married. That means it's basically saying if you have this real hole inside that nobody else can fill but her or him then it's only right that you get married. Right? And so what I was trying to get, he said, what I was trying to get to him was that if you love her so much now, right now before you get married, everything's just fine and dandy. But after you get married, then the toils and trials of life come in. That's when you've got to be so in love that you understand one another. When you're disappointed in her, so or she's disappointed in you, you'll still understand one another. That's the way it is with Christ. So I read that not to talk about marriages. This is where we're heading to. He's using that to tell you that's the way it is with Christ. And this is the reason people fail. Leave the message, leave Christianity, leave God, become atheists. Why? Because you didn't get to know him. &gt;&gt; You went into this for what you can get out of it. &gt;&gt; And then when you don't get what you want, then you leave. So, we've got to be so in love with him, with God, till when we ask for something and he doesn't give it to us, it doesn't shake us a bit. &gt;&gt; See why? Now, watch this. The only way you can do that is to become partakers of his divine nature. There it is. There is no way you can ever then you'll understand the reason he can't give it to you partakers of his divine nature. What is this telling us? This is the the problem with people today because God doesn't give them healing for cancer or God doesn't give them the job that they want or because God doesn't give them whatever. They pray, they pray, they pray, they fast and pray and they do all kinds of things and God doesn't give it to them and they get deflated. Okay, I'm I'm done. I've been such a good person. Really? Have you really been that good to deserve everything? That's being a bit hypocritical right there. Most people Most people, I can't tell you how many times as a pastor, I get people coming and telling me, "I don't understand. Uh, you know, I did this right, I did that, right? I've been coming to church. I'm reading my Bible. I'm praying and uh I've asked God for this and he hasn't given it to me and you know and uh as a minister of the open book I'm standing there looking at this. I'm feeling sorry for you because I understand your condition. I understand the pain you're in. I understand the troubles you're going through. I'm going through troubles myself all the time. Everyone else is going through. But you are really making your troubles more important than your faith in God. And I'm listening to these excuses and I'm thinking you are right now judging God for not being what he says he is. And in that moment you are saying you are everything you say you are. That is what I call hypocritical because there is no human that can tell me that you are being everything faithful to God exactly the way you're supposed to be. If we every one of us go back and check our lives, we fail miserably. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It is a very immature for a person to come and and be so immature to say God hasn't given me this. Therefore, I'm leaving. Therefore, I'm forsaking him. I'm becoming an atheist. I don't want to believe anymore. For you to do that shows you never parttook of the divine nature in the first place. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So he had to put out the divine nature to the church for you to partake of it and wait for the divine nature to produce his soulmate in the end. One whom he died for. One who would die for him. someone who would not be able to live without him that it would kill me not to be without or or or to be without him to be without him would destroy me. I have no life outside of him. &gt;&gt; The entire experience of the church ages was a relationship of the Holy Ghost to man to educate fallen men to understand the divine nature. All right. So during this series, what we're what we're doing today is just the introduction, right? During this series, we are going to break down the divine nature, what it is. But I want to bring a specific point to you today. We are not talking about the divine nature of the immortal self-existing one who was before the world was the great fountain of life. What divine nature are we talking about? We are talking about the divine nature of man. &gt;&gt; Okay. All those natures, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, they are natures of man. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Why does God need godliness? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; How is godliness a nature of God? What God must be God must be like God. Patience. You really think patience is a virtue of God? God is eternal. Why does he need patience? There's no time in there. What patience must he have? These natures are divine natures of man, which tells you when man was first created, he was divine. He had a divine nature which he fell from. Why? Because man was originally in the image of God. He was made in the image of God. &gt;&gt; He had a divine nature to begin with and he lost the divine nature of man. So those seven virtues are the divine nature of man and the capstone is the divine nature of God coming down making the whole thing complete. &gt;&gt; If you if you think about it, we're going to get through this. Temperance is to control one's nature. &gt;&gt; Does God need temperance? Does the great fountain of life need to control his tongue? How he speaks? Is that a nature of him from before the world began? No. Only a man needs control. &gt;&gt; See, that's what we mean by we are first. Before you even partake of the fountain of life, you need to be partakers of the divine nature that was of man from before the fall. &gt;&gt; So the nature in something, what is the nature? What is the nature that is in a dog? Right? What is the nature in a cat? What is the nature in a bird? What does nature mean? The nature of something is its identification is its name. The nature of something is what it is. If you take the word dog, it means nothing. It's a word. Cow means nothing. I remember once telling you when the Americans uh met the the the natives of North America and we have this English word cow which most people if I tell you please explain to me what cow means you cannot tell me the word itself means nothing. It it actually means a femi a female bovine. Nobody uses the word bovine, right? And uh it is female. Um if we had to explain it, you would say a cow is an animal that grazes on grass. It has hoofs. It's covered in hair. It has a tail. It produces milk and it makes the moo sound. And it has a very horizontal back. It's got large ears, large eyes, a big square nose, and it's got uh horns sometimes. And there's this whole uh description you can give me. But tell me that whole description comes from the word cow. No, it doesn't. The word cow means nothing. It's a word. How do we teach ourselves it is cow? Because when we're in primary school, they show us the word c and they show you a picture. So in your mind, you learn by association. So you see the picture of the cow, you see the word of the cow, the word that says cow, and then you put them together in your brain. That's your brain. That's called education, right? Association. Nobody told you the meaning. So some of you come in primary school, you've never seen a cow in your life. If you just seen a picture and you see the word and you now say, "I know what is cow." You have no idea what cow is. You have no idea what cattle is until you actually seen them, touched them, been among them, got their smell, see what they do with their life. There is a nature about this creature which no singular name can define. And like I was saying, when the Americans met the uh the uh the the Red Indians, they um they found that the Red Indians have a word and the word means the animal with the big wet nose. That's way more descriptive than cow, right? You'll actually find if if you look in the African languages, the words that the Africans have for anything is far better than English. because it explains something about something. It actually identifies a particular aspect of its nature. We took the word dog and then added to it to mean, you know, he's like a dog. But the word itself doesn't tell you what dog is. You understand this? This is the point. There's so much more to what nature is. Nature is the actual name of something. Nature is the actual identity of a thing. &gt;&gt; Right? So when you talk about the divine nature, you're talking about the actual supernatural or rather spiritual name of man, the spiritual the godlike nature of man. Right now in the world, you are not seeing that in people. You are not seeing the godlike. And when people say he's a god, they're talking about a Hollywood star or Elon Musk or somebody who created some amazing thing. How is he a god? How are they gods? What do you mean by their god? Because you admire them. A man can shoot rockets into space but can't keep one marriage. Can't raise up children properly. Can't dress decently. can't speak decently. All these people, how are they gods? They can't even keep their own emotions under check. They can't even speak with temperance. They've got no patience. They can't survive without substances. How is that a god? It's not even godlike. Which means the whole idea of god to this modern world is completely messed up. And then we call Hollywood people stars, celebrities. Uh, you know, love to take those stars and bring them here to Africa and take them to a rural hut and ask them if they could survive. See what kind of god and stars they are. Hey, they'll be out of there in 1 hour. Hm. Because they've they've been served hand and foot for so long. They have their children taken care of by other people. Can you live? Can those stars live in a place where you've got no running water except in the river? There's no sanitation. There's nobody. You've got to literally go out and plant your own food. You to bring up your own cattle. Who's the star then? To me, those people in the rural areas are are much greater stars than those fellows out there driving Lamborghinis. That's a real star. Someone who when everything crashes will still survive. That's incredible. Humans, I tell you, what what looks like common sense today is disastrous. It's It's beyond me. Statue of a perfect man. Paragraph of 89. It's like a mule trying to manufacture wool, trying to be a sheep when he's a wolf or he's a mule. You see, he can't manufacture wool. This is such a simple example, but so true. He can't do it. Wool is a gift to a sheep, not to a mule. He might try to act like a sheep, but he's still a mule. I see. So, you say, "I can't eat like a sheep. I can't do this like a sheep. Oh, I can eat like a sheep. I can do this like a sheep." And no matter what you can do, you've got to be a sheep in order to have wool. In other words, you can make you can take a mule. You know what's a mule, right? A mule is a hybrid horse. A mule is a hybrid between a donkey and a horse, right? He's sterile. He can never produce procreate another mule. So you can keep him among sheep. He'll eat grass with the sheep. He'll live with the sheep. You can live in the same pen. You can give him the same water. So, same diet, uh, same everything, but he's never going to produce wool and he's never going to make the sound of a sheep because that cannot be manufactured. &gt;&gt; Right? 90. Let me stop here a minute. The sheep doesn't manufacture will. &gt;&gt; He has will. &gt;&gt; Because he's a sheep. A lot of people trying to say now what what's he talking about? You as a Christian, you don't you don't manufacture Christianity. &gt;&gt; As a man of God, you don't manufacture divine nature. &gt;&gt; You have it, &gt;&gt; right? You don't say, "I'm trying my best to be a Christian." You either are, you're not. &gt;&gt; Well, I try to get good. I'll try to do this. Don't manufacture nothing. You can't do it. A sheep doesn't isn't expected to manufacture wool. It bears wool. It it does because it's a sheep. And when you're a Christian, you just bear the fruit of the spirit. You don't manufacture it. You don't try to make it up. You just try make yourself something that you're not. You just become what you're supposed to be and then it takes care of itself. &gt;&gt; Have you heard people say, I'm still reading, well, I tell you, I joined a church. I really ought to quit this lying. You're trying to manufacture something again now. You can't do it. So there's no need of trying to know more than a mule can make himself wool. He can't do it. Or a vulture trying to eat with a dove. A vulture trying to be a dove. Could you imagine a buzzard out there saying, "Well, you know, I'm a dove." Put a few feathers on him. See, in other words, you can even dress people up like Christians. It doesn't make him Christian. He is just all out of shape. That's a man who professes to be something when he is not. See, you can't do it. So saints, this nature cannot be fabricated. &gt;&gt; It must be bred into you. You have to be a part of the process. You have to be a partaker of the divine nature. All right? So first 2 Peter 1:5-7. And besides this, giving all diligence. So here's your virtues. Here's those seven steps. Watch what it says. Add to your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness and to godliness brotherly kindness and to brotherly kindness charity. Notice it's a progression. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He's not saying add to faith charity. &gt;&gt; You're not going to get there. &gt;&gt; You have to add to faith virtue and to virtue knowledge. And notice he's now saying add to That means you've got to get the first step. You've got to be a partaker of that and then you add the next one, right? And when we get into the series, I'm going to show you how it actually works. It's so simple. So, uh, paragraph 18, uh, sorry, 2 Peter 1:8 verse 8-10. Now, this is what I love about it. Are you all still with me? &gt;&gt; Okay. It says, "For if these things, what things?" The virtues, right? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, and charity, love, the capstone, eight things. If these things be in you and abound, they shall make you that you shall be neither barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. So not just having a percentage of the attributes, but the fullness of it. Right? &gt;&gt; We need everything. What is barrenness and unfruitfulness? Not being able to be effective in the purpose of God. &gt;&gt; Right? A person that is not built up in these virtues, it says you are blind. What does blindness mean? You lack vision. &gt;&gt; It means you are unable to be ambitious for the gospel. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It says you cannot read the times and you you cannot see a far off. You cannot read the time that you're living in. This is why you have people in 2025 following a Catholic doctrine from the the dark ages. Lutheranism from Germany's time, from Martin Luther's time, sticking to orthodoxies from a previous time that cannot apply to today. You're blind. You cannot see a far off. You cannot even recognize the day you're in and what is necessary for today. Why? Why would that happen? Because you don't have these virtues. You're not partaking of the divine nature. Therefore, you cannot do it. Right? He cannot work together with people toward a common cause. To me, the next part is what is crucial. If ever there was a reason why people fall into a backsliden state and not know it, here it is. He says not knowing these virtues makes you lose the joy of your salvation. It says you have forgotten that you were purged from your old sins. Listen, you read again. He that lackth these things has forgotten that he has he was purged from his all all sins. That means if you came to Christ, you repented, you waterbaptized, you gave your life to Christ, and then you did not partake of the divine nature, you eventually reach a point in your life where you forget your salvation. Let's say you got to the fourth stage and stopped there. You reach a stage in your life where you backslide because you forgot who you were. You literally forgot that Christ died for your sin. You forgot the joy of your salvation. Why? Because you stop feeding on the divine nature. You stop partaking of the divine nature. Literally makes you reach a point where you forget you're purging from your sin. You lose the the treasure of having your sins forgiven. So knowing this saints, let us therefore be partakers of the divine nature. All right, let's bring this to a close. So these seven virtues plus one. I'm going to put it that way, right? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, and charity. Seven virtues in the pyramid plus one, which is the capstone. Are you with me? These eight virtues or attributes mentioned that we saw in the pyramid, each one of them is a mystery on its own &gt;&gt; that we need to have revealed. Then all eight. So for example, you can have faith which many people have faith but we need to show the difference between anybody else's faith and someone who's partaken of the original divine nature. Let's understand the reason we have godlike men in the world today creating massive things, building amazing things is because they are piggybacking of an original nature. This is the truth. All eight and the way they are placed according to the word is another mystery. So each one on its own is a mystery and the way it is placed is a mystery. Right? And they are the most sought after natures or character traits in the world. Every single one of those natures, every religion teaches it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It doesn't. And every religion teaches you to be good. Yes, &gt;&gt; there's very few religions that tell you, you know, to be a bad person. I think most of them don't, except for a few things like you can you can kill in the name of God or something like that or you could do this or that. But almost every single religion created by man that has scriptures tells you to be righteous, to be a good husband, be a good wife, to bring up children the right way, to be patient, to be enduring, to be self-sacrificial, to be humble. All those things are in there. They're all coveted attributes by all religions. Everybody knows. It's not those things are not a mystery. Everybody wants to believe they have faith or they have temperance or they are patient. All religions teach the same thing. They all teach no matter what their beliefs they uh that holy people ought to have all these eight things. Some of the religions have charity as number one and they they believe charity means giving to the poor. But you know uh in the word it says though I give to the poor and have no charity. I am is nothing. &gt;&gt; So they are right. All religions they are right. Only they have made up ways to get to them. They believe they are things we can do to get to them. You can do a certain amount of prayers to get to them. You can do a certain amount of meditation to get to them. You have to do a certain amount of work to attain something to attain patience. You have to uh dress up in a certain way. You have to live a certain lifestyle of abstinence to obtain something. And every single one of those things has proven to be disastrously wrong because eventually the more you can achieve something by your own strength, the more it tends to pride. You'll eventually come out and say, "Well, I meditated for so long today and I feel closer to God." Why are you telling me this? Cuz you're proud of yourself for having done that. You've already gotten to pride without realizing it. I've brought so many souls to Christ. Why are you telling us that? I I I've baptized so many people in my life. Why are you telling us that? That's not supposed to be something you brag about or even have to tell other people about. If you really had the divine nature, there's no reason to tell anyone. So all religions are right. They all tell you good things. Be good people. That's common sense. We even meet some people of the world who have some. You meet people who don't go to church who are of a different religion who are maybe even atheist and they are good people. They nicer than some of you. They're more forgiving. They give to the poor. They they give a whole lot more to the poor than you might. They might even have happier marriages than some of you. They argue less with their spouses. Right? Those who have them with measure are often respected for it. Right? You can you can meet a you know one of the the most judged people in the world are doctors, right? You ever go to a hospital and you go to and you from the time you're lying in that bed and they're busy poking and proddding you and talking to you, you're already judging them. So you come out of there, you'll say, "Hey, that doctor's a good doctor." Why? Oh, he's so patient. He's so kind. He's so gentle. You're actually telling you telling us all the virtues this man has, all the natures. He's so patient. You should go to him. Right? So the prophet calls these attributes virtues for a good reason. To fully understand these things, we need to first understand why God chose to call them virtues and why they are placed the way they are. Prophet desired to do a study but never really got into it. But I believe he left the hint for us. Let's go to Statue of Perfect Man, paragraph 345. See what I mean? See how these virtues? These building materials. What are these virtues? Building materials typed in with the church messengers. So the building materials brought in by the church messengers with the church ages. Let's go to u paragraph three on page 24. The next quote. Oh, sorry. Let's go back to the other one. The last paragraph there. So now one of these days we're going to take each one of these words and study them out and show what it proves. It all goes together. That's what I was saying. He desired to study it in depth but didn't do that. We can. We've got the time. Parag 3. Uh now that's the next quote. Now first you must have faith. Faith alone won't do it. Peter said add virtue to your faith. So you must have virtue in order to add it to your faith. This there's this that's why I said there's a mystery in how it is put together. How do you add virtue to your faith? Everyone says it add to your faith virtue. Add to your virtue knowledge. Add to your knowledge temperance and patience. But how do you add virtue to faith? Therein is a mystery. So it might be the reason you don't have it because many churches of today teach you you don't have to have it or the days of it is passed. They don't have to have it. One thing you have to do is just join the church. Yeah. Days are passed. Virtue. Anyone knows what the word virtue means. We must have it. If virtue went from him to heal the woman that was sick, he's expecting the same virtue in his church because he was our example, the stature of a perfect man. If he had a virtue to give to people, he expects us to have virtue to give to the people. What is virtue? Virtue is strength, power. Some of them don't even believe in power of God. That's passed. One only thing you have to do is put your name on the book. That means registered to a church, be sprinkled or poured or baptized or whatever. That's all you have to do. Okay. In the scriptures which was first written in in uh coined Greek at the time the word for virtue is dunamis. Dunamis means power, might or strength. So seven virtues means power or strengths. Seven strengths. &gt;&gt; Right? Obviously these are not the strengths of the body but of the spirit. The strengths are far superior to the strength of the body. So that's what I want to show you very quickly. We've often heard the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. &gt;&gt; It's in the Bible. It it can heal, mend, push the body beyond what you think your limit is. That's strengths of the spirit. It imagine a church with all these virtues or strengths in place. You would be invincible. You would be immeas you would have immeasurable strength &gt;&gt; right of character. So God felt it necessary that we have these seven strengths before we could receive the most important one. Glory to God. Look at the meaning. We understand that strengths are not here for a show. When you look at the meaning, they are there to make you do something. So you're not just receiving abilities or strengths or power just to walk around and say, "Look, I'm a Christian. This is my moral character. Look how good I am." You no, you you receive abilities and strength to do something with it. &gt;&gt; Got it? So when you speak about someone's strength, you are looking at their ability to do something. In the scripture, let's go very quickly. There are times when the word strength is used to mean virtue or ability. Acts 9:22, but Saul increased the more in strength and confounded the Jews which dwelt at Damascus, proving that this is the very Christ. &gt;&gt; What? He didn't get muscular strength. &gt;&gt; He had he increased in strength and confounded the Jews, proving that this was Christ &gt;&gt; in him. &gt;&gt; What strength was it that Paul had, right? his uh ability to see the word, the revelation of the word made him confound the Jews could not even argue against him. Remember, he was a Pharisee himself. They couldn't argue against him because his strength in the word, his ability, his power overcame them. How about Hebrews 11:11? Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed. What strength? She was barren. &gt;&gt; The strength her body and womb was strengthened, &gt;&gt; healed &gt;&gt; to produce a child. Romans 5:6. But when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly. That's literally telling us before Christ came, we were without strength. We without moral character. We were without virtue that was necessary. 2 Corinthians 12:9, he said, "My grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; His virtues, his abilities are made perfect when I show weakness. Really? So that is when I am when it says when I am at my weakest, when I cannot put on a show of natural ability is when the virtues of Christ are shown. Which is why when you see ma major Christian churches today, when you have a preacher who walks around shouting, screaming, and using charisma, he's using his own ability to convince people. When you show ability, the glory doesn't go to Christ. It goes to the man. &gt;&gt; This is the difference. When you show humility, that is perfect weakness. and in perfect weakness his strength is shown. So when a man does not behave more than he is and he remains humble and yet speaks the word of Christ the glory of the word will go to Christ and not the man. &gt;&gt; That is my strength is shown in perfect weakness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So as long as I am strong personally the glory goes to me. Making myself weak means submitting myself to his nature. Humility. Amen. Saints, do you understand what strengths are? We're going to get more into that when the time comes. So these building materials, let's read Revelations 3:8. These virtues, remember he said they are building materials. I'm almost done. We're closing. Every age had trials and tests and brought these virtues out of people. Now notice what he says to the church age of Philadelphia. Verse 8. I know thy works. Behold, I set before thee an open door. That's what Philadelphia means, an open door. And no man can shut it. For thou hast a little strength and has kept my word and has not denied my name. In that place, the word here for strength is dunamis again, which means the same as virtue. When he's the word little means a certain or particular virtue. &gt;&gt; Yes. He's not saying you have very little. He's saying you have a little virtue. It means you have a certain virtue, right? You have a particular virtue. Uh so it was in every age. Every age had a particular virtue, right? As the last age ended, a new one began. The first thing that happened is that God allowed the spirit of the enemy to come into the church that re that remained so that he could allow the people the experience. Remember at the end he says at the end of every age he says to him that overcomemeth &gt;&gt; which means there was a spirit that you needed to overcome. &gt;&gt; So there needed to be something that the virtue needed to act against. &gt;&gt; There needed to be something that the strength needed to be proven with. &gt;&gt; Right? So he allowed the enemy in so the church could experience the adversity so the virtue could find the victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. As so just when it seemed like all was lost in the in the age where the enemy spirit came in, messed it up, broke the church up, did bad things, then comes another messenger and God brings a new virtue in to overcome that one. Do you see it? So he would bring the word, the messenger would bring the word to the church. the church would receive the correct virtue for that age to overcome the invading spirit thus building up the church. So it was important however to bring out each virtue in those ages so that the maturity of the church would be at its fullness to receive the virtue of God himself which is divine love. Last quote as we close from the message blasphemous names page 40 paragraph 3. Then when we have these qualifications and become full of the virtues of God and the things of God, then the Holy Spirit comes down and seals us into the kingdom. Don't worry now. Everybody will know you got it. I love this. You won't have to say, "Well, glory to God. I know I got it. I spoke with tongues. Glory to God. I know I got it. I danced in the spirit once." You don't have to say a word about it. Everybody will know you got it. Don't you worry. It'll testify for itself. He'll let it be known among men. You don't have to brag about it. You don't have to shout about it. You don't have to go and testify about it. They will know in there, in that man, in that woman, in that brother, in that sister, in that child, in that teenager, in that old person, there lies the divine nature of God. It will speak for itself. You don't have to manufacture it. It will speak for itself. Why? If you've met with these qualific qualifications, you become full of the virtues of God and the things of God. The Holy Spirit seals it. Amen. Seals it. Puts a stamp of approval on it. Locks it all in. Makes it manifest itself. Amen. &gt;&gt; So saints, when you have the virtue, the strength, the power for your age, look at the the virtue that's required for our age is is divine love itself. The capstone that's that's the last thing. That's where we are right now. &gt;&gt; Amen. That strength. Do we even understand? We we have people in the message who are going to argue about the seventh seal being opened, whether the capstone has come down yet or not. What is the virtue of your age? What are you overcoming in this age? What is the virtue required to overcome? If you just look around you at the condition of churches, the condition of the message churches and ask yourself, what is it you are supposed to be overcoming? What virtue is supposed to be on display right now? What does charity, what does the capstone actually mean? Why should we not be talking about this? Amen. Saints, the strength and ability that people gained from the messenger's word was unmistakable in every age. History recorded it. The people saw it. The enemy or the devil. Enemy Satan means adversary. Satan is not the name of the devil. Christians just made it. Satan is is a is a Chaldian word shan which means adversary or enemy. Devil is a liar. So your adversary is Satan. Most of your adversary comes from yourself. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Liar. Devil means liar in the Bible. False accuser. It's a it's a false it's something against the truth. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So people must be able to see what the adversary is, &gt;&gt; what the lie is. &gt;&gt; Then you can identify also what virtue it's going to take to combat that. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. So in conclusion, the seven virtues are seven strengths or abilities that man once possessed in the Garden of Eden. Man once had it, saints, and we had dominion over all things. And then we lost that in Eden. The woman fell in the absence of her capstone. The first thing that caused the fall was the absence of the capstone. So love was lost first. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That produced the adultery. So as a church, we are only safe and ready to completely destroy the enemy in the presence of our husband. We cannot defeat the enemy today if our husband is not here. &gt;&gt; If our capstone is not here. That's the whole purpose of being the bride in the capstone age is he is here and we have the answer to the devil's question as compared with Eve who did not. &gt;&gt; As a church we can only fulfill this if he is here. If that seventh seal is open, when he is present, then the virtue of God himself in us, divine agape love has descended upon all the divine nature of man that has been restored to us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Only this virtue will cause us to overcome in this last age. This last age is not even enough to have faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. That's why and that's not even the seven thunders. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not enough to have that. You've got to have charity. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; These are our seven steps to perfection. There are people in the message in closing who use quotes from the message to say that we are being restored back to the apostolic faith. I know that because the prophet said so going back to the apostolic and they see the apostolic faith as the fullness of it. They believe that the disciples of Acts chapter 2 had the fullness that they had all seven virtues that they had the fullness of the word because they had Christ with them and and then they had Acts chapter 2 the Holy Ghost came down and sealed them. Then why did they fall? Why did the church fall? They believe it was a perfect church, a perfect tree and then it was broken down by those four uh creatures or worms symbolically right of Joel uh the cankerworm, the palmer worm and so on the locust and they believe then it was restored through Luther Wesley and Pentecost. Now these are things the prophet taught and it sounds so good in theory but it's not true in reality. I believe they missed the underlying thing. Whenever you go and read the course where he says we are being restored back to the apostolic age, he was talking about his own ministry. They were not recognizing that he was talking about himself. Right? Um they failed to see that in every quote he was talking about his own ministry in faith signs and wonders sifting out false doctrines exposing lies was in his own time in the Pentecostal age bringing us back to the the full apostolic &gt;&gt; that still was lacking something. If that church in Paul's day and the disciples day was perfect and they had all the virtues, why could they not understand Paul? &gt;&gt; Why could they not receive Paul's message? Why did Peter say the things Paul's teaches are is very hard for us? We wrestle with it. Peter preached the virtues, it seems, and yet it's hard to understand. Paul. The simple answer to all of these is that the fullness of the Amorites &gt;&gt; had not yet come. &gt;&gt; In the first church age, all the false natures of man had not even yet been exposed. &gt;&gt; They had not even been through a white horse rider, red horse rider, pale horse, black horse. They hadn't been through that. So, how could they have the fullness when all that hadn't been exposed yet &gt;&gt; and then all the seals to be revealed? They could not have it. with what they had, they would not have been victorious. &gt;&gt; God had purposed this for the bride at the end. I mean, right there in the first age, they already started dividing. &gt;&gt; Peter and James, Paul and Barnabas, and they they basically separated, went off their different ways. The church already started with with u dividing. They they agreed on the baptism of the Holy Ghost and what a baptism God had in some things but they were not agreed on many other things. If they had the fullness, why were they not in agreement? Why were they not the perfect church? Having the signs, wonders, miracles, healings is not the perfect church. Amen. &gt;&gt; So God had purposed this for the bride at the end and we are living in that day that all the virtues must be complete and sealed in for the capstone to descend upon us. Praise be to God. Let's bow our heads together.
