################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - Q&A on Star of David, Studying the Message the Right Way and Born of Water and Spirit - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-31
Title:    Q&A on Star of David, Studying the Message the Right Way and Born of Water and Spirit
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 1h 23m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FhoL8LOcnY
========================================

Description:
Star of David, Studying the Message the Right Way and Born of Water and Spirit
27 August 2025

00:00 - Scripture reading

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. We like to greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Certainly good to be with you uh this evening and uh I know we're breaking away from the Genesis uh series, the book of Genesis series just for a little bit. Um and that's just because this week is going to be a little different and um we're um having a brother's meeting on Sunday and um just a few changes taking place and so I had these questions which I felt were necessary and um probably good to do on a Wednesday night and we appreciate uh the questions. I've loved questions from the beginning of our ministry and uh we've had questions, our Wednesday night services for many years um up to before co and uh we really enjoy the fellowship that comes from it. So this evening I want to get right into it because I'm hoping it's not going to be too lengthy because it's a Wednesday night. So uh let's go to the question. We're going to share it with you and begin to read the question. Um, amen. Okay. So, question one is on the star of David. So, I'm just going to increase that my screen. Uh, so let's just read the question first. In your series teaching on seed when you spoke about the four elements and the star of David, some people have been given the impression that you said that star of David was a pagan symbol and it may encourage people who are anti-Israel. They also use the the things they read on the internet which make reference to the words of Steven in Acts 7:43 regarding the star of Rempan. Please can you clarify what you meant in the things you said? Also, what is your point of view regarding the statements of the prophet on the star of David? Also, especially the quotes below. Okay, so let's read the quotes. quot from the Easter Seal um preached in Phoenix 1965. Uh paragraph 257 like on Mount Transfiguration all the prophets and everything else is finished. All the days of the Lutheran, the Methodist, the Presbyterian, they're all right. But this is my beloved son. Hear ye him. The word of this hour, the hour of the seals, when all the mysteries back yonder that's been hid all these years, them is that great pyramid of time was stricken off the headstone. Make it hone down so that the star of David will settle into its place. So it's giving the uh sort of figure of the pyramid with the capstone struck off and then um the star of David settling into the place of that capstone and the great church of the living God will be raised like the wings of an eagle packed out yonder into glory. Yes. And then we look at the message ashamed paragon 7 uh also 65 he says but if anybody ever looked at what I call notes look like I want to preach about the morning star I'll draw a star and if I want to preach something about I make it all in symbols here scratches nobody can ever know what it was while I'm out I'm thinking of anything I got to on riding on the road sometimes the car is jumping up and down and I'll jot this down and say this and that. Make little signs, crosses and bridges and all kinds of things like I want to preach on the descending of the star. That's where we want to get to. I'll put the pyramid, draw it out here and put the fivepoint star of David coming down on it. I know where I'm going in the scriptures like that and Moses a certain thing he done just make like turkey tracks. So I think here he was just explaining like how he arrives at or makes notes for how he preaches and he's talking about how it's you know such a scroll and lines everywhere but in there he's he's talking about as if he wants to preach on the descending star and drawing a pyramid and so on. So that was just a quote telling us you know about his notes. All right. So basically the question is based on the series that I did in teaching on seed and when I preached on the four elements and um so you know basically what has happened is there's a question that has has come up and I must say it this way the brother who's asked me the question is probably one of the finest Christians you'll ever find and you know real wonderful spirit of God and uh So nothing uh negative here just purely concern for the children of God and you know to bring clarity to this. So this is what I love about fellowship and uh so um it's in that teaching on seed where I I put up diagrams and spoke about the star of David and of course you know maybe there are people who would misinterpret um what you say. So the question is, am I saying the star of David is a pagan symbol? Am I speaking against Israel? Um is there a scriptural reference to this? And is it Acts 7:43 where Steven speaks about the star of Reman? And um and then so the point is can I clarify what is said and also comment on the quotes because how can we speak against if it sounds like it we are speaking against the star of David. How can we speak against the star of David when the prophet speaks about the star of David descending upon the capstone uh to cap off the pyramid. Okay. So, um, first I want to say, uh, that YouTube is a very dangerous place and I don't like it. I don't like how it is handled, but I'm not the one that can give you solutions u for how it can be handled. Farbe, I think um, if I'm going to be 50 years old, I'm I'm way too old to have any ideas on how to handle social media already. um it's it's in the hand of mostly young people and uh you know people who handle social media they know what they do and um there's no way that I can have solutions on how to do this but there definitely is a culture that is being created around YouTube and uh one that we uh preachers or people who speak and are videoed we cannot manage and when you're behind the pulpit you know you're not thinking that you're on camera and um that's the one thing I hate about the camera is that you know being uh on camera knowing that you're going to be seen and heard uh you try to be careful extra careful so that you know uh you don't want to offend anybody but but a lot of times you have to follow what the Holy Spirit is telling you because you know offending people is not a problem saying what God wants you to say is what we need to do and telling the truth is what is necessary. So that being said, you know, we can uh being preachers, we can only do the best that we can and uh to bring forth the word and then trust God uh to do what he he knows best uh with the people. However, YouTube has become one of the mediums of the fourth dimension uh of communication um by which we were able to we are able to reach the world today and uh to put the truth out to them and we have no control. I mean, we can have some control if we have a channel and we, you know, from the the little that I know, you can if you want to just, you know, make it to your subscribers, I suppose, and whatever. But, um, we want the message to get out to the world, and it's part of the fourth dimension, just as the tapes were used in the 70s, 80s, and '90s. Uh unfortunately we try our best to be careful and say things in the best way we can but people will always misunderstand us based on their interpretations of what we are saying. And a lot of times, you know, when you're you're from a certain country and other people are from another country or you you're speaking and somebody else thinks in a different language, they listen to what you say and uh they interpret it from the way they're thinking and it may not be uh you know what you are saying. But you, we have, imagine all that peril, but we have to try and um uh trust that the Holy Spirit will reveal it to those whom God has called, knowing full well that there are going to be troublemakers who are just going to do their best to come against us no matter what we say. All right? So uh unfortunately that's how it is and uh every place you know every country every city has its own unique problems because of the history of the place and the society that you live in and uh like for example North America has a problem with intellectualism and liberalism. They can't help it. They're the most developed nation on the planet, the most developed continent on the planet and uh they're naturally going to push back at anything that any anybody says because they are far more educated than the rest of the world. So that is a problem that they have to face in that area. Europe as well, Europe is has a problem with intellectualism and orthodoxy like uh the Americas have shifted away from orthodoxy. They're the ones who who are be who are becoming a lot more liberal. But Europe is very much into orthodoxy. So everything has to be legalistic. Has to be this way. Has to be the original way it is set. The original way it was written. And you know with the result I mean you can if you go through Europe you're going to look at denominational churches and the majority of them are empty because the orthodoxy does not work to to uh grab the attention of the public. uh in Africa and Asia we have problems with superstition and culture uh and etc and and that gets in the way of revelation. It gets in the way of understanding the scriptures correctly and it leads to sensationalism and uh depending on signs and wonders and uh being afraid of of the fifth dimension and so on. So you know like the prophet says when he spoke in the church ages and he he uh spoke of each um city Ephesus, Smyrna and so on and he spoke about each city having its own spirit. Um that's very much like what it is in every city in every country. Each one has its own spirit. So that's what I'm saying. What I'm saying is no matter what we speak uh and if we're going to be out there on social media whichever platform people put us on uh and somebody is going to hear it from from the place they are coming from they are going to interpret it based on the place they are coming from and most of the time it's not at all what we are saying. So, in trying to get the message out to the world, you know, I'm very knowledgeable that we may cause a lot of problems for other churches and pastors in the message uh who may not see things exactly the way we do. There's a there's a contention, you know, that should we put our voices out there because we're going to cause trouble for other message pastors and uh and you know, and maybe we should be more careful, maybe we should not do it. And um I've spoken to ministers who are out there on YouTube and I've been someone who was very reluctant um you know we don't even put all our videos out on YouTube. So in trying to get this message out to the world no doubt you realize and from those that I have spoken to they they they realize you are going to cause some trouble. But we have to trust the Holy Spirit in each one of us. Uh that he will deal with each situation within within each church correctly. Uh because he knows all things and we can trust him. And then if it is the Holy Spirit in each of our churches, we'll be able to solve these issues. Um I mean look at what happened when everyone was listening to the tapes of only one man and how many different kinds of uh uh interpretations they were. So that being said, you know, coming to this question, I had to go back and listen to what I said because I'm thinking, how did it ever come? Like for the life of me, I don't understand how anyone could have misinterpreted what I said in when I preached on the teaching on seed regarding the star of David. Obviously I thought when I spoke that I was quite clear but but clearly from where it is listened to it it could be misinterpreted by other people. And I think sometimes what what happens is if people who use YouTube, you know, take a clip of a portion of a message and then send it around, uh it causes people who listen to it without the full context of the message uh in which it was spoken and then interpret it based on what they just hear in that clip. Now, I'm not saying that people should not make clips. Honestly, again, I don't have the best solution for social media. I respect all the people who do whatever they want to do and all I know is that it is part of the fourth dimension and God is going to inspire us to use it in some way to get this word across to the people. As for the few people that and I must say this, there are very few people who get offended with most statements that we make. There are hundreds of people that are not offended and are just blessed by the word. So that is something to take into consideration. There are always going to be the few who actually get offended or want to use an opportunity to fight back. There will be people that uh believe in only their doctrine and disagree with everybody else and will have to fight back or make comments or something like that. So this u particular question on this particular subject on the star of David is something that I have spoken about in our church you know many years ago and uh and I've spoken about when I say many years ago I would say before co and nobody in my church has ever gotten the impression that I am against the star of David or anti-Israel in any way and I'm I'm preaching for 25 years. So, I want to um explain to you uh uh what what exactly happened. So, what I'm going to do is just to answer the question and try to put this out there. I'm going to read my actual notes for you and explain uh what what what it is that I was speaking of. So if you remember in the teaching on the seed I was speaking about um um bringing the seed and typing it to the believer and show you how things work. The the subject was called how it all works. And we were we were speaking specifically about the four elements that is ground uh water, air and light. Right? And in that teaching on seed we were talking about those four elements. So the the thing about it is those four elements are common in almost every religion and belief and whether it's pagans, heathens from every corner of the globe. Um it is believed in, it is spoken of, it is written about there, there's folklore about it, there's there's scriptures of other religions written about it. Right? So my note starts with the four elements and this is what my notes say exactly. Um the four things that a seed needs to bring forth its life have always been worshiped by nations around the world among heathens and pagans. They believe that certain gods provided or supplied these four elements. Hinduism and Buddhism hinges on a lot a lot on these elements. Aristotle and other Greek philosophers believe that all matter was made up by these elements that they are the building blocks of nature. Scientists say that many of their discoveries were built on the philosophies of these men through modern science. I must remember the philosophies came first and science came later and that because these men spoke about these building blocks of nature before scientific experiments came to the great advancements they are today. The first scientific uh theories were based on teachings of Aristotle and Socrates and so on. uh the building blocks of of um before they got to atoms they were talking about earth, water, air and light or fire. And so uh continuing in my notes here, it says um and scientists that say that many of the discoveries were built on the philosophies of these men through modern science broken these four down to the elements on the per periodic table and atoms, earth, air, water, and fire or light. Believe it or not, later cultures were aware of something else they called ether, which they believed was space outside of Earth's atmosphere, almost like a fifth element. Uh, so much is credited to the Greek scientists and philosophers. And yet, the first chapter of the Bible tells of God setting earth, light, water, and air in order upon the earth. So, by that I was saying um the people who came up with this came up with it. some in the last few hundred years, some in a few thousand years ago. But when we look at Genesis from Genesis chapter 1 uh in the first few verses is it is God setting up the earth, the air, the firmament, the atmosphere, the water, the light begins with the light and he starts setting things up. There are these four elements that God is bringing and it's in the first chapter of the Bible, right? So that's what I was referring to. And then I said in fact um uh though these things are credited to scientists and philosophers this is the first chapter in the Bible and there are many this is where I speak about the star of David because there's so much of symbology about these four elements and uh I got here in fact there are many who suspect that because they have no knowledge of where the Jews got the star of David from that it might have originated from their own acknowledgement of the four elements. That means the Jews own acknowledgment of the four elements. So they what I'm saying is some people have suspected that right? So then I showed you and I'll share this with you this diagram of this where you can see the star of David uh how it is brought together and then you've got water which is the triangle facing downwards earth which is the triangle facing downwards with the line across it air triangle facing upward with the line across it and fire the triangle facing upward and so um that's what I showed you in the slides uh in that and then I've got later in Christianity there were philosophers who drew on these models of the past and came up with fantastic ideas to teach certain concepts which were quite inspiring and the issue they used the the different symbols which originated from paganism to teach this subject that's the issue but you can see for yourself how amazing it is so then what I did was I showed you how that the the Christian church took that star apart and because of the teachings uh of the Jews and then making it their own, the Christian church evolved that and this is what they came up with, right? Um they flipped it around. They've got father, son, holy spirit, a triangle with the point facing down, father, son on the left, holy spirit at the bottom. And that is God. That is God looking down. And then the next triangle they've got man, which is the triangle looking upwards. And man is made of body, spirit, and soul. As God is father, son, holy spirit. And then when you put those two together, you combine the two triangles, you get the star of David, which is father, son, holy spirit joined with body, spirit, soul of man. And that is God and man. Now, if you look at that, what you're actually looking at is the God man or the Messiah, right? The Star of David speaks of the Messiah. Now, I didn't make this up. I'm not even calling this a uh pagan thing. I'm actually telling you I'm actually admiring this. So, I don't know how it it got uh uh ever got misconstrued that I was calling it a pagan symbol, right? But what I'm what I was pointing to that in this very thing are symbols of the four elements. Right? So obviously the gentile the Christian gentiles believed in it because they believe that the worship of God is the mixture of Judaism and Christianity. One of the earliest symbols is the joining of the monora with the triangle base and the fish with the triangular tail which forms a six-sided star. So I'm I'm going to show that to you um uh in a little while. So these four elements are I've got in my notes here. These four elements are not to be seen as pagan beliefs. In other words, earth, water, air, and light or fire. Don't look at them and think they are pagan belief. Right? Don't shy away from them when it is spoken of uh by pagans and Catholics. Remember this is my point. God created these things. Pagans and Catholics used what God created to form their own beliefs, their own religions and uh in trying to understand different things about God. So we just we just don't have to make a big deal about it, right? I don't have to go put up symbols about earth, air, water, fire in my home or in our church and make a big deal about it. We don't have to do that, right? Uh why? Because these four elements don't have any powers, any specific powers. The symbols don't have any powers. So, they just don't. I don't believe that we should make a big deal about it. So, those that which I just read to you now was my actual notes. Um you know, uh and that I also sent out to the people. I forwarded my notes to the people uh after every service that I preach and um so it wasn't something that was hidden or anything. So if you listen to the context of the entire service which was about the actual uh title of the service was possessing the gates of the enemy and I spent the introduction speaking about the four elements earth, water, air and light. and I explain how these elements were respected by pagan people for thousands of years. So just so you know the official definition a lot of people just throw the word pagan out but a lot of people don't know what pagan actually refers to. So it it was derived probably by Judeo-Christian people. So Jews and Christians uh because uh Jews and Christians worship only one God u and Islam of course came later then they become they were called the Abrahamic religions but Judeo-Christian people worship one God while all the other religions are polytheistic meaning they worship many gods right so and a lot of these people worship the earth and the air and the light and the rain and the elements uh um around us and they make them deities and so on. So they were called pagans because they don't conform to the beliefs of Judeo-Christian values and Judeo-Christian uh theology if you would. So uh before religions became sophisticated right before books were written and theories were written and ideologies were written and before scriptures were written by pagan people um religion was very simple um with pagans and heathens was very simple. They just worshiped the earth because the earth brought forth crops. They worshiped the light because it gave warmth. They worshiped the rain because it gave water. They worshiped the wind because it cooled things down. Um, they worshiped it and and they even created idols believing that maybe a god, one of the gods of theirs produced those things, right? So, they would come to worship these four elements uh and maybe even symbolize them by a god or a goddess. So, what I'm saying is those pagans don't own the four elements. They were created by God, right? So, we shouldn't see these things as pagan. That was my point. Because these four elements were created by God. Pagans use God's creation to form their own beliefs. It doesn't belong to pagans. I don't care. They can call themselves Wiccans, witches, wizards, whatever. And they use tree bark and leaves and feathers and whatever. They can they can do whatever they want to. But God created those things. that doesn't mean I must be afraid of the things that they use or they speak about or talk about, right? It doesn't belong to them. That was my point. So my point in preaching about this and starting about it uh with the four elements and explaining it was to tell you don't come and tell me that we are preaching pagan beliefs. So uh when we talk about earth, water, air and light or fire, don't tell us, hey, brother Al, you're preaching pagan things, right? So when I spoke about the star of David, I was not saying that the Jews took it from the pagans. I clearly said this was suspected by people that this is where the Jews took it from because of their beliefs. Frankly, I don't even know why the Jews took it. It doesn't make any sense to me in terms of when you read the Torah and the Jewish books. Um maybe if it was a 12ointed star, it would make more sense, right? Because you'd think, well, 12 tribes of Israel. I mean, when you look at that star, there's a six-pointed star. Nothing about it pops out at you like it's from the Bible. It's from some scripture or type something. But the only thing you can think of if you look at six points, you think, well, six is the number of a man. That's about all and maybe us message people would have been more comfortable if it was like a sevenpoint star then you know it would be more attractive. What I'm saying is you kind of look at the star and think oh yes it means something uh you know concerning Israel. If it were not called the star of David and we saw it we would never even think this came from Israel. Right? So the Jews themselves are divided on the subject. There are many different sects of Judaism that differ on where things come from and how they were derived and what to be uh what is to be more important than something else. They are divided on the very thing. And um but the one thing they all agree on concerning the star is that it has great significance of expressing the union of God with Israel by an invisible expression and a visible expression. That's what that star represents. uh the pagans had the same star and and that's what you need to uh to to find out why this happened right so the Jewish explanation doesn't match the explanation of the pagans yet the pagans use the same symbol for similar expressions you know you'll be shocked um um even before I studied all this I for some I realize some people in the world don't know what race I am you You know when you travel out uh into the rest of the world you realize how ignorant some people are. Uh you know I say I'm from South Africa they don't realize I'm I'm from Indian origin. So my family are from Indian origin and my and their their religion was Hinduism. Okay. So if you go into Hinduism which dates back like 4,000 years right right back to the time when the Babylonians and the Sumerianss and Numidians and these this religion my ancestors religion has a six-point star which they call the same thing two triangles being meshed together and they call it the sacred male and the sacred female. This has existed for centuries right? Um, so if you if you go and tell the Hindus that this is a thing unique to Israel, they're going to laugh at you because they had it long before that, right? So you look at this say, well, brother Al, definitely but we don't have any knowledge that Israel traveled to India to the deepest parts where and here's the other thing. Even that sixpoint star that is in Hinduism does not uh did not originate in all of India where all the Indians all the Hindus believe in it. No, if you go to India, India though it has Hinduism, it has its own denominations and thousands of uh sects and beliefs and languages and so not all of them have it, right? But they have certain common things. So uh their explanation of the Hebrews regarding the star and the pagans uh um explanations are not the same yet the sign is exactly the same. So this doesn't shock me because uh and and I'm someone who I read a lot. I I don't I'm not someone who uh reads by Google. These are all books behind me. I prefer books because they're they're a lot more reliable than the internet for me. So, um, it doesn't shock me because, you know, when I read the histories of of the world, all the races, all the continents, all the cultures, all the traditions, when you go back like 4,000 years, do you realize that there were many people with many languages, but there wasn't a lot of uh uh books written in their languages In other words, um if you went to India and then you went to South America and then you went to Egypt and then you went to maybe Africa or somewhere, they had languages that they spoke in but they did not write it. There was no writing. There were very few people, few uh generations of people or rather cultures of people that actually wrote things down. And even if they did the majority of public did not write things. So however everywhere in the world your simple basic shapes of things were common. You had pyramids which are common in India, South America, Africa, everywhere around the triangle was a very common symbol. Why? I don't know. Uh, squares were very common. Circles were very common. I would assume if you looked up and you see the sun as a really primitive human, you you see the sun, you see its shape. You see the moon, you see its shape. It's a circle. And and the Bible says the language of the stars is spoken and heard in every part of the world. It's Psalm 19. There isn't a place on earth where their voice is not heard. So when they look up at the stars and they see shapes, they see geometric shapes, they, you know, it's a common thing. So what I'm saying is if there were shared language of symbols and squares and triangles and spirals. So it doesn't shock me because um the star of David, two people taking triangles from two different continents at the same time and not far from each other and put them together and think, huh, it looks great. you know, so they shared so much um in terms of symbology in those early years that now moving forward the Christians who came obviously after the Sumerians, the Greeks, the Romans, the Jews, here come the Christians into a world already filled with triangles, squares, pyramids, stars, spirals, anks, crosses, you name it. The Christians came in and these symbols were already available to them. So Christians of different kinds moving through Gentiles absorbed some of these symbols, right? And so we uh we we actually found in history there was a symbol called the messianic seal. And uh I showed this to our church you know many many years ago uh before co um when we studied some of these things and but I'll show it to you now again. Um here is the symbol called the messianic seal. Okay. Um this symbol as you can see uh you can divide it into three parts right. The top section there is the manora or the seven golden candlesticks and then the middle section looks like it is the star of David and the bottom section is a fish with its face facing downward. Right? So when you look at that you see three parts and yet according to the messianic uh um those who follow messianic Judaism it is actually two parts. If you look at it, it is the manora or the seven golden candlesticks with a triangular base and the fish with a triangular tail, right? And when they put them together, you get the star of David in the middle, right? So this this symbol was actually found on artifacts in Jerusalem and in other places and it is called the messianic seal. Right? the star of David formed by the the base of the candlesticks and the tail of the fish and they put together you see the star of David form, right? So these Messianic uh Judaism Christians claim that this symbol predates the Star of David and there are artifacts covered in Jerusalem that predate when the Jews first used the Star of David. That's what they claim to me. It doesn't matter who used it, who used what first. I don't care and we shouldn't care because we are not a society that depends on symbology. Right? So, so here's my stance on religious symbols. And and this is what I really want to want to say. I place no value in any symbols at all. And I have taught our church not to. And the reason in my uh ancestral Indian culture symbolism is a very big problem because it is directly linked to idolatry. If you have things in your home that you can place value on your Hindu relatives see that they believe it's your idol and you can't tell them any different. They'll tell you it's an idol. So I saw this myself growing up as a teenager and my Hindu grandmother would come to our home for a holiday and uh she would sit with us in our family altar and pray with us and I would see her walk up to a picture of Jesus in our home the the Hoffman's head. My dad had that in our living room and um my grandmother would go and bow her head before put our hands together like that and uh pray to Jesus and we would stand there shocked because we don't do that right and um so later what happened you know I grew up I became a pastor was pastoring Durban from the year 2001 and in the third year of my ministry in 2003 three uh a man walked off the street and came to my front door. He was a Hindu man and he was asking for some charity. And when I opened my door, he looked into my house and he saw a picture of the Hoffman's head. I had a small one somebody had given me. I put it up in my living room and and there he saw it on the on the wall and immediately he'll and of course you know when when somebody comes in and they're looking for charity they're begging you know they try to uh you know make some like common ground with you and try to be extra nice obviously they want you to give them some money or some food or something right so he sees the picture and he recognizes the picture and uh obviously he recognizes it not because it's just Jesus Christ, but the particular Hoffman's head picture, right? And he says to me, "Hey, I know you church guys. You're the guys who worship the eagles, right?" I said, "No, we don't." He said, "Yes, you do." He said, "I have neighbors who go to your church and they have the same pictures and they have eagles everywhere. They have the eagles on their cars, on their front door, on the gate, on the books, on the walls, in the gardens, and all over their church. They're just eagles. He said, "See, you guys have you guys worship idols, too." He says, "Help me out with some money, man, to feed my family, please." So, you know, needless to say, I was shocked because I know we don't worship eagles. I know we don't worship any idols but the fact is that when we put value or when we look like we put value on certain symbols it gives impressions to people impressions we are not aware of uh to other religions around us. So that day I took down the Hoffman's head out of my living room and put it elsewhere. Some of you might criticize me for that but you don't live in the area I live in. And to me, if I'm going to have people walking off the street and see this, I don't want them to think I'm an idol worshipper. And I want to have a different conversation with them. And I want to talk about the word because the word to me is and I'm definitely not an idol worship. And I don't look at pictures and whether it's a cloud or husband's head and look to it and pray. I do not do that. To me, God is a spirit and and he must be worshiped in spirit and in truth. That's my that's my inspiration. And uh as much as I love pictures and I love drawing, I could be like a minor artist, I draw pretty good, but I uh and I always had this uh feeling inside to you know because I my mind is creative and I I wanted to draw the four living creatures and because it always fascinated me Ezekiel's vision and Revelations 4 and I want and I started some years ago I started drawing this and I really wanted to put this thing together and I thought maybe I'll even do a a wooden carving of it. And the moment I started forming it, I realized I can't do this because if I'm preaching these as the anointings of the Holy Ghost and I'm going to draw a picture of it, I'm going to put a picture in people's mind and they're going to think that there's creatures like this literally living in heaven. And I don't want to do that. So I just stopped. So this is what I'm saying is the inspiration uh by which um I I preach today. So uh I I've also and and the thing is I've had so much experiences with people in the church. I've heard of all the paraphernalia that message people have and keep momentos of the prophet rocks that they've taken from Sabino Canyon pictures and artifacts and that have spiritual significance. And I've even heard and seen people believing that some of these things they have have supernatural powers in them. Till this day, I do not keep religious pictures or symbols in my house. In my study, I have things people give me. Like here behind me, I've got an eagle from my from my dad's uh study. I took it after he had passed away. I've got a little cross made of Lego um from made by my little boy. Told me he wants me to keep it there, you know. and uh things I pick up from, you know, people give me as gifts. I have them and I've got stuff all around me that I use for teaching, uh drawings and diagrams and things like that. So u that being said I would be coming back to the star of David and concerning Israel. I would be an absolute hypocrite as a Christian to speak against the star of David to call it a pagan symbol when the cross that Christians so rever is heavily tied to paganism. It was a pagan symbol long before it became a Christian symbol for message people. Do you know the Christians, the original Christians did not even take the cross as a symbol. It was Constantine who did it, right? Uh Peter and Paul and these men didn't walk around with crosses. That came up from Constantine, the Roman Catholics. So, but yet we have them all over our churches. And if we going to what I'm saying to you is I'm cautioning those who took what I said and think you can weaponize it against Israel. Don't be hypocrites, man. You know there's so many of of of Christian symbology that comes from paganism and you need to be aware of that. Uh my church knows that I have done extensive teachings using diagrams that include the pyramid and the capstone. Right? So if you look at message people do you know that pyramids are tied into paganism and other religious sects? I remember very early in my ministry, I was given a like a scrolled uh parchment by a brother who had showed me the teachings of a certain Christian sect that just use pyramids. And this was where they um they um uh accused the prophet of being part of this cult. Uh they call it the pyramid cult because he used the pyramid to teach the church ages and statue of a perfect man. Right? So because the pyramid is linked to paganism, does it mean we should not use it to teach? Does it mean we are paganis paganistic in our teaching? Does it mean we are a cult? Does it mean we are evil because we use a shape that was once used by pagans, right? Obviously not. So why do that to Israel? Why take advantage and try and go after Israel? I don't understand. That was not my intention. Uh do you know that um even the name Elohim was not a Hebrew name. It was a Elohim is a Canaanitish word which Abraham learned when he moved from the Chaldes to Canaan. Uh they were already using the language and Elohim is a plural meaning gods. The singular is Aloa or Aloy. Uh, and if if that name comes from paganism from from Canaanitiz languages, why do we use it? God didn't even give anybody that that name to use. It was used because like if you read in the Bible in the in in the Torah when it says it in the Hebrew, I am the Lord your God. You shall have no other gods beside me. It reads, I am Adoni, your Elohim. You shall have no other Elohim besides me. Elohim was not a word specifically only allocated to Yahweh or Jehovah. Elohim is a Canaanites word which means gods or judges, right? And yet, so why criticize the star of David? Why criticize everything else when so much of what we use uh is also in common with many paganistic things. So there needs to be wisdom people uh when dealing with these things. And there are other believers and Christians who are falling now into the trap to persecute Israel who get caught up in internet soothing and believe that you know everything they read in the internet. One of the things they claim is that the six-pointed star is a star of Renfan as spoken of by Steven in the book of acts. The truth is and I don't want to get into all the history of it but the truth is there's no evidence of that. Right? You can go and you'll watch YouTube stuff and read stuff from the internet. Please be careful. Uh, of course we know Stephen didn't make that up. Suck it out of his thumb or you know you out of thin air. Steven was quoting Amos 5 26. And if you go and read Amos 5:26, it doesn't say Reman. It says Kun C H I N, which is most probably the Greek god Saturn. And u maybe that's what it was referring to. Uh h how do we know that uh uh uh Steven was referring to the six-pointed star? There's no evidence of that. We don't know that. There's just people who hate Israel who try and do that. So just don't fall into the trap, people. Don't don't take the bait. Right? These things were made up hundreds of years later by people who just hate Israel and say, "You see here the Bible says it and Steven calls him out." Don't listen to that. Don't get caught up in this nonsense. It doesn't matter how people want to identify themselves or use symbols. It means nothing because the symbols themselves have no power. People give it power by making too much of something. So I hope you understand my stance on this in terms of the quotes that we me that were mentioned. The prophet talking about the pyramid and the star of David descending upon it where he wanted to preach a message called descending star. though to me those are the only two quotes there the um in 1965 where he mentions that he expresses wanting to uh speak on that and to me it's very simple like I showed you in in the diagram the star of David to me is Christ it's incredible it's the Messiah right it's it's a God and man joined and and obviously if you have humanity which is this pyramid and you knock the cap off the only thing that can perfect humanity is the Messiah, the star of David, the word made flesh. That's what I see when I look at it. Obviously, you're not thinking of a literal star of David u descending upon a literal pyramid. That's just symbology, right? So, I believe that the prophet was meaning that the star of David is actually the Messiah. It is Christ. It is the the the God man, the Messiah. In terms of revelation, it means the pyramid representing the gentile church which can only be perfected, completed or kept by the revelation of Christ which is God becoming man and man becoming God. That is the revelation and the mystery of God through Christ. That's what I believe. I do not set value on symbols or talismans. It it is against our faith and it is against the faith of the open book. That is not who we are. Amen. I trust that you understand that. Okay. So, question two. Uh question two is a very uh interesting question and I I don't know if I should take too much of time on it, but it is how do we study the message and the Bible to understand it the way it should be? So, I actually tweaked this question a little bit to to make it sound a little easier to understand, but it was like more a case of like how do we study the message in the Bible to uh to understand things the right way the seventh seal should be interpreted or the open book should be interpreted and and it was more along those lines. So I I want to make this as simple as possible. Okay? I cannot tell you um um in what direction to study. Uh but I I I've always come back to this and I and I've been telling uh especially the young people, new people in these times, start with the rock of your day. I've been saying this regularly. You must have a rock. Rock means an anchor. You must have an anchor. You must know what the foundation of your faith is for your day. And and here's a surprising thing. When I speak to message people and and young people, they don't know what their foundation is. And a lot of them, if you ask them what their foundation is, they'll give you some theological answer or some Christian answer like our rock is Christ. Wonderful. What does that mean? you know what is your foundation for your day and and the foundation what is a foundation is a foundation is something you build on so what is it that you are building on right and um so what I what I say to you is don't study the Bible and the message to figure out what it means that's the wrong way because then you're going to you're going to go into interpretation and so the right thing to to have happen is that the Holy Ghost, the person of the Holy Spirit for your day must reveal to you what your foundation is. When you receive the Holy Ghost, the person of Christ must reveal to you what your foundation is. You must know what is your rock. Right? So very quickly, what is the foundation of the message today? Why are we in this message? What is this message about? If if our rock is Christ and that's it, why are we not in a Pentecostal church? Because they believe Christ died, shed his blood for our sins, rose again, giving us the hope of a resurrection, and promised us he will return uh in his second coming to take us away to heaven. That's the foundation of the faith of all Christians. What is your foundation as the message, right? Our foundation is that man was created to be God on this earth from Genesis chapter 1 and Genesis chapter 2. Man sinned by taking his own will and lost that inheritance. So that's where our foundation begins, right? And our foundation is that in this day, the message of the hour is Christ being revealed to us to restore back to us what Adam lost in the beginning. So restoring to us what Adam lost in the beginning is a lot different to just a Pentecostal message of Christ dying and the hope of the resurrection. The hope of the resurrection is a stepping stone to what our foundation is today. Every single age had its foundation, had something that it had to build on. You have a foundation. So a lot of people in the message think, well, our foundation is the prophet of the hour. Malachi 45 and 6. He was only the appearing. He was only the the forerunner, the appearing of the Lord. He was introducing the coming. So what is the foundation? What is it that we as people of the open book believe today? So this is what I'm telling you. Do you believe that you are supposed to be the word made flesh in this day? Do you have the faith to believe that you have been chosen to be Christ manifested in flesh called the bride in this last day? If that is your foundation, what is it about the word in this day that brings that to pass? And how do you build up on that? So you you can't have that as your foundation and say the seventh seal is not open and you're still waiting for Christ to come in his corporal body to bring that to pass. You got to just be stuck in cood and keeping standards of the message, waiting for something to happen. You're not building on your foundation. So what I'm saying to you is when you read the seven seals, when you read the church ages and you have your anchor, your rock that you are building on is I am supposed to be the bride of Christ. The mystery of God revealed, made flesh in this day. The seventh seal has opened to bring God down to me. I am supposed to be heaven and earth embracing. The coming of the Lord has to do with me taking the book, eating the book and becoming Christ. That is the mystery under the seventh seal. That's going to be your rock. So when you when that is your rock and you go and read the seventh seal, you are not going to place the coming of the Lord in the future. You are not going to place 1 Thessalonians 4 and shout voice trump all in the future. You're not going to place seven thunders in the future. Immediately if your rock is that you are supposed to be Christ made flesh and that's the restoration bringing back what Adam lost then when you read the quotes you are going to see yourself in there so you have to have an anchor first you have to have a rock first and then you start to see things that will back that up and the Holy Spirit has to reveal that to you right so you can't just take the message and and look at it like a text and say let's go study this thing and see what it comes comes out with, let's take the thing as a theory and and and and make up some idea or prove from what he says. You're basically trying to get into the mind of the prophet, trying to deduce what he meant intellectually or by reasoning, uh, by tying this up with that and this with that and 65 with with 57 and 60 with 63. You're going to go around in circles and you're going to form theories. You cannot do that. You cannot study that way as a minister. You cannot study that way. You have to have a rock. You have to be able to build on that rock as a man of the house, as a a husband of a family. You have to have a rock. You have to know what because you cannot have a purpose without a foundation. You you you can't drift. You can't drift waiting for something to catch you and then and then tell you, well, this is what I'm supposed to be or this is what it is. You personally have to meet God and find that rock. You have to believe in it. You I think there's an there's an actual quote where brother says, "If you don't receive the Holy Ghost and you're not born again, you're taking somebody else's word for it." That's a quote. You're taking somebody else's word for it. You have to meet him yourself and see it for yourself. So my advice to you, how do we study the message in the Bible? Have a rock first. You must have an experience with God. You must see the message for what it's come come to. You must have looked at the the message of the appearing where the prophet came in and preached through the first and second pools and taught us the church ages and water baptism, serpent seed. All that predestination, all of that should have led you up to the point where you are seeing Lord does this mean you have called me to be your bride to be married to this word to become you and you become me. Does this mean you have called me to be the fulfillment of John 14:20 that in that day you shall know I am in the father, I in you, you in me and we are one. Is this that day? You must come to the understanding that you have been baptized with water, baptized with the Holy Ghost, given the word, given the open book so that you can bring this to pass. You have to know that. You cannot study this message just like some theory. You have to know that and believe that so that when you believe that with all your heart, you study the message, you will see yourself in there. You will not see what other people are trying to see by trying to study it and figure things out. You are going I know this because no you know this is my personal experience as well but every brother I know who has seen the open book. Whoever sends me quotes it pops out at them. Look at this brother L. Look at what this says. Look at what this this is it. This is the seventh seal. This is the opening of the word. This is me. Listen, they can't help seeing it. They can't help. The Holy Ghost is putting things together for them because they have a rock. And you have to have that rock. You can be a young person, old person. Doesn't matter who you are, where you're from. If you have that rock, he's going to reveal it to you. He's going to lead you to the right things you need for the season of your life. Amen. I trust that's quite clear to you. So, I want to get to question three. I love question three. I was speaking to a young person last week and uh this question came up. What does it mean to be born of water and of spirit? Obviously, this question is inspired by the series we've been doing on the Holy Ghost and the question and answers and it's leading us to more beautiful questions. So, uh what does it mean to be born of water and of spirit? So I want to begin by reading this um scripture from where it hails. Uh John 3:3-5. And all of you know this. This is where Nicodemus comes to speak to Christ. Nicodemus came by night. Right? Jesus answered and said unto him, that is to Nicodemus, verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. All right. Beautiful. You cannot see the kingdom of God. That means you cannot understand the mysteries of God revealed unless you are born again. Okay, so watch that statement. Now verse four, Nicodemus said unto him, how can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter the second time into his mother's womb and be born? So Nicodemus seems to like what we were speaking about on Sunday, like a reset, right? To be born again. He's saying, "You mean how do I get a second chance? How do I go back and not repeat the old mistakes and uh you know uh come back again as a baby and and redo this and do this right the second time?" And Jesus answered, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God." So you take verse 5 and verse three and superimpose them. To be born again is to be born of water and of spirit. To see the mysteries of God is to enter the kingdom of God. Right? So there are those two superimposed. So when you read that verse verse five where he says except a man be born of water and of the spirit he cannot enter the kingdom of God. This is the one of the reasons why the prophet said if you don't get the eastern view of the Bible you're not going to understand us properly. In fact he says when you get the eastern view of the Bible the Bible becomes a new book to you. right now. We would never understand there there isn't a single Gentile who would understand what it means to be born of water and of spirit because it's not a gentile thing. There may there may have been some similarities later, but this was very much a Hebrew thing. We would never have understood this had we not had the Hebrews to look to. Firstly, when Christ was speaking to Nicodemus, who was a a Pharisee, a a Hebrew priest, telling him about the new birth or what it means to be born again. And Nicodemus questions that. And Christ explains that to be born again, you don't have to go back into your mother's womb. You just have to be born of water and of spirit. And Nicodemus understood what being born of water means because if you continue reading, he doesn't question him about being born of water. Nicodemus seems to understand that. He just later on he says, "How can these things be?" And so this was the first time Nicodemus was hearing being born of the spirit, right? And u he understood what what being born of water meant. He he understood that to mean to mean baptism of water but he didn't understand what baptism of spirit means obviously because the holy ghost had not yet come. So baptism that's where we start right baptism was instituted in Levitical law and over time became a Jewish tradition. So, you know, I could be speaking this year and there'll be people who say, "Brother Alistister, you know, come on. We we're we're seasoned saints. You know, uh we we're seasoned children of God. We don't need to be talking about baptism again." This is the amazing part to me is that you can be baptized. You can even have the Holy Ghost. But you know, uh you you can't a lot of people just coasting through life do not appreciate the experience or even understand. A lot of people today and the prophet said to us, they don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They don't know why. A lot of people struggle to receive it. A lot of them people think they have it and don't have it. Right? So, a lot of people just get baptized in a church because they believe that's what they must do. A lot of people get baptized because they feel like the rapture is going to take place and they better be baptized because if they're not baptized, they won't make it in. A lot of people believe they must get baptized to receive the Holy Ghost. If they don't receive the Holy Ghost or they don't get baptized, they won't receive the Holy Ghost. Uh, and of course, we know in scripture, people receive the Holy Ghost without even being waterbaptized. So um people and and I see even in the newer generations especially do not know about it and don't appreciate it the depth and the the value of it. Right? So the Lord Jesus began to teach that from the earliest in his ministry. In fact, John the Baptist uh was the one who began by saying that he is going to come or I baptize you with water and but when he comes, he's going to baptize you with zeal uh and with fire, right? Uh but I want to read you can you can read about it in the Gospels, but I want to read Acts chapter 1 verse 5 uh for you. And um here this was Peter uh speaking about saying for John truly baptized with water but you but um you shall be baptiz oh sorry this is Christ speaking for John truly baptized with water but you shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. So watch this. John baptized with water but you shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost. In other words, I will baptize you with the Holy Ghost. Right? Okay. So the question first question is what is baptized? Okay, what is the meaning of baptism? Baptism means to be like immersed in something like plunged into something and that's doing something. It's like being anointed in some way, right? So let's answer the question. Being born of water is being baptized with water. In other words, the new birth has two parts to it. The new birth has water baptism and baptism of spirit. It's going to take that that's going to be two components of the new birth, right? And it starts with water baptism. And water baptism is a an outward expression of being born of water. What is water baptism about? What is the significance? It is about repentance and physical outward experience. Okay. What does it signify? Water baptism signified separating yourself from sin. You making a decision to separate yourself from sin. It it represents repentance which means a change of mind and it represents consecration right to something. In other words, being set apart from the world and being set apart for something else. It speaks of leaving a previous life path to begin a new life path. It also speaks of being inducted into a body of ministry. Now, where do we see this first? And that's what I'm going to show you. I'm going to make this very simple so you can understand this by the Levitical Lord. So we first see this in Exodus 29 and verse4. And Aaron his sons, thou Moses shall bring unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation and shall wash them with water. Okay. So in the formation of the priesthood, the high priest and all the priests that is Aaron and his sons, right? What had to happen was they once they're dressed in linen, Moses has to bring them to the door of the tabernacle and wash them with the water from the brazen labor, the brass labor. He has to wash them. The prophet has to wash the high priest and the priesthood, right? So washing by the prophet, what does this signify? This is baptism. What does this signify? It signifies that the word of the prophet brings true repentance and an exodus from an old life and uh to an old life and old works to a new life and new works. Right? So in other words, Aaron and his sons being baptized by the prophet is showing a connection to the word of the prophet. That's what baptism is. You don't just come and be baptized because you feel well the church does it. I I am doing that. No, you are showing a connection to the word of the prophet. You are you you are doing some kind of water baptism tradition but what its significance is you are showing a connection between you and the word of the prophet. Okay this connected Aaron and uh his sons to the word of the prophet when po because they didn't know God except through what Moses told them. So when Paul spoke to the people, he asked them, "Unto what then were you baptized, right? He wasn't talking about the water." Okay, let's let's just read this and I can explain this. So beautiful. Acts 19 2-4. And Paul's he said unto them, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" And they said unto him, "We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost." So, so in other words, did you receive the Holy Ghost since you believe and there we don't even know what the Holy Ghost is, right? If someone tells you that uh we haven't received the Holy Ghost, what's your next question, right? Paul goes straight to this. Unto what then were you baptized? In other words, what water baptism did you have? In other words, he's saying, "You have not received the Holy Ghost because of what you were baptized." Because of what you were baptized unto, right? And they said, "Unto John's baptism." So, I want to point out what is wrong with John's baptism. Christ was baptized by John. Many other people were baptized by John. He's not saying John's baptism was a wrong baptism. It was this exactly the same action. Paul was going to baptize these people. You're going to take them the same way, put them under the water, probably the Jordan River, probably the same water John the Baptist did in same action, not dipping them in three times or sprinkling them. Probably the exactly the same thing. And now they're going to come out and receive the Holy Ghost. Why? Why? Because it's not about the water. It's about the word they were being connected with. They were going to receive the Holy Ghost based on the word they were connected to. Right? So then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people that they should believe on him which should come after him that is on Jesus Christ. And next the next verse says when they heard this they were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and they received the Holy Ghost. So what was Paul's questioning? What then were you baptized unto? And they said John's baptism. They identified their water baptism by the prophet John. Do you get it? John's ministry was about introducing the Messiah. Paul's ministry was about revealing the Messiah. So they would receive the Holy Ghost for their day based on the word for their day. So they were first baptized unto John's baptism. Now they were going to be baptized unto Paul's baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. John baptized unto u repentance in the name of Jehovah. repentance of sins in recognizing, in other words, he was telling them, he was preaching the word, repent now, be baptized, set aside yourself from the sin of the world, make your lives right because the Messiah is about to come and you are going to receive the Messiah. Paul's message was the Messiah has come and has and has died and rose again and uh we are going to receive that the Holy Ghost what he has promised and that is the word of this day and you need to be baptized according to the word of this day right so they now had to be baptized according to Paul's baptism in the name of Jesus Christ so when they got the full revelation of what Paul preached they received the Holy Ghost nothing wrong with John's baptism. It's just not the word for their day. So, a lot of people in the message are baptized unto God sent a prophet and the first two pulls and they don't see the opening of the seventh seal. Do you get it? Why have you not received the Holy Ghost? Why have you not received the open books since you believed? That's the question today. Why? because you are you were baptized unto God sent a prophet and the first two pulls. Today is another day. You have to be baptized unto the third pull. Now stop. Don't misinterpret what I'm saying. I'm not saying today you must be rebaptized. If you were baptized 30 years ago on the message, you must now come and be rebaptized. No. This is about an individual spiritual experience. What I'm trying to say to you is people today are not receiving the Holy Ghost because in their minds they are connected to a word of God sent the prophet and the first two polls signs and wonders the miracles of the prophet the um the testimonies of the prophet the um uh water baptism godhead so and seed and so on coods keep the ABCs that's it that's the word they are baptized unto That is the word they are connected to. They are refusing to be connected to the revelation of the seventh seal. They are and and that is why you are not going to succeed. You are not going to receive the gift of the Holy Ghost for you today that's required for the purpose of this day. You are just going to remain a message church member who's most likely going to denominate around God and a prophet. That's what's going to happen, right? You have to be baptized. You have to be connected to the word for this day. It will directly connect you with the word. So you must first truly for you to be able to do this saints to be connected to the word of the third Paul you must be willing to repent of old ideas, old traditions, old doctrines. You must be willing to make a change. Amen. That is being born of water. Repentance. All right, let's go to being born of the spirit. Now, what is born of the spirit and where do we find that in the Old Testament? Once again, it's with Aaron, right? So, let's go to Exodus 29, uh, verse 19 to 21. We're almost closing. Exodus 29:21. And thou shalt take the other ram, and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram. Then you shall kill the ram, take off his blood, put it upon the tip of the right ear of Aaron, the right uh and the right ear of his sons, and upon the thumb of their right hand, and upon the great toe of their right foot. In other words, their entire body touched with the blood of the sacrifice. And then you take the that same blood and sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about. Notice not around the whole tabernacle, around the altar. Uh verse 21. And thou shalt take of the blood that is upon the altar and of the anointing oil, the blood mixed with the oil, and sprinkle it upon Aaron and upon his garments and upon his sons and upon the garments of his sons with him. And he shall be hallowed that is made holy or consecrated and his garments and his sons and his sons garments with him. Oh, this is beautiful. Right? So what is this? This is born of spirit. This is anointing of blood and oil. So they were washed by the prophet with water. That's water baptism. Now they are anointed by blood and oil. What is that? The one connects you to the word of the prophet. This connects you to the sacrifice and the tabernacle. The priesthood is connected to the altar of sacrifice and the sacrifice and the tabernacle. What is this? This is connection to the purpose of God and connection to God himself. Okay. How so? The blood symbolized connecting them to the sacrificial altar and the sacrifice itself that is in the outer court. The oil in the blood connected them to the inner court and the most holy place. The oil connected them to the service of the people and to God. Without that oil which which was in the holy place without that they could not be connected to the candlesticks. They could not be connected to the most holy place. They could not enter in there. The the blood of the sacrifice connected them to the altar and their their bodies and their clothes were hallowed, meaning they could only work for the tabernacle. Aaron could not go have some side business. The clothes that he was wearing, the clothes of the priesthood was only to be used for the tabernacle and for the worship of God. He could not go use that for some wedding function he went to or party or something or visiting his friends. He had to use those garments. They were hallowed for the worship in the tabernacle. Right? So because Christ was abolishing the old worship and bringing in the new, bringing a new sacrifice, a new tabernacle, a new worship, a new priesthood. Hebrews the book of Hebrews 9 and10 uh the baptism of water changed the washing of water by the word changed right and uh washing of water was given to all who repented and the Holy Ghost was was given to all who would believe. So the baptism connects you to the word that is preached the the baptism of water. The baptism of the Holy Ghost connects you to God himself and the purpose of God for your day. Amen. That is what it means to be baptized of water and baptized by the Holy Ghost. One connects you to the word that you say you believe in. The one connects you to God himself and the purpose for your day. Why do I need the Holy Ghost? because without the Holy Ghost I won't know what to do with the word that I have and be uh for it to be applied to my life today. I want to close with this quote from this man church age message. The prophet says what is the baptism with the Holy Ghost? It is the spirit baptizing you into the body of Christ. It is the new birth. It is the spirit of God coming in and filling you after you have repented. That's water baptism, right? After you have repented, after you've had baptism of water, the spirit of God coming in filling you, having heard his word and being baptized in water as an answer of good conscience toward God. Amen. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is that anointing of God, the spirit of God coming upon you after you have repented, after you have been baptized of water. That is the new birth. Praise be to God. Saints, there's so much more we could add to that, but I trust that the Lord will take that and give you better understanding. And if you have been baptized, you receive the Holy Ghost, make it more meaningful to you so that you can share it with other people. You can talk about these things. You can enjoy these things together. Teach your young children who want to be baptized and make it more meaningful. Make them understand what this really is about. So, the Lord bless you. Until we meet again, God be with you. God bless you and your families. Amen.
