################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-09 - The Image and Likeness of God P1 - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-09
Title:    The Image and Likeness of God P1 - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Convention
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiwDPDouHuQ
========================================

Description:
26 December 2020
Annual Camp Meeting 2020 - Walking in the Vision

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Praise the Lord. Good evening, bride. Uh, I communicated with brothers Stephen and uh, I thought uh, we had an understanding that uh, he will be introducing his son tonight, but uh, I don't know, maybe there there's a problem with the connection. Uh, so I guess uh, I may have to introduce our dear brother tonight. Uh I don't know much about our brother except that I know that he's he's a son of a very good minister &gt;&gt; of the message and uh maybe he can uh we we'll just let him tell about his ministry tell about himself a little amen before going into the word. So without further delay uh we want to welcome our dear brother Alistister Francis. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. God bless you saints. Uh it's good to be speaking to the bride of Christ around the world and especially the Philippines. I um really don't need much uh introduction because I believe the word is far more important than myself. But I just I suppose I could take a few minutes just to tell you. I'm a pastor in uh Durban, South Africa and I've been a pastor for almost 20 years. In fact, it's going to be the 20th year next year. And um so it's just a great privilege for me to have to do this. This is the first time. I can't believe something like this has actually happened where we are doing uh conventions like this. So uh but I'm thankful that the Lord has given us this uh opportunity. I um I obviously am married. Uh my wife's name is Lina and we have three sons. Uh Declan, Jordan, and Josh. And um we have a wonderful group of um people here in the message here in Durban who love the Lord with all their heart and who love the ministry of the open book and the revealed word of the hour. And as I believe that you also do the same. So we bring greetings from all of them. Uh before I begin, I would just like to thank all the ministers and also all the brothers who put the meetings together. Also all the saints around the world who are watching right now or listening in. Uh we thank you for this opportunity. It's a great honor for me to be doing this and I trust that the word would be a blessing to you this evening. Also, it's a great honor for me to be preaching with brother Steve. It's been a um a desire for us to do this together and we've never done it before. To be preaching in the same convention in in 20 years. So for me to be preaching with him is also a great honor. So I just want to give thanks to all the men of God uh who have been able to put these meetings together. So without much ado, I want to get into the word. Uh so and also greet all of you. I think it's good morning to some of you, good day to some of you and good evening to some of you. So the Lord bless you this evening. And um so I want to begin by saying you know the theme walking in the vision can be a really difficult one for a preacher to navigate. We have questions about uh what vision when when the theme was given to us walking in the vision. Some of the questions that come to you are what vision? How do the people interpret this? Is it a specific uh vision that the people are talking about? Is it the visions of the seventh seal or the third pole? Maybe. Is there an overall vision that everyone assumes that there might exist? Um, is it perhaps God's vision that we assume he has for us or a vision we all assume everyone in the message knows about and are struggling desperately to keep up with? So, u maybe we assume the vision means a secret mysterious blueprint that needs severe decoding so that we can understand it and be saved by it. So, we have to clear that up. And I want to say this as an introduction. Vision means sight. If even if someone says they had a vision, it means they saw something or something was revealed to their inner eye giving them knowledge or something to happen or revelation of something that was previously misunderstood. So vision means sight and sight brings wisdom and revelation. For example, if all the lights were off in your room, you can't really walk through the room or all the lights were off in your house and you you can't navigate yourself through the house. You would bump into things. If you put a little bit of dim light in there, you could move a little uh slower and you could find your way around. If you had a bright torch in your hand, you could locate things and run around the room perhaps, but you might stumble over things. But if you put um a full light in the room, you could jump around, dance around, scream, shout, run at a high speed because light has illuminated everything. So sight brings wisdom and revelation. If someone has sight, then it means they have direction and purpose. So walking in the vision simply means living by true direction and purpose from the wisdom and revelation given to you. Amen. Now having said that most believers have settled into a circle walk. they're walking in the message uh in a message circle around the name William Brham going to church observing Christian religion or uh or or spreading a Christian religion of spreading the message getting converts baptizing people adding numbers to a church. Everyone can baptize many people but how many have you brought to the perfection of the faith? So young people think the vision is to live blameless for as long as possible, marry someone in the message, have children, and stay in the message as long as you live. Older people have done that and have reached the stage where they ask themselves, "What now? Isn't there more to this?" So the real problem is that people lose track of what their purpose is because they forget what it is that was lost and that must be restored. They argue about the seals and the thunders for the same reason. So everyone who assumes he understands the theory of the message assumes he must have the answer to the questions on the seals and the thunders and he must spread it to the message world thinking that he will solve all their problems. In the meantime, we distract ourselves with church, learning to sing song items, giving testimonies of healings and miracles, doing thanksgivings and weddings and funerals. And that seems to have been the kind of culture we've lived through for the last 40 or 50 years in the message. There is no purpose and no vision in these things. There is no purpose and no vision in going to church, learning to sing song items, testimonies, healings, miracles, thanksgivings, weddings, funerals, and on and on. The cycle goes every year. There is no purpose and no vision in these things. These are things that all other humans do, believers and unbelievers. Are we saved because we do all these things better than them? Or do we really do it or do we really do it better than them? They seem to be far more successful at what they do though. Now, I don't pretend to have all the answers, but I cannot even give you some of the answers to these questions in just two services. So, I will use this time to take you back into the vision. The wisdom and revelation is going to depend upon you and how you allow yourself to be led of the Lord. Amen. So with that, I would like to open up our Bibles and read in Genesis 1 26-27 and also Genesis chapter 2:7. I suppose the brothers would be able to put up the uh scriptures for you on the screen and you can follow closely or you can follow in your Bible. So reading from Genesis chapter 1 verse 26- 27. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, and after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air." Now, notice those words. Let us make man in our image, and after our likeness. Let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. In the image of God created he him. Remember that verse 27. God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Amen. The Lord add a blessing to his word. We'll read Genesis 2:7 a little later. So I would like us to consider these two phrases in beginning uh with this message. I want to take the theme that we're speaking of walking in the vision and I want to take for a subject the image and the likeness of God and for a title today we're going to speak about dominion. Amen. So our subject the image and the likeness of God and we're going to speak about dominion. Now consider the two phrases that you see there in our image and after our likeness. Now you're going to see these phrases look so simple that it passes over the head of the casual reader and yet the Holy Spirit can reveal so much in it. In fact, if you study the Greek and the Hebrew, you may be totally confused because the languages do not even reveal that much of it. But we trust the Lord that he allowed the Bible to be written in a certain way that we might see the mysteries. Now notice, man was first made in the image and after the likeness of God. Right? That's what God's desire was to make man in his image and after his likeness. So first let's understand what image and likeness means. Most people in the world think that image and likeness mean the same thing. But it's not the same thing. The Bible is so accurate about these things. Remember this Bible was translated into English from uh the Chalian language, from the Hebrew language, from the Aramaic language, from the Greek and so on. So when you have repetitions like in the image and after the likeness of God is because the English translators were trying to uh translate it from the different words and meanings that were written there in the early text. So let's understand what image and likeness means. The word image in the context of scripture does not mean picture or shape. It does not mean uh what something looks like. The image of something means the absolute expression of the thing. Right? So this shows us that when man was first made in the image of God, he was the absolute expression of the nature of God. This means he was made in the very material that God was, which at that time was the logos, the word which we know is theophony. So that was the image. The image of God is the word. It is theophony. It is spirit man. It is man of that dimension at seventh dimension which is invisible to this one. That is the image. And it's all about absolute expression. It's about expression of the nature, expression of the character of God. Now how do we know this? The entire Bible has a good continuity of this. If you read Hebrews chapter 10 and verse one, you see the scripture says, "For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers there unto perfect." So notice that phrase, not the very image of things. That scripture is telling us that uh of what image refers to, right? You could see what the image of things refers to in Hebrews 10:1. Paul was saying that the law was not expressing the full truth of things. It was just a type or a shadow or a likeness. So you can see the difference between image and likeness. Right? So image refers to the full truth of something, the character, the nature of something. Excuse me. So with correct English, when you say a boy is the very image of his father, you're saying he is like his father in every way, in every detail. But you are actually incorrect because this is never the case in humans. No son is exactly identical in nature to his father. What you are referring to is his likeness. You're referring to what he looks like. So this differs when you say he is the likeness of his father. That would be more correct. So if man was made in the image of God, he was made in the very material that can express the very nature of God. See, he was made in the word form first. Uh and in that word form, he could express the very nature of God. He was expressing the divine nature of God. Clearly this material that man was first made in was not the flesh. It was theophony. Genesis 1:26-27. It was theophony man. Right? So the word is the image of God. We can conclude that the image of God is the material of the word. Now when we think about the word today, you know, most people when when you talk about the word, they think of the Bible, they think of scriptures, they think of the message, they think of written word and so on. But to us, uh that's as much as we can see. That's as much as we can feel. But in terms of the scripture, in terms of the revelation word, the word is a person is a physical person. The word is a is a is an um is theophony. Theophony is a material of a of a different dimension. Right? And that's the image that man was first made in. Now, if you look in cood volume 1 and uh page 13, paragraph 17, we're not going to read that. Uh or rather we can Yes, we can. And I think if the brothers have it, they can put it up on the screen. This is question and answers on Genesis preached in Jeffersonville 53 29th of July. And this is page 13 paragraph 17. And the prophet is saying when God made his first man, if you notice, he made him in the likeness of himself, right? In the likeness of himself. He was made in the image of God. And what is God? Now further or rather before that he was saying that God is his spirit and if you know what God was then you will know what kind of man. So here's what he says. Now if we can find out what God is we can find out what kind of man he made. So obviously the man of Genesis 2:7 who was made in flesh was not in the image of God. It was the man of Genesis 1:26-27 that was the image of God. Right? So then if we know that the image of God was uh theophony, it was the word, right? What is the likeness? Because he's not just repeating things. Let us let us make man in the image and after our likeness. He's not saying the same thing. He's not repeating the same meaning. God does not do that. So image means something. Likeness means something else. So image speaks of the character, the nature, the absolute expression. So what does likeness mean? Likeness means absolute resemblance. So resemblance is what is visible. Resemblance is what God looks like. The likeness of God is what God looks like. So what does God look like? So, see, a likeness is a close resemblance of what something looks like or appears to be, but not necessarily what it is. If you want to know what something really is, you've got to know the nature of it, the image of it. But the likeness of it is what it looks like. It's what it appears to be. So for example, if you read Romans chapter 6 and verse 5, it says, "For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also be in the likeness of his resurrection." So that scripture is telling us that you don't have to literally die the same way. You have to have the likeness of his death, the appearance of his death or um something that resembles his death. And if you have that then you will also have something that resembles his resurrection. See, so this is not saying you are planted in the image of his death and you will have the image of his resurrection. That would be the exact nature of it. But likeness is what it appears to be. So in other words, today you have to have self-sacrifice. Dying to oneself is not the same as what Christ did at Calvary, but it is the likeness of that. And so if you have the likeness of that death, you can have the likeness of the resurrection. I hope you are seeing the reason we are reading the scripture is to show you the difference between the words image and likeness. It make us understand the scriptures a lot better. So we are then resurrected a new creature in the word not having died a physical death but a spiritual death to our old natures. And therefore we can have a resurrection. See that is the likeness of Christ's death and resurrection. All right. So, but the big secret is that God also has a likeness that man has constantly been searching for and God forbid man to find it. You see, no matter how God reveals his image to us, man is more interested in his likeness. Man always wants to know what God looks like. Uh is he in some form? Man always draws pictures, makes idols. um uh makes images or rather uh um pictures in his head or forms fantasies about him and God does not want that. God rather wants you to know him in his image. But man is only seeking after the likeness. So what is the likeness of God? What does he look like? What does he resemble when he exists as God? What is he manifested as? Now if you read Isaiah 40 and verse 18 with me, you can see it says to whom then will you liken God? Or what likeness will you compare unto him? So this shows us that the question has been there for a very long time. I mean since the time of Isaiah, what is the likeness of God? So it's a long study that I've done with our church and which I don't have time to do now. But we find out that the scripture and the message reveals if you read the entire message of the prophet. Brother Marram speaks primarily throughout his message about the relationship of Christ and the church of Christ and the bride about the masculine attribute and the feminine attribute in in after the seals were open or revealed rather to us uh by the ministry of the third Paul. we find that he went so much more into the relationship of uh the masculine and the feminine attributes. The relationship between Christ and the bride. You remember the message Christ the mystery of God revealed. He spoke about all that was in God was poured into Christ and then all that was in Christ poured into the church. And the third fold of the mystery is Christ and the bride going back to Eden. So you remember that. But we find that the scripture and the message reveals the likeness of God as being now take this carefully two attributes in perfect harmony. Right? So if you just try to imagine this uh using our carnal imagination right now which I don't like to do regularly but I'm asking you to do that now. When God created man, as we read in Genesis 1:26, he said, "Let us make man in our image and after our likeness." And then what did he make? He made them male and female, two attributes in one body, two attributes in perfect harmony. Now that was their likeness. What was their image? Their image was theophony. But what do they resemble? What did they appear as? They appeared as two attributes in perfect harmony with one attribute leading and one attribute in submission. That's the likeness of God. Now, just to show you that this likeness is so powerful, it's creative. It's creative force in in the entire world. Everything that operates in the world operates with two natures in perfect harmony. If you look at uh reproduction, it's going to take the masculine and feminine natures to find perfect harmony to produce more children. If you look at electricity, it's got to take uh for the lay man, negative charges and positive charges to be in perfect harmony to produce electricity. Um to have water flow, there's got to be high pressure and low pressure in perfect harmony for water to flow in a certain direction. For magnetism, you'd have to have the north pole and the south pole in perfect harmony for there to be magnetism. These these are constantly throughout nature, two attributes in perfect harmony that can bring creation that can bring a powerful domination of something to to bring things together and and create massive things throughout the earth. uh even bringing forth life that is going back that is the resemblance of God excuse me that is the likeness of God. Now all these things like electricity magnetism u a flow of water high pressure low pressure these are like the the um shadows of shadows or shadows or shadows of what the real thing really is. When you take it all the way back, all the way back to God, you come back to the two attributes in perfect harmony which was in the logos, the attribute of Christ, the male, and the attribute of the bride, the female of the word. Amen. I hope you're understanding this and I hope you can see these things and I hope you've been taught these things so we can get through this quicker. So two attributes in perfect harmony existing as one with one in subjection to the other. That's the likeness of God. It's not the image. The image is the offering. The image is the character of the word. This uh resemblance of God. In other words, what God looks like when he is manifesting himself is two attributes in perfect harmony existing as one with one in perfect submission to the other. So notice the desire of God in Genesis 1:26. Let us make man. I want to be specific about the words. Let us make man in our image and after our likeness. Notice after our likeness. Now you'll find places where he you'll speak about man made in the image and in the likeness. But God's desire, his ultimate desire was for man to live in the image of God but after his likeness. Which means the the the likeness of man would be a resemblance of what God really is. And we'll explain that. Now careful study will show us that this was actually two different existences of man when this word was completely fulfilled. That means in Genesis 1:26-27, he was made in the image and in the likeness after our likeness was only manifested once the woman was made in Genesis 2. So let's follow this in Genesis 1:26-27. Man is made in the image and in the likeness in theophony. Brother man called that created man. You'll find that in Cood. He says when Genesis 2, man was made, he was formed man. He said there's a difference between created man and formed man. Now let's go to Genesis 5 and verse one. The Bible says this is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man in the likeness of God made he him. That means the first man was made in Genesis 1:26-27 was the perfect resemblance of God. He was made in the likeness. Right? But notice God's desire was that they should be after his likeness. And we'll explain that now. In the day that he was created, created man, theophony, that was made in the image and in the likeness. Which means in theophony, male and female were perfectly in harmony. Female in perfect submission to the man. They existed in one body. Right? And that was what God looks like. That's the resemblance of God. Amen. That's the perfect expression of God's resemblance. Now, we even notice that the prophet's saying the same thing in this question one in in COD volume 1, page 13, paragraph 17. Now, this man was made theophony. We won't read that now. But this man was made the he was in the image. Two attributes in perfect harmony in word form. That was in the likeness. Now, if you go to Genesis 2:7, now what is Genesis 2:7? It is God forming Adam from the dust of the ground. Right? It's there. He is in the image of beast because that body of flesh was the image of beast and and he was after the likeness of God. Why was he after the likeness of God? So that's what we need to find out. That was formed man. If you don't believe me, let's read the word question and answers on Genesis uh page 21 paragraph 65. The prophet saying, "And then he put man in the dust of the earth which was the first man Adam and that man was made after the image or this human man here is made after the image of an animal." See, so what what brother Mary's saying is that the the body of mankind is made in the material. It's got the character of animal. It needs to eat. It needs to sleep. It needs to do things that animals do. It needs to breathe the air of this world. It needs to interact with other creatures. Uh there's a it has those kind of characteristic and capabilities. This is not the same image as theophony. Right? So these human bodies I'm reading says are are made in the image of animal. So clearly this man of Genesis 2:7 was not in the image of God but animal or beast. Amen. So but he was after the likeness of God. Why? Because when he was theophony he was made up of the masculine attribute of the logos and the feminine attribute of the logos which is the word that is Christ and the bride in logos form. But here in Genesis 2, man, he was after the likeness of God. Because within that man who was standing there in flesh, there were two natures still in perfect harmony inside him. But these two natures, watch this. These two natures inside this flesh body are the natures of masculine and feminist man. They are the masculine natures of man and the feminist natures of man. That is the flesh of the man. And because the the the feminist nature was still inside the man, they were in perfect harmony. They there was after the likeness of God. It was another kind of resemblance of God. As long as Adam had that feminist nature inside of him, he was all powerful. He had dominion. He was the God of the earth. He could move things. He could name things. He could place things in the ecological order. He could he could rule the entire earth. because he had this power of creation because he had the perfect resemblance of God. So when you look at Adam, however, he looked male even though he had the feminine attribute inside him, he looked male because the female was the secret. She was hidden because of subjection. This condition was the completion of God's desire that God expressed in Genesis 1:26-27. Now notice what happens after the curse. When man has his first children, something happens. Now this is after the curse, right? That is after Eve had sinned. Uh Adam had sinned and they had been uh sent out of the garden of Eden. Now we come to Genesis 5 2:3 and see what happens. uh reading male and female created he them and blessed them and called their name Adam in the day when they were created and Adam lived in 130 years and begat a son in his own likeness after his image and called his name Seth. Now notice that when Adam has a son his son is in his likeness but after his image. Can you see that? That means just to magnify our point here, when we bring forth children because of sexuality, they are nowhere near as accurate as the creation of God. Our sons who are born are born in our likeness. That means they resemble us. They look like us. They may bear a close resemblance of us. People will say, "Wow, he looks just like his father." But they never really look like us identical, right? identically. They don't they're not identical to us. So therefore, they are in our likeness. They resemble us and they are after our image. They're not in our image. Why? Because our sons are never always like us 100% in character and in nature. In fact, more than often as we have more children, we find that our sons develop their own natures by influences, by their own will. They just go on developing their own natures. So um they are after our image. They are not in our image. Now this is not me speaking. This is the Bible saying that when Adam had his sons, they were in his likeness and after his image. So they will they will never absolutely manifest only what we are. Our sons will never manifest only what we are or fully express our character. which shows that getting away from the original way brings about a change of character. Amen. I hope you are with me. So image is about character and nature and likeness is about resemblance. Right? Image is about character and nature and likeness is about resemblance or what it appears to be or what it looks like or what is visible. image and car image or character in nature is invisible. Likeness is what is visible. Amen. So let's have a look and and speak about this uh u dominion or or how this applies to dominion. That's what I want to really get into uh today. So we know that God's existing form was spirit, right? You remember in John 4:24 when he was speaking to the woman at the well uh he said to her God is a spirit and you must worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. So God is a spirit. God's existing form was spirit. Now those of us who know the message know that uh the how the prophet teaches us and he speaks about this in the question and answers in uh Genesis 1 volume 1 of the cood. He says before there was space and time, God existed by himself. Uh God existed uh he was not even God. Uh there was nothing to worship him. He was this spirit that filled all whatever there was there. I don't even think we could call it space and time because time wasn't even even created there. So he just existed. That is I am right. He he existed. And then the prophet said from out of him was this logos. The logos came into manifestation. And that was John 1:1. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. So that is the God giving birth to himself. In other words, unfolding his natures into a visible form of a different existence. So what was the word? What was logos? It was God becoming or choosing to become visible that when he brings something into creation, he could be visible to that creation. So theophony or the seventh dimension was visible to the angels that create that he created and those angels worshiped him and that was when he became God. If you remember the words of the prophet was that when God when when he created angels he became God because there was something to worship him. But when he created man was when he became a father because man was his son. Amen. That's a quote. So according to Genesis 1:26, God's desire was to create man in our im. He said in our image and after our likeness. Now people the reason why we're talking about this is because like I said in the beginning when we speak about walking in the vision and uh people in this world people in the message seem to be just living a message tradition totally unaware of what our purpose is of what our direction is or why you read the word why you listen to the word why you even need the word. Um, needing the the word is not about making it to heaven. No, we're not interested in making it to heaven. The bride of Christ, we know we are citizens of heaven. We don't need to make it there. We are from there. &gt;&gt; We have a purpose to fulfill here on earth. &gt;&gt; We're not afraid of hell. There's hell is not an option for us. We were predestinated before the foundation of the world. We were in his mind. uh being the bride of Christ is different to being the church of the church ages. That is not even our discussion. We are not living the standards of the message or keeping the message so that we can keep it so well that we will make it in the rapture only if we are able to keep the laws. If you have that understanding, you have not seen the opening of the word yet. &gt;&gt; So we are of heaven which means we are not trying to make it to heaven. We know that one day heaven will embrace us. &gt;&gt; But then our vision has got to do with something here on earth. &gt;&gt; The vision that must produce wisdom and revelation has got something to do with here on earth. Something that must be manifested here on earth. And we know that if we can see what it is that was lost, then we we have the vision of what must be restored in this time. Now according to Genesis 1:26, like we were saying, God's desire was to create man in our image and after our likeness. Now we know that brother Brandham says that the father was communing with the word. He was communing with the logos. Right? Now this is important and we're going to see this a very beautiful thing that takes place here. When you say in the beginning was the word, the word was with God and the word was God. That sounds like two people. No matter how you try to spin it, it sounds like two people. But then the words are so confusing because if you're a person who says there are two people, then how can u God be with the word and the word be with God and the word and the word be God? See, it sounds very confusing when you read it literally, but you've got to understand that. See, and if you see that, you can actually see that in Genesis 1:26 when God created man, Genesis 126, that there were two attributes, male and female created he them, right? And you could see that if we had to give that name Adam, then what we're saying is that the female attribute was with Adam or Adam was with that female attribute and the female attribute was Adam. Can you see that there was a a oneness there was a unity of two attributes. So when you speak about in the beginning was the word in the beginning that is when time began uh or rather that portion of time uh was the word the word was with God. Notice that the word was with God. So if you break that down in Genesis 1:26-27 the feminine attribute was with the masculine attribute. What does that mean was with? Okay, that doesn't mean that the they were side by side. That's got nothing to do with proximity. That's got nothing to do with uh physically uh they were holding hands or they were embracing one another. To be with means to be united, means to be one. Right? Like when Jesus was praying in Gethsemane and he said, "Father, I would that these would be with me as I am with you and that we may be one." It's such a beautiful scripture. If ever you read that, it is the complete three-fold purpose of of Christ. That is John 17. I think it is the prayer of Christ in Gethsemane. Now uh since the Bible says that God made man in his own image, it means that the father and son shared the same image and likeness. Right? The father and son attributes shared the same image and likeness. Okay? And we can see this as Christ comes in. So father and son who is the word existed as one. Yet the son or the word was in subjection to the father. Who's the father? The spirit. That means the visible part was in subjection to the spirit part. The visible part was in subjection to the invisible part. The word was with God and the word was God. Praise be to God. So they had a perfect harmony which made them one. Now let's read this message from the Pergaman church age or rather this quote from paragraph 2 on page 172 of your church age book. The prophet says notice the harmony of the father and the son. Jesus never did anything until it was first showed him by the father. Now, when you read that, you might read it connally and think, well, Jesus walked around in the world and only when the father told him, "Okay, now it's time to go to the to the well because there's a woman you're going to meet there." So, the father had to whisper something in his ear and then the son would say, "Okay, right now we're going to go." See, that's connality. That's not how it works. There's no uh uh Jesus receiving a specific vision that he must go to the well or he must hear a voice telling him. No, the the word and the spirit are one. Which means when he had the leading to go, it was the spirit revealing it inside him. This harmony existed because they were one, right? And so it says Jesus never did anything until it was first showed him by the father. John 5:19. Now watch the next phrase. This harmony is now to exist between the groom and his bride. So, we're not making this up, saints. What the prophet is saying to us is that the harmony that existed between father and son, between spirit and and and and word, between spirit and and Jesus who was here 2,000 years ago, must exist between groom and his bride. And that goes beyond message culture, message tradition, going to message churches. that goes beyond reading the message, reading the word, having church. You're talking about a harmony that must exist between the word and the bride. And he says he shows her his word of life. She receives it. She never doubts it. Therefore, nothing can harm her, not even death. Now, I want to make this statement and you need to take this in slowly. God cannot be God without the word. Right? God cannot be God without the word. Why? Because without the word, what is the word? The word is the expression of the invisible God. We'll find scriptures of that uh later. So that means without the word nobody can know him as God. And if nobody can know him, nobody can worship him as God. That means he cannot be expressed without the word. So God needs the word to be God. The spirit, the eternal spirit, the fountain of life. He he needed the word to be recognized as God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because the word is in subjection to the spirit. Therefore, there is dominion. There is omnipotence. Doesn't John 1:3 says, "And all that was created was created by the word, and for him were all things created. Right? Which means even the spirit, the eternal spirit, the fountain of life created all things through his existing in the logos. Through his logos existence, he created all things that are. So then the word becomes God and everything is subject to the word of God and that makes the invisible spirit become recognized as God. So what are we saying saints? What we're saying is that if it were not for the word, the person and the word made flesh in Christ, we would never know God. Now there are plenty of scriptures for that. No man can call Jesus the Christ unless the spirit reveals that to you, right? Remember when uh Peter said the right thing and Christ said to him, "Flesh and blood did not reveal this to you, but my father which is in heaven." &gt;&gt; Amen. So u the the invisible spirit can only be recognized to know who God is can only be done by the word by seeing the word by recognizing the word. Amen. So God cannot be God without the word. &gt;&gt; Now the word makes the spirit visible. That's what the scriptures are teaching us. Without the word the spirit cannot be known. Without the spirit, there is nothing to be made known. The spirit is the natures of God, invisible and mysterious. The word is the revelation of those natures. Let's say that again. Without the word, the spirit cannot be known. Right? Without the spirit, there is nothing to be made known. The word cannot express anything by itself. It is expressing what is what natures there are in the spirit. This is why Jesus said uh my words that I speak unto you are spirit and life. Okay. And the words that he spoke were only an extension of who he was. Now the spirit is the natures of God invisible and mysterious. The word is the revelation of those natures. Praise be to God. Let's read John 1:18 and see what that says. Uh verse 18 says, "No man had seen God at any time. The only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father, he hath declared him." Amen. No man had seen God at any time. The only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father, he hath declared him. So what is declared? Declare doesn't mean he came around talking about him. Uh no, declare means to make him known. So the son came out that was Christ remember following John 1:1 in the beginning was the word uh things were created by him there came a man who was witness of that word then uh first or rather John 1:12-14 tells us that the word was made flesh and dwelt among us and then that son who's the only begotten of the father he in the bosom of the father he declared the father the father had no way of being declared except through the son. In other words, let's say this way, the invisible could not be known unless there was a visible part to express who he is. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let's come back to our thought. Image means the same nature. Image means having the same nature, right? likeness means two harmonies exist or two attributes existing as one in harmony perfect harmony. So the first man, Adam, was a spirit man. Genesis 1:26-27. He was a spirit man. He was theophony man. He was made in God's image. He was theophony, right? He was also first made in the likeness of God. Why? Because in him in that theophony man were two natures, masculine and feminist natures which came from the logos. He was one being but he had two attributes within him in perfect harmony. That was the absolute resemblance the likeness of God. Father and son, male and female. Do you see that? Do you see why male and female is a likeness? Because father and son are two attributes. Masculine and feminine or male and female are two attributes. If you have the male and female in perfect harmony as father and son attributes are in perfect harmony, it's the resemblance of God. It's what God looks like. Amen. Which is why when you see a husband and wife keeping that um uh harmony of the marriage covenant, it is the resemblance of God. It is the mystery of Christ and the church. &gt;&gt; It is powerful. It can produce. It can create. It can create a world. can create a life that someone can live in. So these two attributes being in perfect harmony as one they had dominion over all things. Now you can read in Genesis 1:28 and it says you shall have dominion over all things. I mean you will have dominion over the fish of the sea, the birds of the air, the the creatures, everything. You will have dominion, right? Genesis 1:26-28, Adam was all that God is and all that makes God God. He was the perfect likeness of God. Yet, he was not God Almighty. He was an expression of God because he was born of the word. Amen. Now, here's something important. Though Adam was male and female in Genesis 1, there was a nature about him. So when you looked at him in the garden of Eden or rather when you looked at him there was a nature of him that showed the masculine attribute which was more dominant rather Genesis 1 and the female attribute remained less prominent. Why? Because the feminine attribute of man was always meant to be in subjection to the masculine attribute. Right? That's the it's it's not that she has a right to choose which way she wants to. No, they were made with the natures to do so. Like you know, it's so simple to understand. You're not going to find things in this earth that have the quality of working together fighting against one another. For example, you're not going to find negative uh charges and positive charges saying no, I don't want to behave this way. I don't want electricity to flow. When there's an opportunity, they line up and electricity flows. You're not going to find uh uh in magnetism the north pole saying I want to be a south pole or the south pole saying I want to be a north pole. You're never going to have that. So why is it that in humans you have the the ability in humans where females say well I don't want to accept the the subjection of the male or or rather I don't want to be in submission to the male. I don't or in today's world I want to I don't want to be a female. I want to be a male. I don't want to be a male. I want to be a female. You'll never see that in any other expression of this in the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. So when you look at Adam, though Adam was male and female in Genesis 1, when you looked at him, the masculine was more dominant because the female was in perfect submission. So notice this is the same with the father and the word. If you could see the logos with your naked eye, you would be looking at God because you'll see the power of the father. You would you would be seeing his divine nature. You would be absorbing his divine nature in because the word is in the background. The word is in submission. You would see the works of the father. Remember when when Christ said uh and and you can you can remember this from the from his words uh from the scripture. He said uh you know don't judge me for what I'm saying. He said look my works tell you who I am because I do the works of the father. look at the works and judge them. And they said, "Well, we're not interested in what your works are, but you saying that you are the son of God. We have a problem with that. You being a man say that you're God, we have a problem with that." Which means they had a problem with the visible part. They had a problem with what the visible part were saying. They had a problem with with what the word was saying. They had no no issue with the miracles and the healings. They were saying yes that's from God but what you were saying we take offense with that. So um all that Christ was even doing was saying I give glory to the father. I give glory to the spirit. I give glory to the invisible. Notice this is the same with the father and the word. If you see the logos now like I said with the naked eye you're going to see God because the word being in submission to that spirit. the word will say nothing else except what the spirit reveals. So this is the same reason that Adam had dominion because because this harmony that exists between the two attributes uh is there that is the likeness of God and I I don't want you to downplay this. I want you to see the reality of this. When these two harmonies or these two attributes are in perfect harmony, this is the resemblance of God, people. This is a big thing. This isn't a small thing. If it is the resemblance of God, there's going to be power that comes forth from there. &gt;&gt; So, when Eve was pulled out of Adam, now things are becoming complicated. Things are changing. When the woman was pulled, when the woman's body was separated from the man's body, that's when man became in the image of God but after his likeness. Why? The likeness of God was actually the two attributes dwelling in one body. But now you separated. There are two bodies. Now, how are they going to keep that likeness? How are they going to keep that perfect harmony while being two separate bodies? See? So notice the woman of Genesis 2 was not the image of God. Now she was the image of Adam of Genesis 2 because she was the same material as Adam. When Adam saw her, he said, "You are bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh. You shall be called woman because you came out of man." So she was actually the image of man. Right? But in theophony, they were the image of God. The flesh body was the image of man. But because Adam and his wife were in perfect harmony with the word, their theophony was married to their flesh. That was heaven and earth embrace. So when they were glorified body because they had connection to their theophony that fleshly body had connection to their theophony and that made them powerful. That made them God on earth. And as long as Adam and his wife had that harmony, they kept that theophony. Amen. Now I know you know all these things. So the woman however could not be the image of God on her own. But Adam was see she was part of him. For her to be the image of God she had to be a part of Adam. She had to be Adam. So even though now here was the here was the the the difficulty now being separated into a separate body she had to still be Adam to be a part of God's image. Let's read 1 Corinthians 11 and verse 7. It says for a man indeed ought not to cover his head for as much. Now watch these words. As much as he is the image and the glory of God. See, it's saying that the man is the image and the glory of God. Glory means expression. He's the expression of God. But the woman is the glory of the man. She is the expression. She is the beauty. She is the uh the splendor of the man. She is the expression. She is the body through which a man can express himself through. Right? So man is the image and glory of God. But the woman is the glory of the man. So if the woman has to be God, she has to be a part of the man. Amen. So this scripture shows us that the ideal spiritual condition, excuse me, of the man, it shows us what the spiritual condition of the man and woman should be. Now he man is to be like God on this earth. He's supposed to have dominion. He's supposed to be above sin, above unbelief by displaying faith in the word. And she is supposed to be an expression of the man by displaying faith in the man. And that's just looking at a man and a woman who are married, right? And as long as they keep that, they can be the likeness of God. Notice she was not Adam's likeness because she was female. Right? So now when you separated them, here was Adam, there was the woman. They looked very different. And now you could see the difference. He was tall, burly, muscular, um, short hair. She was feminine, softer, shorter, long hair, different voice, different body structure, different organs. They were completely different in likeness. Right? So she was in his image though because she had she was bone of his bones, same flesh and blood, same DNA, same everything in terms of makeup, in terms of nature, in terms of character, in terms of makeup of the body, she was the image of Adam, but she was of a different likeness. Right? So in talk in terms of what she looked like but more than that she had his spirit because the spirit in her was taken from him. You know the prophet says these things in rising of the sun and different messages. The nature in her was from him. Right? The the the feminist nature. The prophet says God separated the feminist nature from him. Took it out and put it into the woman the body of the woman. All right. So, notice something. All the way from Genesis 1 through to Genesis 2, we have no idea how many years that took, perhaps hundreds of years. As long as she was within the man and not separated, their existence was in the image of God and in the likeness of God. But after she was separated into a different body, then they were in the image of God and after the likeness. That means the likeness that they had in Genesis 2 being in separate fleshly bodies was not the absolute likeness of God. Why? Because it was not perfect harmony. They were two separate beings who could choose to go this way in the morning and then the other go the other way in the morning. They they could spend a whole week apart walking through the earth. So they were not in the same body anymore. So why were they after the likeness? Because God instituted something called marriage covenant together because of the marriage covenant. The vows that they would be one flesh by honoring marriage covenant they had to remain one flesh united in character in thinking. So what does the marriage covenant actually mean? The woman vows to follow the leading of the man to let him be her headship to um uh um in other words submit to what his desires are for the earth at the time. If you're looking at their situation, she could not do anything she wanted to do without discussing things with him. uh if we make this like a real you know husband and wife situation at the same time his duty is to provide for her to make the earth a more pleasant place to make her happy you know that was the marriage vows between them and as long as they kept those vows they kept the likeness of God of course it was after the likeness was not ideal it was permitted it what would have been ideal is if she remained in him Right? That would have been the perfect likeness of God. Now in that condition where they were separated in body, it brought in the loophole for something to happen. And we all know what that is. We call that the fall. So here's where I want to bring us to. The image and the likeness was lost from mankind. Amen. That's what we find. The likeness of God was marred by adultery. When Eve committed adultery, she marred the likeness of God. She broke the likeness of God. And breaking the likeness of God broke the ability to have dominion. It broke the ability to have control over all dimensions. Breaking the marriage covenant was breaking the likeness of God. It brought in a son that did not belong to this man, to the real headship. Then when Adam chose to do what his wife asked him to do, he disobeying lost the image. Theophony was separated from them. And when theophony was taken off them, they were just flesh man. And you know what the prophet said in COD said, you know, when you take the Holy Ghost off a man, he becomes brute beast. And you know what he says in there? He said, "You take a man who's brute beast, he can uh throw a woman's baby from her and ravage her and so on." You remember those quotes? He's trying to say that's not the real nature of man. That's the that's the nature of the flesh, the beast coming out. Amen. So, the image of God was lost when Adam chose his will over the will of the word. Now, watch those two things. Now, if we want to know what the vision is at the end time, we have to remember these two things. The likeness was lost. The image was lost. In this day, why are you here? Why are you here? What is the purpose of the bride? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let's go on. When she caused Adam to lay with her, he disobeyed the word because laying with her meant eating of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. It meant choosing to procreate by his own will and not bring forth predestinated sons but rather bringing forth children of their own will uh and procreating. So when she caused Adam to lay with her, he disobeyed the word. He chose his own will. He lost the offony. He relinquished the offering because his theophony was now forfeit and went back to the original owner. He could no longer be a part of the word. So if he was no longer in harmony with the word, he could no longer be the word, right? Because he chose to disobey the will of the word and live by his own will. You know, they were kicked out of the garden of Eden, not because of the adultery, but because in I think it was Genesis 3 uh 20 onwards where he said the man can no longer be in the garden because he is as one of us. uh choosing to do his own will. In other words, he cho he's choosing to be God to himself. What is that? He's choosing to live by his own will. He is choosing not to be in harmony with the word, right? And that's why he was sent out of the garden. Now, let's read what the prophet says in the message uh the bridge message, the brereech between the seven church ages and the seven seals. This is preached in 1963. a famous or rather familiar message to us. Beautiful message to us. Let's read paragraph 99. And it says, "Now when Adam sinned by heeding his wife's reasoning instead of holding to God's word, that's what made Adam sin. His wife reasoned with Satan and then produced the product to Adam and Adam turned loose the word and sold out. He he lost also his inheritance when he lost his fellowship and right to life." So notice, look at these words. He lost his inheritance when he lost his fellowship and his right to life. Now what was his inheritance? His inheritance was earth. What was his fellowship? His fellowship was his oneness with God. His right to life. His fellowship is and his right to life his theophony. Right? So uh when he turned loose the word and sold out, he lost his theophony. That's what the prophet is saying. He says, "Remember the day you eat thereof, that day you die." And when he lost his life, he also lost his inheritance in life because he had complete supreme control that is dominion of the earth. He was God of the earth. God's the God of the universe and everywhere. But his son Adam had this earth under his control. He could speak, he could name, he could say, he could stop nature, he could do anything he wanted to. But when he did that, he lost his inheritance. So this is to show you that man lost the image of God and the nature and the likeness of God. Now God remember God's desire was to make man in his image and after his likeness. That was God's desire. So man by his own will chose to relinquish the image of God and the likeness of God. Right? Now looks look what happens after the fall. They've got no more likeness. They've got no more harmony. Now God is to bring a law. And he says to the man, "By the sweat of your brow, now you are going to work to provide for your family and you, the woman, you will you will bring forth children in pain, and your desire shall be to the man." It's a law that if you break it, you are going to be judged for it. Prior to that, it wasn't a law. It was nature. It was a choice. It was a covenant. It was a marriage covenant. But now God made it the law such that if the woman did not subject herself to to the man, there was going to be serious consequences. So no more likeness, no more harmony between male and female. Dominion of earth was lost. You know, that's why uh people in this world today are are lost. They're depressed constantly throughout the world. The majority of earth's people are living in depression, in sorrow, unhappy, purposeless, uh waiting for governments to show them direction, waiting for spiritual leaders to give them direction. No man feels he has control over his own soul. You know, it's so bad. You buy a house, you pay the money, and still it's not yours. You got to pay rates and taxes to the government. You got to pay for the land you thought you already paid for. And for the rest of your life, you have to protect it. You have to protect it from other people. There's just no freedom. Men and women today are so under a cloud of depression. And that's the kind of this is the kind of world that God has brought this message to us in. Right? So after the fall, man has no more theophonic representation. In in other words, man has no connection to theophony. It is so bad that can you believe that in this day God's creation is saying God does not exist. That that's going to make you sit back and just ponder for a while. There's no other creation in this world that's that's saying God does not exist. They're doing everything that even if it's the dogs and the cats and the and the the other insects in the in in the in the universe or in the earth and the the trees and the water and everything is doing its purpose. Just man sits back and says, "Well, I choose not to believe in God anymore. I choose not to believe in the message. I choose not to follow the the word of the prophet anymore. I choose to believe that the prophet is wrong. I can prove that he's where do you get something like that? It's because man has no connection to theophony. &gt;&gt; He's got no image of God. He's living by the image of of of of animal. Therefore, he he's so uh lost that that he can think in his reasonable mind or he's in reasoning mind. He can say to himself, "Well, today I choose to not believe the word. I choose to believe something else. It's tragic. It's it's a phenomenon to to to think that something like this could ever happen. No more theophonic representation. No more image of God. Man no longer is in touch with the natures of God. Think of it. For thousands of years, man has lost uh the the connection to the natures of God. He began to explain God away so terribly that now God exists as a figment of his imagination and he's man who started to believe that that he knows what God is and he began to live a lie and worship a lie such that the natures that are being produced by the lie that he created about what God is is producing such terrible natures in that mankind is falling faster than it's ever it's ever fallen before now this has left man vulnerable to the nature of beasts because without the image of God man is merely the image of beast and that's what I was referring to where brother says that in cood page 20 paragraph 55 now watch what happens to men after the fall all men who are now being born are born in the likeness of Adam so you me brothers we are born in the likeness of Adam right we resemble the first man but we are after his image. Now if you look at Seth was born after Adam he was born after the image of his father and then Seth's sons were born after the image of Seth and then those who were born after the image of their father as it went away further and further and further. it went further and further away from the image of the first man such that by Noah's day and by uh Nimrod's day they were already creating different laws for what man should live like I mean you're just speaking of 2,000 years after Adam just 2,000 years after Adam and they were already uh far away from what the original nature of Adam was in fact a thousand years away from Adam, you come to Noah and uh in in that time, God was already fed up, so to say, with the nature of man. As more men were born, their natures were going further away from Adam's nature. Cain was the father of his own lineage. And as men were born in Cain's lineage, they went from bad to worse. If you read with me Genesis 6:1-9, and it says, "And it came to pass when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair, and they took them wives of all which they chose." And the Lord said, "My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh." Yet his days shall be an 120 years. There were giants in the earth in those days, and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, and and the same became mighty men, which were of old, men of renown. And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. Saints, we're talking about just a thousand years after Adam. And these men were living to almost a thousand years old. So just not even a thousand years. And man became so wicked in sons being born after the likeness after the likeness after the image after the image of their fathers. The the original nature of man was totally lost when it came time to the flood. And God had no choice. If you read verse uh seven, and the Lord said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth, both man and beast and creeping thing, and the fowls of the air, for it repenteth me that I have made them. But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord. These are the generations of Noah. Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations. So Noah actually found grace uh in in in the eyes of God because he was perfect in his generations. Now watch that. And it said, "And Noah walked with God." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Noah walked with God. How is that? How is it that Noah walked with God? How is it that Enoch walked with God? What does it mean? Now, this you're talking about walking in the vision, being one with what the word revealed for that day, &gt;&gt; being in perfect harmony, being in union. Noah walked with God. So man was becoming worse because they began to mix the bloodlines even more by crossbreeding thus sending man even further into the nature of beasts. Men like Noah only found grace because they kept their lineages straight. So at that time the vision for Noah's day was to keep the lineages straight. You to walk in that. That was walking with God. Romans 1 verse 18-32. It's a long scripture, but I want to read just a few verses there to show you, and we can skip to the end. Romans 1:18-32. For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who hold the truth in unrighteousness, because that which may be known of God is manifest in them. For God has showed it unto them. Now watch this. For the invisible things of him who the invisible things of God from the creation of the world that means from before time began are clearly seen. What does that mean? H how is the invisible become clearly seen? Because Christ was manifested. &gt;&gt; That's what Paul is saying. The invisible things the father is being declared being understood by the things that are made. In other words, the things that were invisible are understood by the things that are formed by the visible. Right? Even his eternal power and godhead. So that in other words, Paul is saying men is without excuse because Christ has been manifested. Because when they knew God, verse 21, they glorified him not as God. That's from the beginning. Neither were they thankful but became vain in their imaginations. That's what I was telling you. Uh they began to fantasize, create lies of who God was and live by their own lies. And their foolish heart was darkened. Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools. They changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into, watch the words, an image made like to corruptible man and to birds and for-footed beasts and creeping things. Now, why do they do this? Because in their minds they began to create images or more accurately likenesses. They want to see what God looks like. They want to claim what God looks like. So they started making uh uh idols of birds and animals and male and female and men and women and for-footed beasts and creeping things. They started looking at those things and making idols out of those things. And why? Because man was desperate to see what God looks like, to know what God is. So they made up lies and they made up idols to say this is who he is and created ways of worshiping him. And of course this scripture tells us how tragic that was that by doing that from verse 24 onwards it tells you wherefore God gave them up to uncleanness. That means they they began to live by lust dishonoring themselves. Verse 25 said they changed the truth of God into a lie and worshiped the served the creature more than the creator. They became they changed the natural use of men and women. Uh they brought in homosexuality even as verse 28 says even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge. God gave them over to reprobate mind being filled with unrighteousness. verse 29, you know, fornication, wickedness, and then it goes on from verse 29 to verse 32 telling you what terrible natures came upon man because they changed the image of God &gt;&gt; because they they used another image and they used another likeness. This is telling you the reason for the world's corruption today is they have corrupted what the image and the likeness of God really is. All these natures of backbiting, haters, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient apparent without understanding, foolish, silly, covenant breakers, people who lie, give you their word and break that without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful. All these natures exist because they changed what the real image of God is, because they changed what the likeness of God is. And God was very severe about the saints. If you and I want to live in the vision today, how do we change these natures that are existing in our flesh? There is only one way. The image in the likeness of God must be restored to us. &gt;&gt; And that must be where our vision is. &gt;&gt; If you look at the idea of adoption, this is the purpose of adoption. The sons of God now have to be taught the word. The word is to come back. The image has to be brought to us by us hearing the word. Amen. Because we couldn't just take theophony being so uh diseased with sin. We have to now hear the word and believe. And as we believe, we get drawn closer to theophony. Heaven comes closer and we move closer to heaven. See that is heaven is theophony. So the more we learn, the more we believe in the word, it starts to change the nature in us away from that nature that was corrupt. So hearing the true revelation of the word for this day brings us back to the image of God. &gt;&gt; By achieving the image of God, which is theophony, man can overcome sin, which is unbelief. By receiving the image, we can choose to do the will of God again, which is what Adam chose not to do. Our duty here is to choose the will of God when the word is revealed. And that will begin to put the nature of God back into the flesh. That will take back. So the the flesh now will take back the nature of God, the image of God coming in. This will give start to bring dominion over spiritual things, &gt;&gt; over all things concerning the word. Adoption is the process that restores the image of the father to his sons. Thereby we have the spirit of adoption whereby we can cry aba. That means only when the spirit of adoption comes in can we recognize our father. When it says we can cry aba it means then we can identify hey that's where I come from. That's where I really am. &gt;&gt; That's where I really come from. So the image is restored by hearing the voice of God. God purposed it to be. So &gt;&gt; let's bring this to a close. In Deuteronomy 4:12-19, so that's going way back when God first brought in the law. Look at what he says. And the Lord spake unto you. This is Moses. I would say he's he's he's admonishing the children of Israel. He's shouting at them. He is warning them. He's being grievous. He's being really serious. He's he's really putting it all in. He's he's telling them uh in in the most serious way possible because this is the most important thing. Verse 12. And the Lord spake unto you out of the midst of the fire, you heard the voice of words but saw no similitude. Similitude means you saw no likeness. You saw no uh uh form of something. He says, "You only heard a voice." And he declared unto his covenant, which he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments, and he wrote them upon two tables of stone. And the Lord commanded me at the time to teach you statutes and judgments that you might do them in the land whether you go over to possess it. Take you therefore good heed unto yourselves, for you saw no manner of similitude. Here it is again. He said, he's warning them again. He says, take heed to yourselves. You saw no similitude. You saw no likeness. You saw no image, no form. You only heard a voice out of the midst of the fire. Right? When the Lord spake in Horeb, verse 16, lest you corrupt yourselves and make you a graven image. Now, you know, people in this world today in even in the message would say, well, I haven't made a graven image. I don't make graven images. Uh, you know, but listen, a graven image is a figment of your imagination. You can corrupt your natures by choosing to believe God is something that someone else is telling you or someone else is preaching to you a nature of God that is not the nature of God. &gt;&gt; That is a graven image. &gt;&gt; That is a a wrong image. That is a similitude of another figure. &gt;&gt; So he says you corrupt yourselves and make you a graven image. the similitude of any figure, the likeness of male or female, the likeness of any beast that is on the earth, the likeness of any winged fowl that flyth in the air, the likeness of anything that creepeth on the ground, the likeness of any fish. Notice all those words: image, likeness, image, likeness. Verse 19, lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven. God is so specific. He tells you about all the creatures of the earth. He tells you about men and women. He tells you now verse 19 about the stars of heaven. You're going to worship those things, you're going to create those things as likenesses and images, you're going to corrupt yourself. And God gives a clear warning here that we should not be doing that. Amen. Now, this was the reason that God was so much against appearing in forms. Saints, I want to make this clear to you. When God uh uh appeared as a cloud, they worshiped the cloud. But the cloud was a veil in which God was speaking through. when he appeared in the pillar of fire. They worshiped the pillar of fire. They made that an idol. Do you know that during the time of the um the marsh through the wilderness, they they created an ark cult because God instructed them to create the ark. A whole lot of people around began to create this ark cult because they believe now God lived in this box. See, they started making idols of the box. If you look at the world today, um the the the church in the church ages created an idol of the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. All the the figures, the cross, the crucifix, the pictures, this all pictures, forms, uh likenesses which they look to and their faith is limited because they are limited by the likeness of what they're looking at, right? And they cannot see past that. The reason why people have no revelation of the word is because they're limited by what they are looking at. Visible images and likenesses lead to corruption and false doctrines. There is a true image and there is a true likeness that must be restored to us. When you know what that is, how it returns to you, you will have sight. You will have vision and you will have more direction and purpose in the things that you do for him and in the way you live your life. Allah's scripture there in Deuteronomy 4:25-31 he says when thou shalt be get children this is beautiful and children's children and you shall have remained long in the land and shall corrupt yourselves and make a graven image or the likeness of anything and shall do evil watch that if so God is telling them when you've been long in the land you've been long in the message you've been long in the word you make a graven image and a likeness of anything and shall do evil in the sight of God to provoke him to anger. I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day, that you shall soon utterly perish from of the land where unto you go over Jordan to possess it. You shall not prolong your days upon it, but shall utterly be destroyed. And the Lord shall scatter you among the nations, and you shall be left few in number among the heathen, whether the Lord shall lead you. And there you shall serve other you shall serve gods, the work of men's hands and wood and stone which neither see nor hear nor eat nor smell. Um but if from if from then so this is this is telling us saints this is a promise to us. If you've come to the place where you've been so messed up with, maybe you came from Catholicism or Methodist or even a false doctrine of the message or someplace you came from somewhere and you were serving God out of a wrong image in a wrong likeness and a wrong understanding. But from that place, verse 29, if from thence thou shalt seek the Lord thy God, thou shalt find him. If thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul, when thou are in tribulation, all these things are come upon thee, even in the latter days, that is the last days. If thou turn to the Lord thy God, and shall be obedient to his voice. For the Lord thy God is a merciful God, he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, nor forget the covenant of thy fathers, which he swear unto thee. Praise be to God. So saints as we close firstly you cannot be walking in the vision if you are listening to the word that has no divine nature in it. If you are listening to word that has no image in no image of God no uh uh connection to theophony you're walking in the wrong vision. You cannot have vision if you're walking or listening to word that has no divine nature in it. You were you were called in this day to have dominion over all dimensions. You're supposed to have dominion restored to you. You shouldn't be someone who is let's let's put it this way. When you look at people in the message today and and to me this is something very serious. when you look at people in the message today and I would ask you all right now as we close the service to look at yourself and to ask yourself apart from how you dress and what you don't do and what you don't do and what you don't do and what you don't do how are you different to a denominational Christian &gt;&gt; is it just because you believe the prophet of the hour &gt;&gt; they sing songs they use Jesus name they worship Christ just like we worship in in church. They listen to the word. They read their Bibles. They pray. They probably pray longer than us and harder than us and more fervently than us. They fast and pray. So what what about you is different? &gt;&gt; Is is the difference just the way you dress? Just the way you you don't do this, you don't do that? Is it just the rules? Because then there are other groups of Christians who have rules like us and worse than us &gt;&gt; or better than us, whichever way you want to look at it. What makes you different? And and what makes us different to them? Are you different? Christians today believe that God is there to heal them when they're sick, give them solutions to their problems. And I see this in message people too. It's an absolute tragedy. This is the truth. If you are if you're receiving the image of God and the likeness is being restored in this day, you are supposed to be beyond asking for prayer, beyond asking for miracles. You should be beyond expecting miracles. You should be beyond casting out demons. What's so great about casting out demons? What's so great about healings and miracles? You should be beyond that. You shouldn't even be expecting a miracle. You should be, if you're living in the vision, then your direction and purpose is beyond these things that the church is pursuing and that the church is concerned with. You should be like Paul. Even if God doesn't heal me, I got a purpose to fulfill. I've beseeched the Lord so many times to take this away from me. He hasn't. Well, maybe for a purpose. Let's move on. That's who we ought to be. That means we we don't even lose faith if God doesn't heal us or doesn't choose to heal us at the time &gt;&gt; or whenever. We should not be people hungering after healings, miracles, looking to cast out demons, looking to baptize thousands of people. We should be looking to bring people to perfection of the faith. &gt;&gt; You are supposed to be speaking the word and believing what you say &gt;&gt; with confidence. You cannot have dominion if you are still listening to the word of a previous generation. If you are Pentecostal in your worship, Pentecostal in your belief, and you are still feeling guilty of the blood of Christ, unworthy, then you've not been listening to the open book. Because the open book does not make the bride feel unworthy of Christ. &gt;&gt; You shouldn't be receiving that nature. That was the nature of the church ages to tell you you are a terrible sinner. you you you wouldn't you would not make it to the sixth dimension. You wouldn't make it to heaven unless you accepted the blood of Christ unless you see Christ as your personal savior. That was for a church ages. &gt;&gt; That was for those Christians of a long time ago. This is a different time where the word is descended. This is a time where the bride needs to you. How do you take dominion with a spirit of unworthiness and guilt and shame? &gt;&gt; You see that? You see that the image of God being restored to you should make the the church the message to today rise above that old Pentecostalism and that that nature that the denomination speak today. We should be beyond that. If you are to be restored to the full image and likeness of God, where is the place for such mental attitudes? Dominion is not dominion is not about taking over the world, taking over uh governments and trying to prove to them that we are right. Make dominion is not showing the denominations how great a church we are or how better we are explaining the word. That's not dominion. The dominion we need is the dominion over the flesh. Is the dominion over the f the fifth dimension. Is the dominion over the world that surrounds us. It is the dominion over unbelief. Amen. Dominion is what the vision must produce in us. If you're saying you're walking in the vision, you're saying you are receiving dominion over all things. You're being restored back to Genesis 126:27 where all things are placed under your subjection. You can only achieve that if you the feminine attribute of the logos has come back in harmony with the masculine uh attribute of the logos. So in the last session that we will do on Saturday we will speak about how the image and the likeness of God is restored and how the vision of it becomes clearer to us. So I trust that you will take saints as we close we're going to bow our heads to pray and I will hand over to the brothers whoever it is that will be taking over. Let's consider that. Let's bow our heads together. Let's think about this carefully. Let's consider the most important thing here in that I said in the last few minutes is that you are you are not supposed to be a church like any other church. You are supposed to be a people who have come to the image of God, who have had the who know the image has returned, who are in touch with the image and who are bringing the likeness. Your duty in this day is to restore the likeness because the woman broke the likeness. The woman today must restore the likeness. That is your duty as being part of him. That is your vision. And that is the vision you must be walking in. Let's bow our heads as we pray. &gt;&gt; Dear heavenly father, &gt;&gt; we humbly bow before you in the glorious and precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We're so thankful Lord for this wonderful word that you have sent our way by the prophet messenger of these last days and the voice that still rings out every time we listen to it. And we even more thankful for he that has descended in our day to bring the open book to us to reveal these great mysteries to us. Dear Lord, who would we be but floundering husbands and wives just like all those on the outside just depressed husbands coming home from work just waiting to take a drink. wives frustrated with children uh waiting to just fight with their husbands, children rebellious uh not wanting to uh conform to the word of this day. We we would just be that kind of unhappy life that is going around in this world and in the world today thinking and believing that money can solve their problems and if they work harder and they get more money then they will be more happy or happier and it's such an illusion. Though they be celebrities, though they be government officials, they lose their lives just the same as the common man. They lose their happiness just the same as the common man. There's nothing they achieve that they are satisfied with. They just want more and more and more. And yet we have received everything. All that we desire is what you have given to us. This should be more than a fantasy. This should be more than a theory. It should be more than a religion to your people in this day. Father, I pray that you may impress this upon us as we bow our heads to you. Those who are in need of you today. Those who have have a deeper desire to know more about your divine nature. &gt;&gt; Those who have neglected to search the word. Those who have been complacent in having such a great message with us and not taking the great advantage Lord of of following what the word says and studying it and falling in love with it. May they reconsecrate their lives to you today. Father, we pray for all those around the world here on this forum uh and those of the local churches. Lord, we pray that you would forgive us of our complacency, forgive us of where we failed you, Lord, as we bring this to our hearts tonight, Lord, to provoke us, to provoke our understanding, to provoke our faith. I pray dear Lord that you may bless us now as you promised in this word. If we at this condition after having corrupted ourselves, if we will turn our hearts to you again, you will not forsake us. You will restore us. And I believe that you have already started the great plan of redemption 2,000 years ago and you are completing it in this day. And we are so thankful that the vision has been made clear to us today. We ask it now, Lord, in the precious and holy name of our Lord and Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, with much praise and thanksgiving. Amen. And amen. The Lord bless you, saints. It's been a wonderful privilege to be speaking to you today. And with that, I'd like to hand over to our brothers, um, whoever would be taking over. God bless you. Amen.
