################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-28 - Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P2 - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-28
Title:    Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P2 - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jvlRU0HC3g
========================================

Description:
Is Your Life a Cycle of Truth or Lies?
21 December 2025_Sunday
---------------------------------------------
00:00 - Scripture Reading
16:30 - Lies in the Bible
21:20 - Your Life has been lead by lie after lie
26:44 - Amos 2:4
33:16 - Groomed by Lies
59:39 - The Morally Grey Area
01:08:17 - What does God think of a grey area?
01:30:09 - What is salvation all about?
01:41:23 - Conclusion
-------------------------------------------
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. God bless you [clears throat] saints. So I'm just going to immediately share the screen and put on the uh presentation uh side by side and I trust that it's going to be easily visible to you. Um we'll try to keep it uh that way. So we want to begin by reading our scripture from Matthew chapter 15 and verse 22-28. And the word of God reads like this. And behold, a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts and cried unto him, saying, Have mercy on me, O Lord, thou son of David. My daughter is grievously vexed with a devil. But he answered her not a word. And his disciples came and besought him, saying, Send her away, for she crith after us. But he answered and said, I am not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of Israel. Then came she and worshiped him, saying, Lord, help me. But he answered and said, "It is not meat to take the children's bread and cast it to dogs." And she said, "Truth, Lord, yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their master's table." Then Jesus answered and said unto her,"Oh woman, great is thy faith. Be it unto thee, even as thou wilt." And her daughter was made whole from that very hour. Amen. And the Lord add a blessing to his precious word. So um uh we've been dealing with our subject which is knowing God and knowing the devil. And this is part two. And for a title this morning, is your life a cycle of truth or lies? So, it's a question. Is your life a cycle of truth or lies? All right. So, uh I just want to revise very quickly before we get into the message for today. Uh in part one, we went through all the the scriptures and uh quite a few things to show you that God is the spirit of truth. There's only one thing that the Bible really defines as God and that is God is a spirit. John 4:24. And those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. And the Bible tells us that God is a spirit. And the devil is also become a spirit. And um the Lord Jesus uh defines him as the father of all lies who was a murderer from the beginning. And he even says uh like he cannot help lie lying because that is who he is. That is his very nature. That's how the scripture defines him. So the spirit of truth, God is the spirit of truth. The devil is the spirit of lies. And the the reason why we are speaking about this or bringing it across to you in this way is that almost everyone in the world will never come across the God of the Old Testament. Nobody sees a pillar of fire anymore or a pillar of cloud. Nobody sees angels anymore appearing to them. Nobody sees any other form that God might have used to uh appear to people anymore. And but you come across God more frequently in his spirit nature which is the still small voice which we can tell you is simply truth. When you come across the truth, it is you coming in contact with God. That's how simple this is. So also we don't realize that you come across the devil more frequently than even God because this world we living in is Satan's Eden and he has filled this world with his spirit nature. The devil has and his spirit nature is simply defined as lies. So what I'm saying to you, what I want to show to you today is that you are more likely to come in contact with the devil almost every minute of the day because you are living in his paradise. And uh this is why our souls search so much for the truth because we are surrounded by the devil. Uh and so uh people think that you know uh the reason why they are so deluded about this is they they think of the devil as some uh horned scaly creature who's under the ground and that's not at all what what he is. So this was brought to my attention I think from the last video that went up on YouTube. There was a sincere and wonderful brother. I don't know who he is. Uh I think his name says Oscar del Rio I think and the reason I'm saying it is because it's there on the uh in his handle and um and so um from what I was shown he he was very gracious and he was not at all being u you know uh critical or anything but simply didn't may not have understood what we were saying and uh so I just want to commend his his wonderful spirit uh and his honesty. Uh that's that's what we should all be um truthful. So I just wanted to clear up something cuz it looked like what I said must have disillusioned him. Uh I was in no way saying there is no real devil or real god. There is a real god and a real devil. But real doesn't have to mean the way science fiction shows it or the way men draw paintings and make pictures or give us the uh the limitation of man's understanding. That's not real, right? Uh real is a is a lot closer than we think. So um God is a real spirit that lives and works in and around us. So is the devil who was once an angel then was fallen lost his first estate and lost his first bodily existence. He is now a lying spirit trapped in a fifthdimension existence. So the prophet said in a message God keeps his word. He says everybody knows that the devil doesn't have a corporal body. That's a quote right? And another one from the from the message exhortation of divine healing. He says, "A devil is helpless if he isn't in a body somewhere. He's just a spirit in the world until he's in a body and then he can torment us." So everything I told you, I may not be able to have the time to read all the quotes to you. But everything I've told you is taken from the message and from the prophet. It's not my own thoughts, right? uh my own thoughts are guided by the message and the Bible. So that's what we were pointing to that people are afraid of a devil of fiction not realizing you are living in a lie or surrounded by lies and the real devil is closer to you than you actually know. Likewise, God presents himself today in his logos, the truth. And those of us who speak the truth are the voice of God in this time. Amen. So to get to our um subject, is your life a cycle of truth or lies? And um Matthew 15:22-28. I just want to focus on that before we get into the actual message. And I'd like you to consider the conversation of the Lord Jesus and this Syrophenician woman. So if you'll notice, there is demonology at play here, right? This woman's daughter is vexed with the devil uh and which is a lying spirit. She comes to Jesus addressing him as son of David, which is king of Israel. She clearly has a revelation. She's she's calling him king of Israel and she's Cyrophenician, which is uh from Syria, right? Um and and and she's calling the Lord Jesus Christ um king of Israel. She's doing something that not even the Jewish people will do right at the time. So clearly she has a revelation. She's not even a complete or actual Israelite, but she recognizes him as king of Israel. Calls him by the title and he ignores her. And then she persists and the disciples are becoming annoyed and they're saying, "Lord, send her away. She cried after us." Like she's nagging at us, right? And um because they couldn't drive her away and and because she's being so persistent, the disciples are starting to get annoyed. And then Christ turns to her and says to her, "My ministry is only for the suffering of Israel." He said he and he said this knowing that Israel is rejecting him and would fully reject him, right? and that and he knows that his word is going to the Gentiles eventually, but he had to do miracles in Israel so that he would be rejected and killed by Israel. And nobody else knew that purpose. So he had to stick to his plan. If you think about it, he couldn't go off among the Gentiles now and start doing miracles among them. they would have all accepted him because the pagans and the heathens they uh loved miracles and they would believe any person who came in uh doing miracles because they didn't even know who God is and they would make him an idol immediately. So Christ knew exactly what he was doing. He was not going out to the Gentiles. So when some people look at this and say, "Oh, he was so cruel." You know, atheists and other people look what he did to this woman and look what he said. But the purpose was he knew what his purpose was. He had to be rejected by Israel and he had to do those miracles and signs and wonders amongst the Israelites. But anyway, that's a different subject. So she forces herself nearer to him, bowing down to him as if to a king. And his speech is absolutely brutal to her. He as much as calls her a dog. He says, "It is not meat. It is not uh uh um I'm I'm missing the word, but it is not meat for me to give the children's bread to dogs." He's literally telling her she's a dog. To us, that looks so bad of the savior, Jesus Christ, the savior of the world. But in that time it was well known that non-Israelite people were regarded as unclean because of their living right [clears throat] their unrighteousness their immorality and among the Israelites they they were known as dogs because they were immoral and the saraphanician women would have known that that is the term that the Israelites would have used for them. And so um she she knew that she comes from a background of loose morals and filthiness in public. Now what I'm bringing you to is he told her the brutal truth. In her time of need where she needs healing for her daughter, her daughter is vexed with the devil. This woman, now this is what I want to I want to do. I want to put I want you to put yourself into her shoes. Like many of you would come to your pastor today or somebody and you would come for help and you maybe you need healing, maybe you have some kind of need in your life and everybody today just want pastor please lay your hands on me and pray for me and I'll be well. My question is, what if I told you the brutal truth and that brutal truth is going to produce your faith for what you need. Would you accept it? Right? He tells her the brutal truth. You are a dog. What I have is not for you. And having told her the truth, she doesn't resist. She accepts the truth and listen to what she says. Truth, Lord. Wow. For me, you know, when I read those words, it it was it was a stark realization to me because we in this world have been surrounded by lies and we struggle to accept the truth and yet the truth sets us free. So she admitted who she was. truth Lord, I am a dog and that I don't deserve any help from you and that she was nothing compared to him or Israel. What an admission to make. Saints, you we don't completely appreciate what she means by truth. Lord, I am a dog. I am not deserving. I uh I am not like you or Israel. I'm not like the children. I I understand we are a filthy people. I am immoral. I am not deserving. But that recognition broke the hold of demonology binding her daughter. The acceptance of truth broke the fifth dimension that was holding a daughter. The Lord Jesus, watch this, doesn't even have to pray like some of you expect hands to be laid on you. He doesn't even have to pray. He doesn't have to lay hand he doesn't have to lay hands on anybody. He just commens her faith and told her that whatever she desired is going to be because of her faith because she accepted truth. See this is what God really is and this is what people who are religious Christians even message people who are religious Christians fail to understand that accepting truth breaks demonology. Amen. So my question to you as we begin today's message, could you handle the truth about your life, [snorts] who you are, what your problem is, would you in the face of such brutal truth submit or will you push back and fight? Right? Her simple act of accepting truth broke all holes of demonology. And that's all it takes. Truth destroys lies and its effects. Amen. All right. So, with that, I want to uh go to our next um part of this subject, which is uh the lies in the Bible. Uh very quickly before we get to that, I just want to show you that in the Bible, it's like I didn't put it here in the screen, but if you look in the Bible, you have children of God. Um the the Bible literally documents all the lies spoken, you know, by believers right from the be the beginning. Um the serpent in the garden of Eden says to the woman, "You will not surely die." And then Adam and Eve were immediately affected by the unbelief and cast blame on each other. Right from the very beginning, lies started causing the downfall of of mankind, which was simply saying, "It was the woman that you gave me or the woman says it was the serpent." That is deflection from my guilt. It's already starting the cycle of lies. And then look at the next one which is Cain literally lying to God. Cain, where is your brother? I don't know. Am I my brother's keeper? He lies about murdering his brother. And when God asks him where Abel is, he says, I don't know. What is that? Covering up of wrongdoing. Then you have Abram claimed Sarah was his sister two times. And what was he doing? He was doing that to preserve his own life, right? And then there was Sarah who laughed when Elohim came to the tent. And then she said, "I didn't laugh." Right? What was he doing again? Covering up. And then you had Isaac who did the same as Abram and lied that Rebecca was his sister again to preserve his own life. Then you had Rebecca and Jacob who uh Rebecca helped Jacob to deceive Isaac as if Jacob was Esau taking the blessing of the firstborn. That was using manipulation and deception for self gain. Uh what about Joseph's brothers who dipped Joseph's blood in the the the the dips Joseph's coat in the blood of a kid goat [snorts] and then lied that he was killed by a wild animal. Right. That was again manipulation for self gain. This one is amazing. You've got Rahab who literally lies to the king's soldiers to say, "I don't know where the spies are. I've never seen them." And yet she's hiding them in the rooftop of a house under some straw or something or the other. And uh here she lying to to preserve the life of God's children. Lying to do the right thing. And then you in the old in the New Testament you have Ananas and Safh who were part of the church who were people who were respected who had the Holy Ghost and then they come and lie about the money from property sale and are struck dead but again lying for self gain. And then of course you have Peter, the one who just had the uh revelation and the rock upon which the church would be built. When asked, are you one of them? He lies. And the Lord told him, you you're going to deny me three times and before the crows. And uh he denies the Lord Jesus three times. He lies for what? for preservation of his own life. Right? So you can see that lies are all over the Bible in the lives of sons of God. And the point is even good God called people succumb to lying and sometimes for good reasons. But the consequences were not always good uh for them because lying leads to a path of life that comes with a lot of problems. Listen saints, this is what we're we're bringing you to. Knowing God, knowing the devil, right? If you live by truth, it takes you down a certain path of life. If you live by lies, it takes you a different path of life. And this is how easy it is to know when you are walking in uh or walking with God or walking with the devil. Don't be thinking of God like some person in a cloud who's far away from you or the devil who is somebody under the ground like I told you who's far away from you. No, those spirits are right with you every minute of the day. And so remember we started all this because we were speaking to the Sunday school and we're talking about the two voices. putting it very simply for little children that there are whenever you want to do something there are always two voices there. There's one that tells you you should do the right thing. There's another one that's telling you to do the more exciting thing that's not right and you should listen to the voice that tells you the right thing. Young children remember that. All right, let's go to um the next part of our of our subject which is your life has been led by lie after lie from the very beginning. So that's what we want to start by showing you. Okay, we'll start with a quote from a thinking man's filter paragraph 121. Brother Bam says, "When you come in this world, you were born in sin. You didn't even come with a fighting chance. You were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies with your own spirit, the desire of sin, a lover of sin. Because you were born in sin, you didn't have a chance." All right? Born into this world without even a fighting chance. And you come into this world speaking lies. This is what happens. The moment you come into this world, the moment you can talk, the moment you become sentient, you'll always want to cover up something. It's it's literally ingrained in our DNA from our first parents, Adam and Eve. Now, I want to take this as a teaching where we just we talk to you and we want to make this more real. And I want you while you're sitting there listening to me to let your mind go back as we're speaking, go back to your childhood, to your teenagers, those of you who are adults, uh to when you got married, to the struggles you went through, the times you had children, issues you had with family. Just think about all of that, right? If you're a young person, you're a teenager, think about where you are right now. Think about your childhood. Okay, they're going to start with the most uh shocking statement. For some of us, it it would feel like that your entire life has been a lie because you were born speaking lies. It is hard for you to live the truth because everything in this life in this modern world tells you to cover up everything to live a covered up life in order for you to survive. Your your natural instinct is to cover up truth because you are afraid that if you live by the truth or speak the truth, you will be exposed. And for some reason, you feel this fightorflight response like if I tell the truth, they're going to get me. If I tell the truth, they're going to overpower me. So there's like this feeling of dominance. You are trying to live by lies because you want to dominate the situation. You want to control your life and you're afraid. And this is why most Christians, message believers, um, you're living by more lies than truth. Right? So, I want you to answer this question to yourself. Do you think who you are right now and and that your life today is based upon truth or lies? Can you confidently say that who I am at church is who I am at home? Who I am in public is who I am at home. Who I am at work is who I am at home. Or am I putting on a front everywhere I go and only the people who live close to me know exactly who I am? Well, this is the problem. See, even if you do not deliberately live by lies, you do not naturally recognize what is true anymore because you become so used to living this way cuz you your parents taught it to you, your teachers taught it to you, the the government does it, everybody does it. And because your entire you feel like your entire survival has been based on protecting your true intentions on anything for fear of being found out or manipulated by others. We feel like we have to not tell the complete truth because we'll be manipulated and if they really know then they'll attack us or they'll do something. You must know everybody feels that way. Everybody in the world wants to do that. Yet life would be so much easier if we all just told the truth and then we wouldn't attack each other, right? We'd be more comfortable with each other. You might say right now, "Brother Al, I don't lie very much." But I want to tell you the spirit of lies and the nature of lies has already infiltrated your life so much and become so much a part of you that it is even the reason people struggle with life in the message. Why do you struggle to keep the standards of the message to keep the word is because our life has been infiltrated by lies and we we just don't want to admit it. Right? So I want to show you uh share a scripture from Amos Amos chapter 2 4. And the Bible says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, for three transgressions of Judah, and for four I will not turn away the punishment thereof, because they have despised the law of the Lord and have not kept his commandments. and their lies cause them to er after the which their fathers have walked. Okay? So their lies cause them to live in error. Their lies cause them to go into error and walk in the same mistakes of their ancestors. This is the truth, saints. This is the Bible literally telling you what happens when you live by lies. Your body has been affected. Now, just so you know, you can read a beautiful series in the message called demonology. Demon, demonology, physical realm, religious realm, and enticing spirits. If you really study it properly and understand it, you will see the effect of lies. lies that literally affect your cells of your body to brother Ram says interrupt its nature uh a lie taking place to form a cancer and that's what divine healing does is it kicks out the lie it kicks out the evil spirit even though the growth will remain or remnants of it will still remain but it can kick out truth can kick out the life the life of that demon so your body has been affected and influenced from the outside since you were a child. Where you should have learned love, you learned hate. Where you should have learned sharing, you learned taking. Where you should have learned humility, you learned pride. Instead of courage, you learned fear. Instead of honesty, you learned deceit and manipulation. A lot of us even take pleasure in manipulation. I I cannot tell you how many times I um I hear I heard people in my past from my childhood even growing up and and um you know even amongst messaged people come and tell tell us you know what we told them this is what we told them you know we didn't let them get away with this and so on and in my mind I'm thinking but you didn't tell the truth you manipulated those people you know and I was always um like affected by watching elders manipulating people just for dominance. And I could see as I watched it unfold in my life and the message how that when you when they did that, it never worked out right for them. It always came back and slammed them in the face. Whereas in the beginning, they should have just told the truth. So you don't really know, right? There are thousands of things that you should have you should have uh tended towards love, sharing, humility, courage, honesty. Instead, you tended towards hate, taking, self-love, pride, fear, manipulation, and deceit. And there are thousands of other things. We could spend days examining the characteristics in life and you'll be amazed how many things. So you actually don't realize how these things affect you. I want to tell you most marriages fail because you don't marry with the thought of what I can do for him or her. the uh they marry with the thought of what he or she can give to me or how will I benefit from this what will I gain from this marriage and the nature of lies produces a nature of selfishness or selfcenteredness therefore when you hear the word the word of God you have the same reaction everybody listens to the message thinking how do I benefit from this message how do I benefit from the word. Uh do you ever think every day of your life, what can I do for the Lord? What can I do for the people? What can I do for the word? uh when you live by truth when you live and walk in the light and uh as he is the light and you you are always thinking about what I can do for for the word what I can do for the people what I can do for it's not selfishness all the time and this is what I'm saying to you when you constantly live by the way the world has directed the natures of people you tend to always govern your mind by how I can benefit. That's why you would not tell the complete truth about something because you want to dominate the situation so I can gain. That's how it is. It's like business, right? So the reason why you, me, and all believers struggle so much in life is because we are focused more on what we can do for ourselves. And we don't realize by living that way. Now, I'm not telling you something foreign, right? Because you know what Christ is about. The entire message of Christ is uh take up your cross and follow me is I lay my life down willingly. I give it for you. That's the message of Christ. That's that's the very meaning and definition of Christ is to be the savior of the world. A savior of the world is not asking the question, how does this benefit me? And you could see the trial in Gethsemane was, Lord, if it be thy will, let this cup pass. Nevertheless, not my will, but thy will [clears throat] be done. All right, so let's move to the next step. I want to show you that the spirit of lies is so subtle that you don't realize you're actually living by it. Right? So, uh, the next step is to realize that you've actually been groomed by lies. Right now, knowing who God is and who the devil is, you have to ask yourself, where do you see the spirit of lies in this life? And the fact is, it's everywhere. It's in everything man has created. Everything man creates has to come with an advertisement to convince you that you need it. Everything be it food, how it's packaged, medicines, cars, there is nothing man can sell and say this speaks for itself. It is the complete truth. There is no deception. This meat has no injections, no hormones. No, nothing is sold and told to you. What you see is what you get. This is it. No, it all comes with an advertisement. And then it comes with explanations why you should believe or have this, why you need this one instead of something else that someone else is giving. It's all propaganda. And the fact is it's everywhere. So the reality is that from the time you were born, you were being exposed to lies everywhere even before you even take interest in the world in the word of God. Right now the life we have formed in society is all based on lies. our government is our our our public uh uh servants, our school teachers, they are all programmed, our companies, our bosses, our CEOs, the ones who pay our give us our paychecks, they're the ones who are manipulating everything there. There's there's nowhere where you can find something that says this will save the world. This that I'm giving you is not for me. It is for you. It is for your benefit. A and you will be the better one out of this. Not even me. Nothing in this world does that. Everything we do comes with a price to pay. Right? So the spirit of lies is so subtle. Now I want you to answer this question. How many of you think that you that your life is not seriously or terribly affected by the spirit of lies? Right. Um I want to say this very carefully but also because we have to. The place today where we are getting the most amount of deception and manipulation and lies the greatest lies are coming from the pulpits from Christian churches and pulpits. Listen somebody out in the world if don't even think Islam is a lie, Hinduism is a lie or those things are not even the greatest cover up of the truth. They're not. There are honest genuine people trying to serve in in actual fact they are people who who might even be living in ignorance. Person who's living in ignorance and telling you something. You look at them and you look at them with disdain. You you treat them as if they are liars. Don't do that. They're not. You know, brother Brandham says a real sinner is a man who sits in church and knows what is right and doesn't do it. He says that's a sinner. The drunk in the street is not a sinner because he doesn't know any better. So what we're saying is the the greatest deception there will ever be will be in the pulpits. Right? Why? Because they are handling the truth and manipulating it. This is why we have the Bible telling us that in the last days the son of pition will stand in the holy place making himself to be God. What is that? The ultimate lie, the ultimate deception. All right. So let's start with parents, right? And I'm talking now to the young people. Let's look at whether your life is shaped by lies today. And I want you as the young people, some of you want to get baptized. Um, I want to tell you, you must get comfortable with telling the truth before you get baptized. You must get comfortable with living an honest life because you are presenting yourself to the church. And if you want to be baptized, you must commit yourself to speaking and living the truth. Live in the light. Walk in the light. Be the light. Right. So I want to ask you right now young people if your parents questioned you about something do you tell them the truth the whole truth? Do you tell them what they want to hear? Uh did or do you tell them uh tell it to them in a way to sway their opinion of you like no mom, no dad, it didn't happen like that was because they told me this and my brother or my sister showed me this first and they What are you doing? What do you think the outcome is going to be? You're trying to get mom and dad on your side for what reason? And the more you try to speak in a deceptive or manipulative way, you can see mom or dad's eyes doing this or something or their eyebrows or something or their hands start to move. They're sensing something like you're manipulating the situation. They know something is not right. But because they love you and and and you're their child, they want to give you the benefit of the doubt. But what you are doing is a dangerous thing because you are literally manipulating someone's love to dominate them. Right. My question is, were you afraid that if they knew the truth, they wouldn't treat you the way you want them to? Were what was your victory from lying to your parents? You go back to your room and all you won was being a manipulator and a deceiver. Yes, they didn't uh they don't know the truth. Yes, they don't know everything. Yes, I sorted the situation out. There's no more animosity. My feelings are intact. Great. But the only thing you won was a prize for being a really good convincing liar and nothing else, right? How about when you have fights or struggles or arguments with your siblings? It's natural to want to have the upper hand over your sibling, your brother or your sister. But the question is, did you manipulate them and present things to your parents to deliberately bring down your own siblings characters? Did you take joy in seeing them get into trouble? Can you solve your issues with them without being deceptive and manipulative? Can you actually talk to your siblings just by telling the truth? You will respect each other so much more if you do. How about when you're in school? Your 12 years of school, young people, and you old people think back to it. It was an absolute melting pot of lies, right? It's where you learned to become an expert liar. You lied about schoolwork. You cheated on projects and tests. You lied when your parents helped you went and said, "No, I did it myself. My dad didn't do it for me." And then your parents lied and said, "They didn't do it. He did everything himself. We didn't even help." And and you looked at this thinking, "Oh, well, this is okay." You know teachers lied, friends lied about you, you lied about friends and all these effects of lying was being programmed into you and grooming you. You don't realize that you have these best friends in your school, your best girlfriend, your your best friend who's a guy, whatever, and they're all together and they're telling you how great you are, how awesome you are. They're agreeing with you when you do wrong things. You don't realize that your innocent little soul, even though your flesh and your mind is loving this person or liking this person, just because they're making your feelings uh feel better. What's actually happening is your little soul is distrusting people more and more and more and more. As more lies, as you see more lies, you develop more doubt and more fear, more distrust, more anxiety. Eventually, over time, it's grooming you into a person who's barely going to trust anybody or anything you hear, and you're going to live with so much of fear in your life. If you go to public school today, you enter school as a sweet, innocent, cute little angel in your beautiful little uniform. Your parents taking pictures of you, your little smile, your little pigtails maybe for a girl. And if you're a boy, your little cap on your beautiful little angel. After 12 years, you finish school being a fun-loving, funny, cool, sassy, suspicious, manipulative, calculating little devil. That's the truth. That's what all teenagers exit school as. Because you've learned to deceive everybody. And we wonder why we even send our kids to school. Okay, look at dating. This culture of dating has been taught to you as an exciting game, a game of cat and mouse. You almost feel like you have to follow the way dating uh is defined because if you don't uh it won't come right, it won't work. And it's this this game that's meant to be the the romance must be uh so strong, but it's all deception, right? It's it used to be something honorable many many years ago and but now it's just a game and it creates an addiction to winning. This is why men have become called players in this world today because they are addicted to the game. They don't really care about the girl. They love the game. They love to manipulate her, get her into their their bed and that's it. Right? and then ditch them because they're gotten so addicted to this game of lying and manipulation and deception. And it involves using all kinds of means and ways to force you to coersse you to like somebody and to be with them. But it's all based on a complete facade. All on to to the point where if a young girl is just truthful to someone, they'll despise her. They'll even think that the truth she's telling them is a lie. And same with a guy. If he comes out and just says, "Listen, this is what I am. Uh I'm not that rich. I'm not that impressive, but you know, if you'll accept me, I'll stick with you through life and I'll never fail you. I'll do my best never to fail you. And if I do, I'll do everything my in my power to make it up to you and put it right. Nobody's [snorts] in this world today. The amazing thing is the young girls would rather go for a total fraud who sweet talks them, who presents himself as somebody who he is not. He's not worth a grain of salt, but they're so used to his his fine words and his hairstyle and uh his manner of coercing them and manipulation. And because all of you are groomed by lies, you're just going to fall to both sides, men and women, just cannot even tell the truth anymore. Nobody just tells the truth anymore, says exactly how they feel about something. Why? because you feel like you have to keep up appearances in case you lose them and you're not sure why, whether they are the one or they're not the one. So, you lie. That's a lot of gambling. Young people, how about college and university? So, you exit school as this manipulative, calculating devil, right? We said that. Then you go to college and university. And college and university is where lying marries pride and gives birth to a monster. Okay? You become the most intellectual and dangerous liar when you go to universities and college because now you you exited high school a manipulating calculative devil. But now you're going to go to university and come out with being a man manipulating calculating devil with a degree with uh something to your name that certifies you right. You become an intellectual dangerous liar. You feel important because you don't realize you've been set up. You feel important because you get a higher education. You can now teach your mom and dad something about life, your pastor, the people around you. You suddenly can educate people online just cuz you got a degree. And you don't realize you just got to pass into the fifth dimension. This is your most vulnerable stage in the word because it's at this stage that you will openly debate and question God and the word and you don't realize it's all because of a certificate that's making you feel more important than even the truth. This is where you are now being told there is my truth, your truth. Everyone's got their own truth. You've been sold the greatest lie. You've now just basically become a higher level devil because a level a devil is a false accuser, right? That's the meaning of it. Then you get to marriage life. Marriage and family life is where you start to realize now you you you uh you've been educated, you got you get your job, you you meet a girl, you meet a a guy, whatever, you get married, you start life. Now you're living with a person, right? And when you're living with a person is where you start realizing that all the lies you were groomed with in your past was a waste of time. And it's all comes flooding in and catching up with you in 5 minutes, right? Because now the woman who's staying with you can see who you really are. Your children can see who [clears throat] you really are. You're starting to show your own parents who you really are. your in-laws, who you really are, and it all comes crashing down. Now, how do you undo an entire life of being groomed by lies unless you come out and tell the truth and say, "Hey, listen, man." And there's good ways to do it, you know, light-heartedly. Man, I was such a fool back then. I was so arrogant. I was so And then you'll you'll actually when you start telling the truth, you'll see the people around you start to relax. you know, and they'll they start to feel, oh, okay, you know what? I did the same thing. You don't feel bad about that. That's amazing how truth can actually set you free. So now you're in this marriage with these children and your wife who's frustrated and you then lose all the energy to keep up with the lies because the lies have been weighing you down so much and you start to fall apart in front of everybody who thought they knew you. and you let yourself go, but now people still expect you to be who you used to be and you're not interested in being that again because it's too tiring, right? Life becomes frustrating. You snap time and time again. You grow into an insufferable, unhelp, unhappy, grumbling, cheating, lying person, and the worst thing, a great pretender in church. Even worse, if you are even actually a good person inside that little soul, then your life in the message becomes such a struggle because you really want to please God and you just don't know how to anymore because you don't know how to get out of the very cage that the lies in your life in the past locked you into. And then you know what's going to happen if you don't get out of it? that same cycle of lies that started with you, you're just going to continue it by passing it on to your kids. Cuz if you don't break it, you're going to start grooming your little children into another cycle of lies. I want you to to do this exercise. Look at the people you know in the world, your relatives, your family, your schoolmates, your college um university friends. um um uh who your work colleagues. I I want you to think of those people who don't have the word. Think of it in your mind right now and see if you can name five people who are happily married, have no addictions to any substances, who don't fight like rabbit dogs. And you know, name one person who is absolutely trustworthy who will lay their life down for you and you can lay their life your life down for them. Can you name one person outside in the world other than your brothers and sisters in the church and even that too? Some of it is sketchy. Can you name five trustworthy people in this world that you know you can always come to and will always tell you the truth? unfiltered truth, uncompromising, unadulterated truth, and they're not going to manipulate it. Can you? Is it your mother, your father? Who are they? Who are these people in your life who you know you can trust with your utmost thoughts and they won't manipulate you or use it to dominate you? Can you name them? [snorts] Some of you older people cannot even trust your children who are adults and married. Now, I know this because I I I counsel people. I I see people's lives and problems. I'm I'm telling you, nobody can name. Most people cannot even name one person that you can have full confidence in and that that you know they'll never let you down. Look at their if if you know any married people in the world look at their children and ask yourself are there the reason why I'm telling you especially you young people you you might be hearing the message and you're complaining about your life things in my home you know we got so many restrictions we don't have this we don't have that and you know our friends are having fun really look at your friends lives and ask yourself if your friends are living by truth or lie eyes. Consider this deeply and look at that Syrophanician woman who said truth Lord and demonology was broken without even a prayer, without even laying of hands, without anointing with oil, just accepting truth. That's how powerful it is. That's God saints. So at which point, I want you to consider this. At which point in your development will you now young people be able to make the change from this nature of lying and deception and manipulation? How can you do this by your own strength? Can you suddenly one day decide I just want to live by truth? I just I just want to let go. I just want can you have the strength of character? You know the the prophet says you can never fully have the Holy Ghost or have the Holy Ghost in its fullness until you separate from all unbelief. Right? And and that's our [clears throat] struggle all of us myself included uh to separate from all every aspect of manipulation, deception, lies, self-preservation. I'm never going to get the Holy Ghost in its fullness until I can do that. And here's the here's the truth. You can't do that by yourself. This is why the word is salvation to us to save us from ourselves. Stop even blaming the devil like he's somebody who is sneaking around at you and uh coming to try and No, you are using the nature that he has planted into this world to corrupt yourself. You were doing it by your own free will. You were accepting lies. You were speaking lies. You were living a lie. And this living with lies causes the worst thing, an identity crisis because you don't know who you are. Most of us are going to take years to find out who I actually am. Who am I, Lord? Is that who I was? Was that what I was portraying myself to my parents as when I was growing up? Is that who I am? Was I that person? Who am I portraying to my boss, my colleagues? Who is it? Who am I? So if you come through all this development and you have grown into a young adult, you'll probably become so accustomed to living influenced by lies and untruths that you are a different person to every person that meets you. And what am I saying to you? You are literally living with a mental disorder of multi-personality. uh uh disorder. You you are somebody else to different groups of people. So you are a you are one person to your parents. You are another person at church. You are to different parts of the world. You have several ways that you portray yourself. So much so you can actually see people's speech change when they are with different people. You very rarely find people who speak exactly like you speak to your wife in a certain way and you speak to this one in a certain way and that one in a certain way but you literally are changing a personality with different people and that that's very stressful, right? And um you then live with regret so often because you know that's not who you really want to be. you're to your parents. You really just want to be open, honest. This is who I am. Mom and dad, this is who I am. Teacher, boss, colleagues, whoever, this is who I am. I I'm just so tired of keeping up appearances, right? And you live with regret so often because you know that's not who you really want to be, right? And you have so many personalities that you portray that now you don't know which one to pick to be you. That's why I say it's an identity crisis. You uh you get offended because people don't understand you and don't get what you mean. But how can they get to know who you are when you don't even know which personality to pick for yourself? It's confusing for us, right? So if you are in an age group where you are now a young adult uh you are where you can still bring a change to your life. For us who are who are older people middle-aged people it's harder for us to change when we are older. And but you know what I find we adults are even more desperate to change completely than the younger ones. The younger ones just are trying to double down and claim this is who I am and you know I don't need to change. But no, what I'm saying to you young people is this is the time of your life where you are going to establish who you are in the future. This is the time of your life where you can choose to live by truth and establish yourself in the truth so that you can set your life up for a positive outcome. Um saints the truth is without the Holy Spirit you can never willfully turn away from wrong things. uh without the Holy Spirit we don't have the ability to turn things around to seek the truth to live the truth to get rid of all the lies in our life we just cannot do it without him without the word we cannot we we don't have the mental acuity we don't have the uh the the the strength of character to do it on our own that's why we need the word that's why we come back to church that's why we come back to the word constantly amen I want to get to this next part which I've called the morally gray area. And um I want to show you that deception um let's just share the screen. Deception has become the modern and chosen way of life. There used to be a clear boundary between truth and lies. once. But that is no more. We no longer have just the two categories of truth and lies. But we have this morally comfortable gray category of misleading statements and behaviors that is not actually the truth but just falls short of a lie. Right? So, if you look at this diagram I've I've put up for you on the screen, you'll see I've put the black part as lies and the white part is truth. And when you combine lies and truth together, you get this morally gray area. Okay? So this is uh where humans today find themselves living and actually more good people find themselves living in this morally gray area. You know naturally bad people don't care. They can live in absolute total lies. Now you are highly intelligent beings today as compared with people a thousand years ago. You are even more so intelligent than previous generations of the past just of the recent past. You have greater access to information good and bad information and uh the previous you know information that the previous generation did not have. You have the message. You have the Bible. You have You have it on your phones, your tablets, your PCs. You have Wikipedia. You have search engines of all kinds. You have social media. You have greater access to Bible commentaries. Uh the world of your generation has become so liberal, so free with sinfulness that it is literally making the word of God seem like an extreme. So it's like to tell you not to dress in a sexually seductive way looks like an extreme. But just 200 years ago, women were dressing covered up, you know, not even 200 like 100 years ago, they were dressing all over the world. It wasn't it it wasn't even called message standards. It just simply was. This is how you dress. Men never ran around in shorts. Uh you know, they worked in the fields without their shirts and so on. But just a few hundred years ago, society knew truth. Today, if you go to our Durban beachfront, you're going to find scores and scores of naked people, right? And uh people just doing unrighteous things. Illegitimate children are going to be conceived. It's just it's it's insane what's going on. And because of how this generation has become so liberal, the word which is truth looks extreme, right? And it has forced you because because of that you are being forced to live in this gray area. And this gray area you are calling normal. So that We're living in this place so we can be accepted in the world and accepted in the message. And that's what I'm finding with message people today. You're finding it so stressful, so hard. And you know, I could tell you so many things. How do I go to uh my family's weddings and you know, I got to fit in. How can I go to my cousins parties and still be a believer? Uh listen, nobody's asking you to go there and stand there and start shouting out the word and condemning them and you know saying thus said the Lord, you're all going to hell, you know, and nobody's asking you to do that. That's behaving like a crazy person, right? But you don't have to uh start participating in worldliness just to fit in. And and I I find today, you know, I I don't know, people call me grumpy. I don't mind. But this is one of the reasons I I'm not going to be a person who goes somewhere and be something I'm not. I'm not going to go to some family function and act like them just to to make them feel good. I want to stand for the truth. I want to I'll be there. I'll shake their hands. I'll congratulate them. you know, well done on your marriage or well done on turning whatever 21 or something, but if you're going to play worldly music, I'm not going to dance to it. I'm sorry. This not who I am. I'm going to sit there and watch you dance and do all your stuff and whatever and I'll enjoy the food and I'll greet you and I'll be uh, you know, courteous and loving and, you know, hug all the relatives and but I'm not going to get involved. I'm not going to stand there and listen to filthy sexy jokes and uh, immoral things. I'm not going to laugh at your uh um uh filthy words. I'm not going to act like it's okay with me. I'm not going to sit there while you curse and be vulgar and and make you feel happy that you know it's okay. I can deal with that. I'm a cool guy. No, I'm not going to do that. I'm going to be me. You be you. I be me. This is how it is. And um you don't care about making me feel uncomfortable. Why should I go out of my way to make you feel like you're like you're like I'm comfortable with what you're saying to me? No, I'm not going to do that. So, I'm gonna end up looking like I'm grumpy. Well, right back at you, man. You look as grumpy as anything when I'm in your presence. So, you know, we're good. I don't really care. But my point is, people today living in this gray area, you do not realize how this is stressing you out because you're a child of God. Okay. So, I want to bring you to something uh a really astounding, astonishing scripture. Okay. And and I want to show you the difference between telling a lie. Um my I think I I must have missed this in my notes, but okay. Here's the difference between telling a lie and living by the truth. He that workketh deceit shall not dwell uh within my house. He that tellth lies shall not tarry in my sight. Right? So this is incredible. Uh uh he that workketh deceit shall not dwell. This is literally telling you that manipulation uh is going to cause you to actually leave the Lord's house. But the person that tells lies won't last. It's literally telling you if you live in a gray in that gray area, if you live in lies, if you live in this morally gray zone, you're not going to last long. You have to eventually move out of there into the light or else you will leave because it's going to get too pressurizing for you. Right? So, we need to really think about the saints. Now, I want I want us to focus on what salvation is really all about. Okay? And this is what's going to be uh so important to us. And I'll get to that a little later. But I want to uh it looks like I didn't put this here in my notes, but I want to share something with you uh to show you what what God really hates. And this is in Proverbsap 6-19. Uh so I'm just going to go to the message um and bring up that scripture uh so that we can we can have a look at that. Share the screen. Okay. Hope you can see that. Proverbs 6 verse 16 to 19. So this is an amazing scripture and I want you to to notice what the Lord speaks here. It's just something you need to read. um uh in with your families uh even at family altar um you know it's something you can discuss together I think it's something really amazing that all people uh in the message should really look at these six things doth the Lord hate yay seven are an abomination unto him so watch this is the only place in scripture where you get a ver a portion of scripture telling you what God what the spirit of truth hates. Right? There are six things he hates. But when you get the seventh, it becomes disgusting. An abomination means something disgusting, distasteful. All right, listen young people. A proud look. Number one, a lying tongue. Number two, hands that shed innocent blood. Number three, a heart that devises wicked imaginations. Right. Uh, number four. Number five, feet that be swift in running to mischief. Number six, uh, a false witness that speaketh lies and he that sweth discord among brethren. Right? Number six. So, and number seven. So, the way God puts it is the the word puts it is there are these six things that he hates and you're you're you're even okay there. But when you get to the seventh, it's just disgusting. It's an abomination to God, right? So number one, a proud look. Number two, a lying tongue. Number three, hands that shed innocent blood. Number four, a heart that devises wicked imaginations. Number five, feet that that are swift in running to mischief. Number six, a false witness that speaketh lies. And number seven, which is the abomination, he that sweth discord among brethren. Where else will you find in the scripture a place where God defines something he hates? Right? This is how simple it is. So how does God feel about you living in a gray area? Right? So I want to explain something to you and I want you to uh to look at these things. So let's look at a proud look. Right? What is that? Okay. So, and this is where you need to look at h who you are really and what your nature slowly becomes. Nothing that the world produces in this world gives you humility. It's not how you dress. It's not how you do your hair. It's how you project your spirit. You cannot let others see your mistakes to protect your image, your status in your social circles. You are every all those personalities you create is because of pride because it's it's given you a proud look. I've got to portray myself in a certain way to gain something, right? God hates that. God hates a proud look. I'm not saying you must walk around looking like a hobo. Okay? Be attractive. Be but be yourself. Don't hide behind a mask. Be yourself. Right. The second is a lying tongue. And and you've come to this place where you can no longer be completely honest with people. Not with parents, not with family, not with friends, not with the world. Everything you share with every person you live with is a halftruth. It's a lie. Even the songs of worship that we sing is a gray area because we sing things we don't even mean. Even our prayers are a gray area. When you get to a place when you even praying to God and you're using words thinking you are manipulating the spirit of God, just wake up, pinch yourself, knock yourself on the head with something and AND ASK YOURSELF, WHAT ARE YOU saying right now? What are you saying to the spirit of God right now? when you're in church and you're trying to use great words to to influence people or to make yourself look like something or you're you're somebody they ask you to open in prayer and you're trying to be something you're not or you're trying to bring in some kind of charisma, just knock yourself in the eye or something and AND ASK YOURSELF, WHAT are you doing? What are you doing? Why can you not just be yourself and speak to God? Talk to him. Drop everything else away. No manipulation, no deceit, no trying to be something in front of people, no trying to be any extra spiritual kind of person. Just talk to him in truth. This is a lying tongue. Nobody's nobody's saying you're you're you're, you know, telling lies all the time. This is what's what's what's been happening. It's a it's a tongue that is just not uh uh uh conducive anymore to to speaking the truth, to being honest with people. Hands that shed innocent blood. You're going to say, "Brother L, I don't I don't kill people. I don't murder people." Listen, because of what you are groomed to be, you have been groomed to be selfish. you are. So because you've you've taken on the mentality and the the lifestyle of being selfish, you your first reaction if someone comes against you is to cut them down to protect your own interest. You're going to cut them down. You your first thing is defensiveness and then attack. Oh, but I'm telling you this because you did this, but you also and you did this and you did this last and I'm going to tell them and I'm going to do that's shedding innocent blood. You become so desensitized. So, you don't care what you do with your life that causes other people to make mistakes or even backslide. You're going to do things to damage the lives of other people. That's shedding innocent blood and God hates it. How about a heart that devises wicked imaginations? I don't do that, brother Al. Because you know you put yourself first, you suspect others of being the same. So you believe everybody doesn't have good intentions and so why should I? And you develop a suspicious nature. So therefore, you get offended so easily. So whenever somebody's while they're talking to you, your mind is already thinking, how can I be cleverer? How can I be better? How can I manipulate this? How can I dominate this? Right? What's the point of it all, saints? Number five, feet that are swift in running to mischief. You say, "I don't do that. You know, I don't I'm not that kind of person." What are feet in the Bible? In the Bible, feet are a symbol of intentions, right? Having a nature that is addicted to drama and negativity, gossip. Listen, all of this comes from the realm of lies, which is fifth dimension, which is the devil. A desire to always cause a situation and encourage incitement of indifference. Always running to mischief is using your words, using your phone, using your text just to create drama, to be a part of the drama, to be a part of the gossip, to be a part of something that brings down somebody else. Just not living in the light. That's feet that run to mischief. God hates it. Number six, false witness that speaketh lies. That is like using you use your your feigned innocence and a victim-like nature to cause ill to come upon other people. You know, a false witness in the Bible is one of the commandments. Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor. Somebody calls you and asks you about somebody, your brother, your sister. Tell the truth. Just tell the truth. That's all. and tell your brothers and sisters, I'm going to tell the truth. Some of this is going to get us into trouble. Some of this is going to get you in trouble, more you than me, or more me than you. But tell the truth. Don't be a false witness. There's nothing good going to come out of because when they find out you're a liar, the the retribution or rather the condemnation is going to be double. It's going to be worse. You rather tell the truth, be accountable for what happened, pay the price, and live in peace thereafter. Right? A false witness and bearing false witness against that's the worst thing you can do. I tell you to to go and and speak lies about your brother and sister in Christ. That's that's like that that is Judas. That is bearing false witness. Okay? And then you get to this. This is not even false witness. So So what are we what is all this about? This is all about the realm of lies, right? You you've been if you've been thinking the devil is some scaly creature with a tail and a fork and you know living under the ground amongst lava pits and no saints. This is what's right among us. This is the devil. This is the devil that's not being preached about in churches. This is the devil that's not being targeted in your daily life. Yeah. You know what? You can all fuss and fight and argue about the coming of the Lord and the seventh seal being open and the open book and you know whether he's coming in a corporal body or he's not or you whether the resurrected saint wonderful. Oh, you look so great. You know all the quotes. You can put all the doctrines together. But lies are all around you in your mouth, in your life with your family, in the way you dress, in the person you are at work, person you are at school. It's it's swirling around you. It's in your essence. It's in your thoughts. And yet you can quote the message to your heart's content. You can be among the people who discuss doctrines and fight against ministries and fight against min and correct this one, correct that one, but your lives are surrounded by propaganda, advertisement, and darkness. And you don't realize you've been more accustomed to living with fifthdimensional influence rather than the seventh dimension. The seventh part here, he says, is he that sweth discord among brethren. This is the part if you study all this, you take these this one these few scriptures I showed you and apply that into the message demonology, you come to enticing spirits. And brother Maram said, he that saw a discord among brethren said that's sulfuric acid in the church. That's enticing spirits. What is this? You make others look bad to make yourself look good and speak against other people in the church, other brothers, other ministers and speak against them and why uh against people in the church and why it's it's not for you, right? So you want them to look bad so that you can look good and then you're actually messing up the relationship between that brother and that brother or that sister and that sister. You are sewing a seed of discord between them and secretly you want e both of them to be on your side. You're literally playing a game with people's lives where you're pitting them against each other while keeping good relations with both of them. That is disgusting in the sight of God. This to me is everyone's picking on dressing and uh you know the way people their hair is done or how high their heels are, how long their skirts are or what their face looks like or whether they go and do this or whether they they listen to this music or how lively they are in their church or how quiet they are. All of this stuff. But when you live like this, a person who pits two people against one one another while you are maintaining good relations with him. This is an abomination to the Lord. This is disgusting to his nature, to his nature of truth. Can you honestly say this behavior is influenced by the spirit of truth? When you read all that, we want to see that it's God, the spirit of truth that condemns this behavior and not even the message. You young people can fight and and fuss against the message. It's not even the message. It by that I'm just trying to point out to me the message is the Bible and the Bible is the message. It's all the message. I don't I don't see any difference. But I'm I'm trying to tell you because you're still developing and if you get upset with the prophet and what he says, well, how can you argue with those scriptures from Proverbs 16? What are you going to say then? Right? You may blame the message all you want. It's too strict. It's caging me. And look at the reality of what is happening. I just want to say it this way. You need to to understand God hates pretense. God hates deceitfulness. It's not in his nature. The nature of God is truth. It's not deceitfulness. It's not pretense. We don't go to church and become actors, good actors. You say, "This is me, Lord." You know, this is who I am. You don't say, "This is me. Deal with it." Right? Let's see if you can deal with it. Right? You young people, brother Al is not going to be around forever. If God carries for a while, there's going to be a church of tomorrow. Who will you choose to be your pastors, your deacons, your song leaders, your musicians? What on what basis are you going to choose these people? Will you meet the conditions to lead? Will young men find girls who are not master manipulators to be pastors, wives, deacons wives, trustes wives? Young ladies, will you find men who are just players? Are they going to be the leaders of your churches? Do you even care whether there will be a church once all your elders have died off? What are you going to do? You have to make a decision now. Are you content to just stay along this path that you're on hoping for the best or are you desiring to make a change today? The difference between telling a lie and living a lie is [clears throat] we we don't want you to go away thinking this is easy. I just won't tell lies anymore and I'm and I'm good. No. Telling a lie is one thing. Living the lie is the same as telling a lie. You may be living by the way Hollywood defines something, the way the world defines something, the way uh the the internet defines something. And if you are living by that way, you are as good as telling a lie. That's ultimately what you're doing. You're manifesting something that is not the truth. It's not of God, right? And you will not last in his house if you feel comfortable in the gray area. He that tells lies shall not tarry in my sight. You will not last long. Okay. So, we come to what is salvation about saints? And we're going to bring this to a close now. Salvation has become a thing that we understand from the Pentecostal point of view. That's what's been fed to us. The way they teach it to you is just another lie of the devil. Okay. The word salvation comes from the word salva. Sodzo, ointment, to heal. So what are you being healed of? Now you can define it. What am I being healed of? Some of you, this is why I I I wanted I felt in my heart to share all this with you and with young people. A lot of this we did with you in a in a youth meeting many years ago long before co um because some of you want to get baptized which we will be doing in in the coming year the earlier um in January. And I want you to think about this. Some of you born in the message, you haven't really done anything wrong. You haven't maybe you haven't smoked, drank, done drugs, fornicated. You haven't done that. And then you're going to be asked to repent and uh submit yourself to God and to the word. And you don't realize that salvation is healing from the spirit of lies. And that we come into this world speaking lies. And most of us think I don't speak lies. I always try to tell the truth. No. Speaking lies is living deceptively. Living manipulatively, right? And you some of you will be listening to this saying, "Brother L, how how do we ever get out of that? This is too hard for us to bear." No, it's not. You just submit yourself to truth. Submit yourself to the word. Fall in love with the word. And he takes care of that. We are every day being saved. Salvation is a constant process of being healed from the effect of lies and deceit. This is your real enemy. I'm not telling you anything that's not the message. Brother Brandham says, "I come to realize my greatest enemy is William Brham." What does he mean by that? Right? This is the truth that we are telling you. All the scriptures on truth and lies tells us that our sin is not really literal wrongs, wrong things that we did. We can give up doing wrong things. It's actually easier, right? What we never give up easy is living by the spirit of lies. That's actually what our sin, doubt, and unbelief is. You can give up smoking. You can't give up the desire for smoking that easy. You can give up dressing weird. But the desire is very hard too. This is why Christ focuses in and says, "You say you didn't kill, but you got angry with your brother without a cause. You have killed." See? So that's what we actually need salvation from. We need salvation from the nature of lies. We we say we are born again. We say I'm starting to uh to to my spirit o of an infant from scratch. I'm starting from scratch. I'm I'm following the truth for my day. That's what we are saying. That's what being born again is. I my my spirit is being born again. I'm I'm bringing it back away from lies. I'm bringing it to truth. I'm subjecting it under truth. I'm putting it under the light of his word. I want to try and live in the light. That's what we're saying. That's what when you come to be baptized, that's what I want. Every day after I'm baptized, young person, you should be desiring. I want to know the word. I want to know the word more than before. I want to live in that word. I want to study it. I want to be in church. I want to fellowship in it. That's what I want. That's what your desire ought to be. That's more than just a Pentecostal experience of shouting and screaming and speaking with tongues and prophesying and having dreams. That's what we want to see coming from people. Amen. Uh let's read this this quote. Um there's just two quotes here I think before we close. Yeah. So what is salvation all about? What happens when I'm born again? Right? Spoken word is the original seed. Paragraph 122. The prophet is saying, "Then except you be except a man be born again, why must he be born again? He's dead. The flesh he's in. He is He's hybrid. He's got to be born again. Why? Why? He was born in sin from Eve's sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. He's a liar to begin with." Listen, the prophet is not saying you're a you're an adulterer. You're a you're a smoker. You're a drinker. You come into the world speaking li your first issue is lies. He's a liar to begin with. No matter how smart, educated, what more he is, he's a liar. Spoken word is your original seed. Um I think that should have been Oh, communion. Oh, we still we're still reading on. Sorry. The Bible says he is he's a liar, right? How holy his parents was or anything about it, he's a liar to begin with. That's pretty flat. In other words, brother is saying that's the brutal truth, right? Like Christ is saying you're a dog. But that's what God said. Uh-huh. Let every man's word be a lie and mine be true. anything that comes from his lips contrary to deny his word or put it in some other race or some other generation or whatever it is it is he's a liar. Okay. The message communion is paragraph 44 45 I was saying this taking for myself like you was going to say William Brandham well 40 years ago the William Brandham it isn't the same one tonight if somebody back there could si would say William Brham he was a rank rascal see because I was born of Charles and Ella Brandham in their nature I was a sinner I came to the world a liar and all the habits of the world laid right in me. There saints, here's the prophet telling you exactly what we've been telling you all this time today. Right? I came all the habits of the world laid in me. See, I just broke that statement down to you practically so you understood that you were groomed by lies that becomes a part of you cuz you're living in this world. Right? I'm I haven't been telling you psychology or anything other than breaking down the one statement there. Brother Mary's saying all the habits of the world laid right in me. I came to the world a liar. But down in there too, glory to God, was another nature present. See, predestinated was in there by God in the same body. See, two natures in there. Well, I only catered to one. As it growed, I gooed as a baby. Da da. First thing you know, I become a liar. Become everything else that's a sinner. Because I raised up that way. But down in there was a speck of life all the time. Glory to God. Saints, there's our hope. This is the truth, right? Being a believer, there is a gene seed in your soul, young people, that has been laying there dormant for many years. It is that sense inside of you. That's what we were telling the the little children at Sunday school. There's these two voices. See, again, we're telling you, brother Madam is telling there are two natures inside of you. And and one is tending to truth, one is tending to lies. And you've got whenever you're in a situation you are presented there are those two voices present. And it is that inside you even though you were brought up in this world of lies there's a sense inside you that warned you every time you lied and and there's that sense that makes you feel bad about it. Even though you go and you tell your friends I told them this and I did that but inside you something is saying you're not a good person. what you did there was not right. Some that that little something that little voice inside is telling you you shouldn't have done that. And if you didn't have it, you wouldn't feel bad about it. But because you have it, you know there's something inside there. There's some presence of God inside, some spirit of truth inside that's telling you you shouldn't have done that. You need to make this right. When you are born again is when the spirit of truth begins to grow in you. That little gene seed, that little speck of life starts to grow. And the more the truth grows, the more it's going to challenge you. The more it's going to convict you, the more it's going to make you change and break away from all those habits that's been laid in you. Like the prophet said, the spirit is constantly forcing you to be honest with your feelings, your intentions. And after years, it causes you to become so honest about everything because it makes it makes you a true worshipper. It makes you stand in church, close your eyes, forget about people around you. Right now, young people, you don't want to do that. You don't want to say amen. You don't want to raise your hands. You don't want to close your eyes and look a mess. You you want to protect an image. You want to protect something. You want to not look foolish. You want to not look like like uh somebody might criticize me for what I'm what I'm doing. You're trying to protect something. You're just succumbing to that nature. But one of these days, you're going to break out of that and you're going to raise your hand. You're going to say amen to the word. You're going to be somebody who's going to agree in your spirit and it's going to show out. You're going to break out crying and say, "Thank you, Lord, for speaking to me today." you you're going to you're going to become a worshipper one day that's going to just stand in God's presence and feel the rain of his holy spirit touching you and and falling down upon you and just going to raise your hand and say praise be to God hallelujah glory to God you are worthy to be praised you are going to be that person and you're going to break free and you're going to know that you're free that's because that little gene seed inside is growing and growing and it only grows because of truth because truth is presenting itself to you and filling you with light and all darkness is disappearing. Praise be to God. This spirit is constantly forcing you to be honest with your feelings and it's going to cause you to become so honest about everything because it makes you realize there is only one way that man should live and that is by the truth. Man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. You don't have time anymore young people. Why? Why are we speaking to you this way in this time? You just simply do not have time anymore. Um I had more time when I was growing up as a teenager. Um because the world was not as liberal around me. Uh not as free with sinfulness. But you will be deformed by lies much faster than I would have ever been in my day as a teenager. And even uh well my parents they I don't know they they had Woodstock and rock music and things like that and I I I didn't even live in that kind of time. So, um, I I did this before. As a quick comparison, when I was a child, if I had to go and watch a movie, I had to sneak into my neighbor's house to go watch a movie and and lie to my dad or something and go watch He-Man and the Masters of the Universe or something or, you know, whatever it was. Uh, and then come back and lie about it or or or either tell them the truth and, you know, and and and get a reprimanding or something. But you you can do I don't know I cannot even count how many movies you can do in less than one week or in one day. Uh where I would probably if I could sneak into my friend's house and try to watch a movie once a year when I was growing up as a teenager. Now, why am I telling you this is because all all of the movies that you watch, all that you consume on the internet today, don't don't kid yourself. It's so filled with lies and deception and manipulation and you don't realize how it's hurting your little fragile spirit and soul. Don't kid Don't kid yourself. Don't you go you go and watch all these stuff and don't think it's not affecting you. It's affecting you. I can see it affecting it's affecting your speech. It's affecting how you read the Bible, how you interpret the message, how your reactions with with people, your your the way you conduct yourself at work, the way you conduct yourself at school. I can see it. It's there. It's evident. It's affecting you. It's infiltrating you. It's making you become something that you're observing. your manner of speech, your your your actions, your manners toward other people, it's affecting you and you don't realize you're breeding it now. It's not even your parents and other people as much as what you are consuming. This is why I'm saying I I feel so bad for you and I feel terrified for you because I didn't grow up this with with what you are growing up with today and that the times have changed so much that you just don't have a chance. You don't have time to catch up after you've already been so badly bombarded and and damaged by what this world is throwing at you 24/7. Right? So, in closing, I want to I want to let you see why we are in the message. I'm not some duped brainwashed fool. I'm not here doing this because I get I get something out of it as in there's something that I gain. No, more than likely more people are going to hate me for what I'm what I say. More than likely more people are going to disregard and it's going to happen. Putting myself out on YouTube and stuff like that. Once the world gets hold of of this, once there are people out there in the world who get hold of our videos and then you're going to see it start. They're going to start labeling me a brandomite, a cult. Uh you're going to see it's going to happen. So far, it's just been message believers disagreeing with me. But once it's it starts to get to the public, it's just going to be an onslaught. You're going to see that I'm not going to get anything out of this. I'm going to get more rejection, more uh uh uh and and I don't care. And it's not about me cuz I know they're rejecting God's word. They're rejecting the truth. But the message brings the wisdom of truth to mankind. You are not going to find truth like this anywhere else in the world. You are not going to find truth outside of the Bible and the message of the hour. The spirit of lies deforms the nature of man, but the spirit of truth builds him up again. The spirit of truth heals the nature of man. The spirit of truth sets you free, but the spirit of lies deforms you. The more you follow the internet, the more you follow Hollywood, the more you follow all the worldly stuff that comes out, the more multi-personality disorder it's going to produce, the more you are going to be somebody else to your parents, somebody else to your siblings, somebody else to your boss, somebody else to your friends, somebody else to your people at church. You are going to have all these people and then you look in the mirror one day and you don't know who to be. You don't know who to choose from. Who am I really from all these people that I portray? Whereas when you take his word, you eat the book, you become him. When you become him, that's an identity. That's one identity. That's one identity you want to be. That's one identity you can live by. That's one identity that gives you a happy marriage. your children who respect you. People who are real friends with you. A boss who can respect you as someone who tells the truth and you and doesn't want to manipulate you, doesn't need to manipulate you. Friends who know they can always count on you. People who know they can always come to you, who you will always tell the truth and you will not manipulate them. You become a savior of the world. You become someone who passes on the bomb and Gilead who who is salvation to other people. That is an identity that somebody can recognize he is different. She is different to the rest of the world. That's this when when you look at our government. This the easiest example I can give you. Our governments feed lies to the public. Look at what happens when our governments give us legislature laws and they come on television or the radio or wherever put out articles in the internet and the information that they send out deforms the public. What am I trying to show you? How the lies deforms the public. They literally have the public fighting each other over what they feed them. They give it to you through CNN, the news, BBC, all these people. They they feed this stuff through. Listen, they've got young people fighting about Israel in what does Israel care about who you are? What does Gaza care about who you are here in South Africa? They don't care. They don't care ABOUT YOU. THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT your life, your feelings, your money. Yet, they've got people here fighting about that. You're wasting precious minutes of your life fighting about people who don't care tuppence about you. You're getting involved in issues that they are feeding lies. They are transforming you into puppets that they can use and you are falling for it for everything. Whether it's about trans rights, abortion, whatever it is in this world, they are getting you involved in their fight. They are manipulating you. And look at what the public is becoming. Angrier, deceptive, manipulative, violent, looting, breaking down stuff, burning things down. They're developing this fighting mentality. It's the easiest example I can show you. In every country in the world, it's just this unrest and and a dissatisfied spirits in their lives. And these young people are losing the time to form meaningful relationships, to find the the love of their lives, their soulmates, to build homes, to and they got stuck in this thing. In every age of time, prophets and messengers were sent to criticize, to condemn the behavior of society, to criticize the governments, to call out the liars and point the truth to the people. Why? Why do you think a prophet is necessary to do this to put us back on the right track? He was sent to teach us these things. Do you seriously think they are here for rules to keep us in a message church? So whatever uh whatever does it is the best. Whoever does who keeps the rules is the best. Is is that what you think the message is? Uh that whoever keeps these rules will make it in the rapture and escape hell. That's the biggest lie spun by message people. That's not what this message is about, saints. It is salvation from the spirit of lies itself. The devil himself who has planted himself in every subtle area corner uh uh plane of your life from the time you were a little child. building you up to be something that is unstable, filled with anxiety, filled with depression. That's what the spirit wants to achieve in this world in this Satan's Eden. And God sends prophets. Prophets who are uneducated, who can't even save themselves from something, prophets who are who have inability. And he gives them ability and and smacks the lies in the public and cuts things down. and and people reject them. But that's why he sends us those prophets. They are the salvation of mankind. And the word they bring is nothing else but the truth and what God has has meant for us to receive in this day. Saints, don't fall for the enemy's trap. Don't fall for the lies of telling you who God is. This person far away in the galaxy or the devil under the ground waiting for you to come to hell. No, it's happening right now. Right now among you. Right now around you and within you, there are those two natures at war. If you don't realize by now why you need salvation, why you need the message, why you need this the word of God, why you need to be in church, why you need the Holy Ghost, why you need the word more and more every single day, then you've missed everything that the message actually is in truth.
