################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-26 - The Throne Of God P4 The Most Holy Place P2 - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-26
Title:    The Throne Of God P4 | The Most Holy Place P2
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Sermon Clip
Duration: 1h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLQRdR4OlVs
========================================

Description:
The Throne of God Part 4: The Most Holy Place (Part 2)
In this powerful continuation of our series on the Throne of God, we enter the Most Holy Place to examine the single most important piece of furniture in the Tabernacle: The Ark of the Covenant.

Why was this wooden box overlaid with gold so mysterious? Why did the Philistines tremble at its presence, yet Israel suffer defeat even while carrying it? In this message, we explore the deep symbolism of the Ark—not as an idol to be used for convenience, but as a type of Christ and the Word in our lives.

Key Highlights in This Teaching:
The Three Realms of the Word: Understanding the Ark through the lens of the Written Word (wisdom), the Spoken Word (revelation/Pillar of Fire), and the Manifested Word (practice).

The Original Position: Discover why the Ark becomes ineffective when it is moved out of its God-ordained position. We look at the tragedy of Eli’s sons and why "policing" people with the Word often leads to defeat rather than victory.

Humanity Overlaid with Deity: A breakdown of the Shittim (Acacia) wood and the Pure Gold, representing our humble humanity covered by the nature of God.

The Ark in Your Soul: Moving the Word from the "Outer Court" (flesh/rules) and the "Inner Court" (intellect/arguments) into the Most Holy Place of the soul.

"Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee." — Psalm 119:11

Reflection Questions:
Is the Word currently an "outer court" rule for you, or a "soul-deep" conviction?

Are you trying to fight your "Philistines" using the Word as a lucky charm, or are you resting in the presence of the Lord?

Scripture References:
Exodus 25:10-22 (The construction of the Ark)

1 Samuel 4:2-8 (The Ark in battle)

Romans 7:8-11 (The Law and the flesh)

Psalm 119:11 (Hiding the Word in the heart)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0:00 – Greeting and Introduction to the Most Holy Place
1:06 – Scripture Readi...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I greet you all in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And once again, a real privilege to be speaking the word of the Lord to the to the bride people of God who he has saved by his grace and brought us to the glory of this message. It's really um been the privilege of my life to be serving God's people and I trust that you have been blessed by the word and constantly living in it. And we are getting into a beautiful subject today which uh really has blessed my soul. We're dealing with the throne of God and this is part four and we're dealing with the most holy place part two and we're going to be talking about the ark of the covenant. So that's our subject. And for the title, the Lord's presence, we're going to begin with the scripture reading from Exodus chapter 25 verse 10 to 11 and also verse 16-22. And they shall make an ark out of shitim wood. Two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof. And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, within and without shalt thou lay it, and shall make upon it a crown of gold roundabout. Verse 16. And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee. And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold. Two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breath thereof. And thou shalt make two cherubams of gold. Of beaten work shalt thou make them in the two ends of the mercy seat. and make one cherub on the one end and the other cherub on the other end. Even of the mercy seat shall you make the cherubams on the two ends thereof. And the cherubams shall stretch forth their wings and high covering the mercy seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another. Toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubams be. And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon above upon the ark, and in the ark shalt thou put the testimony that I shall give thee. And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cherubams, which are upon the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel. May the Lord add a blessing to the word of God. So we have started in this series to focus on the most holy place first. We want to examine the innermost part of the tabernacle first and then move outwards. So looking at the most holy place, there is one piece of furniture inside and that is the ark of the covenant. It was called the ark of the covenant or the ark of the testimony. The testimony meaning the law and the ark of the lord was also called the ark of the lord. There was a lot of mystery around this little wooden box overlaid with gold that troubled the Canaanites in the age of Moses and Joshua. Why was this ark so mysterious? And what was so special about it that it needed to be protected and kept the way it was on the move and even when it was at rest. For those of you who would have read the scriptures, you would know that this ark was wrapped in cloth scarlet and skins and uh was and had to be carried by the priesthood on their shoulders. And when the ark was moving, all the people had to be packed and also moving. And when they stopped, the first thing they would do is put the ark in a place chosen for the tabernacle. They would build the most holy place around the ark. Then they would take the coverings off the ark because the ark was now sealed from the public view. Then they would build the inner court out and then place the furniture in. And then lastly, they would build the outer court around that. So they would start from the inside moving outwards. And then when they would pack up to leave again, they would start from the outside breaking everything down, removing the outer court, removing the inner court, and finally removing the most holy place. But just before moving the most holy place, they would cover the ark completely so that it would be blocked from view of the public. It was always kept in a mysterious way. So only when it was required for the public to see it was at times like the battle of Jericho and so on when um the presence of the Lord had to be felt by the enemy and so on. So we're going to get to talk to some of talk about some of these things um a little later. So again, why was this ark so mysterious and what was so special about it that it needed to be protected? Uh either when it was on the move or when it was at rest. So firstly, the word ark in English word uh and in the original Hebrew, it simply means a chest or a coffer. Coffer is an English word from where you also get the word coffin. So a coffer is basically a box that you can preserve something precious in a box that you put treasure in. So ark simply means a box that you can preserve something precious within. Now hold that in your mind because when we talk about how this applies to us then this is very important to understand. There are many things that happened that we know about the ark in the Bible. So if you followed the story of this ark uh from the time of its creation till the time of Christ uh you find many things that took place with that. For example, I'm I'm just going to put uh eight points down uh for a particular reason. Numbers 10 and 33-36. Point number one, in Numbers 10:33-36, when Israel was unsure of their way, the ark went before them. Number two, Joshua 3. When Israel crossed the river Jordan, the ark went before them and stood still in the midst of the river. The waters parted at the presence of the ark. After all the people had crossed, the ark was carried to the other shore. Then the waters closed again. Number three, in Joshua 6, the ark went before them at the downfall of Jericho. six times. Six days, one time around uh Jericho and on the seventh day, seven times around Jericho, and the ark went before them. Number four, 1st Samuel 4:6 and 7. Neighboring nations thought that the ark was the God of Israel because of how the people shout in praise when the ark came into sight. Number five, 1st Samuel 5:7. The Philistines capture the ark after defeating Israel, but soon were relieved to be rid of it after 7 days. 2 Samuel 6. Usuza is killed when he touches the ark while trying to save it from falling. Number seven, 2 Samuel 6. David strips off his kingly garments and dances before the ark as it enters Jerusalem. And number eight, the ark was not seen again after the temple was destroyed by the Babylonians. But people of all other religions had already began to have their own chests or arks which became idols and soon the ark of the testimony was just deemed another idol. In fact, this is not in my notes, but you can read it in the histories. They developed the countries around developed what was called an ark cult because Israel was carrying this ark. Other nations decided to do similar things and built up things like this and mysterious looking things as arcs to their gods and so on. So, it became a bit of an arc cult during that time. Now, from the time the ark was created, it was never meant to be an idol. It was only meant to be a symbol of the presence of the Lord. What does that mean? That means that the ark was built to make the people recognize the presence of the Lord. So that when the ark was seen, the people were conscious. And this would only be necessary because people's minds always drift and it seems to be the nature of fallen humans that they get so busy with their lives that they tend to forget that the Lord is present. So this ark was meant to be a reminder of the presence of the Lord to bring people's attention that he is here. Behave yourself wisely and so on. Now when people began to idolize this ark, it lost its effectiveness in the later years of its manifestation. So because of ark cults going on and the way Israel handled this ark and how they eventually revered it so much, um they took an obsession to it and they went overboard with this um belief in the ark in in the sense of idolizing the ark and forgetting the symbolism. Now there is scriptural proof for that because the ark lost its significance and its effectiveness. When I say that I mean it failed to work in the favor of Israel in the later years of its manifestation. So I want to show you the scriptural proof and just to tell you about it before we get there. In 1st Samuel 4 when Israel went out to fight the Philistines, they became so confident when the ark was brought in amongst them. Uh that is the Israelites became confident when the ark was brought in amongst them. And then the Philistines were terrified cuz they heard the people of Israel shouting and they knew that the ark was there among them. But the very same day the uh the the the people of Israel were defeated by the Philistines and the ark was taken captive. So the question is why didn't it work for them? So let's read 1st Samuel 4 2:4. And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel. And when they joined the battle, Israel was smitten before the Philistines, and they slew with the army in the field about 4,000 men. And when the people were coming to the camp, the elders of Israel said, "Wherefore hath the Lord smitten us today before the Philistines? Let us fetch the ark of the covenant of the Lord out of Shiloh unto us, that when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of our enemies. Now, watch their motive for bringing the ark. They were losing the battle to the Philistines. They were not asking the question, why are we losing to the Philistines right now? The solution, this is so uh common to fallen man. The solution they felt was to bring the ark out of Shiloh among their army because they believed that that would help them defeat the enemy. Verse four. So the people sent to Shiloh that they might bring from then the ark of the covenant of the Lord of hosts which dwelleth between the cherubams and the two sons of Eli Hoffne and Phineas were there with the ark of the covenant of God. So if you follow the the scriptures, you'll realize that this was the end of the days of the judges and Eli's sons Hoffne and Finez were already a corrupt ministry. Uh and the Lord was going to judge the house of Eli and Eli was a type of Pentecost. So you can actually see uh in types which we will not get into now but that Pentecost had brought the ark out of its original position and where it should be. And when they brought this ark out they were expecting it to save them as it had done before. But they had brought it out of the tabernacle which was not the will of God. So when the ark came in and the people saw the ark, they worshiped God, they praised so loudly, they shouted so loudly that they frightened the the Philistines. And the Philistines were terrified. Right? Let's read 1st Samuel 4:6 to8. And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout, they said, "What meanth the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews? And they understood that the ark of the Lord was come into the camp. That means they were made aware like spies were had gotten there and told them the ark of the covenant has come into the camp. Verse 7. And the Philistines were afraid for they said God is come into the camp and they said woe unto us for there hath not been such a thing here to fall. That means something like this has never happened to us before. Verse eight, woe unto us who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty gods. These are the gods that smokeote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the in the wilderness. So I want you to see something. The enemy recognized and respected the presence of God. When the enemy saw the ark of the covenant coming into the camp of Israel, the enemy recognized the symbolism of the ark, the enemy recognized the presence of God, right? And yet Israel was still defeated that day. Now, this was really confusing for Israel because of their immaturity. Much like the people today in the message, this shows us that the ark is only meant to be a symbol to bring revelation but not to be idolized. Right? By idolizing it, they lost the awareness of the presence of God and they lost the battle. Right? On the other hand, the Philistines recognized the presence of God in the ark and it caused them to fight with more revelation and they won obviously. So the ark cannot be used for convenience. It will not produce the results you desire. See with the Israelites by idolizing it they lost the awareness of the presence of God. Listen, what what was supposed to have happened when the Israelites came to battle the Philistines, they should have realized, we don't need to bring the ark among us because we recognize the presence of God already among us. So they brought the ark away from Shiloh to themselves because they could not see the presence of God among themselves and that was the problem. So let's talk about the symbolism of the tabernacle and the ark here. Now every part of the tabernacle of Moses was meant to be symbolic of something. And that's where our series is taking us. And every part of the tabernacle of Moses was symbolic, but it was never meant to become something that was made into an idol. It was never made they were never made to be idol. So not not the candlesticks, not the showbread, table of showbread, not the altars. None of the things that pertain to the tabernacle should have become idols. For example, the ephit, we know that becomes an idol later uh in the time of the judges. So if the Israelites were supposed to see the significance of every symbol of the tabernacle, then how much more us? If we look at this tabernacle. Now, um, for those of you who read the book of Hebrews, you will see that Paul takes, um, several chapters to explain the symbolism of the tabernacle in the wilderness. And then he types it into Christ to show how all that they had in the tabernacle, we've seen in Christ. Okay? So, I'm going to get into that much later in this series, but I just want to bring to your attention that we need to see the much more in the symbolism than Israel was supposed to recognize in their day. Right? So, it was not meant to be worshiped or idolized, but recognized as the presence of God. That's what the ark was meant to be to the children of Israel. Now, understanding this brings a better understanding of the Lord Jesus's position in the Godhead. Everything in a tabernacle pointed to Christ, to him. In him, in Christ, we see the courts, the veil, the altars, the table of showbread, the candlesticks, the priesthood, the prophet, the sacrifice, the blood of the sacrifice, the labor, the the water in the labor, the shakina glory of the Lord, and the ark. When we look at Christ, we see the entire tabernacle in this one man. Amen. Now looking at him as the ark, we can see how that not all who claim to have him or know him will have God amongst them the way they would like to. Just like the Israelites and then later the Philistines, right? What am I saying? You've got people in this world who claim to have Christ. Okay? But if they don't have Christ where he's supposed to be, they can claim to have Christ among their armies and still be destroyed and defeated spiritually. I mean, right? And then, of course, you know the story with the Philistines. They took the ark into their cities. They put the ark in their um uh greatest temple and they the next day they came back and their god was falling flat on his face and they're also um they all started developing a disease, a terrible disease and they realized it was because this ark was there with them and the only way they were going to be healed was to get rid of this ark from them. Which means these heathens recognized that the ark was not in its rightful place. And because it was not in its rightful place, it was doing things that were unexpected and not what they desired. And they realized it has to go back to its normal place or else mankind is going to be in trouble. Right? So in the same way with Christ, Christ cannot be idolized as the denominations did, as the Catholic Church did. They made him an idol. Look at this. Crucifixes, pictures, stained glass windows, um, statues of Christ. They have turned Christ into an idol. And when you do that, he loses he who he is. That effectiveness of who he is is lost to mankind and eventually hurts them and causes them to become defeated. Right? So we need to understand that he was to be recognized as the presence of the Lord or that God had come, that Messiah had come or that God was present in him. Amen. But if he was the ark, then what was it about him that made him an ark? Why was he an ark? What does it take to be an ark? Notice brother Vandom teaches us that the ark always represented the word. We can apply it in crossing the Jordan in many other places. But how does it apply in our day? That's what we want to see. Let's go to this message blind bottomas preached 1956 14th of April and paragraph 23 says oh I remember when I was a little boy mother taking me down there one day and showing me these stones that they taken up the bearers of the ark the ones that followed pick it up picked up stones and laid them on the ground and there there yet or if I would have only lived then wouldn't that have been wonderful if I could lived in the day when those great god took this pillar of by and crossed over the Jordan and the ark of the Lord representing the word come behind the spirit and word together. What a great thing that was. But well, those days are gone. They tell me miracles don't happen no more. And how I remember how she used to tell me that some glorious day we'd be visiting again. But oh, it must be way in the future. Maybe my great great great grandchildren might see it. But not I, a poor blind beggar. when that great mighty Messiah shall set his feet on the earth. Little did he know that within 150 yards he was standing. That's what I think tonight. Many of you try to wonder as brother Brandham saying someday somewhere but that Messiah isn't 5 ft away from you tonight right here with you. So there are some important important things uh to notice here. First is that the ark is a symbol of the word. Notice brother Ram says the ark of the Lord representing the word. And then he said the pillar of fire going across over Jordan. The ark representing the word. He speaks of the spirit and the word being together. Now this is very important. This pillar of fire and this ark are connected. Right? So um the pillar of fire moved with the ark. That's the beautiful part of the symbol here. Brother Graham said it's the spirit and the word moving together. Spirit and the word moves together. Take note of that saints. So we know that the pillar of fire in the Bible is the logos or the spoken word form of God or the spirit form of the word. Now lastly, recognizing the presence of the Lord was always a problem for man. In Christ's day, they could not see him when he was just a few yards away. So will it be today. The same Messiah is unrecognized when he's standing amongst us because we cannot see or recognize the ark in our day. That's because people fail to see the ark in their day. They cannot identify it because so many people have made their own arcs. Amen. In this message trying to do God a service u paragraph 83 preached 1965 18th of July brother Brandon said notice the ark was the word. We know that's right cuz the ark is Christ and Christ is the word. the ark or the word was not put in its first ordained original ordained position or don't fail to get this church. All right? So notice this. The ark is ineffective. So brother Venom says the ark or the word was not put in its first ordained original ordained position. This is something we need to really take note of. That's what we're predominantly going to be talking of in this series or rather in this um this uh subject today. The ark has to be in its original position for it to be effective. Right? Notice the ark is effective is ineffective if it's not in its original position. For it to be effective, it must be in its rightful place, performing its rightful purpose. Right? Like the Israelites taking the ark into battle with them by a corrupt priesthood, the ark should have remained behind the veil. It would have served them better from there. See, they should have recognized the presence of God while the ark was still behind the veil in the tabernacle at Shiloh. And they should not have thought that they needed to bring it to them for God to be with them. Amen. Isn't that exactly how people think today? Right? And look, I don't um condemn people when they ask for certain things. You know, you ask for hands to be laid on you, ask for prayer cloth, you ask for anointing oil. There are many things that that the church uses today as tradition. But those are the things that are just reminders for when you are weak in faith to remind you of the presence of God. But rightfully, brother Baram tells us this in the message. If you really believe the Lord, you don't even need to be in the healing line. You don't need hands laid on you. Just need to believe. And this is the condition in a day like this. In a time like this, people are still believing that they need something physical, something physical to see, something physical to be brought in before them, something physical to be done, something to be laid on them for them to have God give them the victory. And what this indicates when a person is desiring that is that they are not recognizing the presence of God with them. Right? They uh and that's why it is ineffective to them. Now what they did was an indication Israel what they did was an indication that they had stopped seeing the true power of God. Instead they showed that their faith in it was as faith in an idol and they lost that war. right now. Trying to do God a service without it being his will. 1965 27th of November. Paragraph 231. Watch. The prophet says, "The ark in the Bible always is a type of the word to us because it was the word of God in the ark." The word of God in the ark. Notice the ark that they brought up. I'm still reading. Look how they did it. It was not put in its original God orained position. Now God said back here in the law that it must how must it be how it must be done how this ark must be moved and who it must be moved by. But David under his anointing. See so here's a situation where God is pre brother is preaching trying to do God a service without it being his will. and he's talking about how they were moving the ark um in their own thinking that it was going to help them. But he's he's nailing this particular point down that this ark was not in its god orained position in its original god orained position. So therefore the prophet is saying it must be in its god orained position. Notice an important observation is the testimony that is the commandments the law of Moses that is in the ark that makes the ark the word. Now what if the testimony is not in the ark? Is the ark still a type of the word? Absolutely not. Right? And this is this is absolutely significant for you to recognize in the spiritual understanding of this type. Okay? If the word the written word is not beneath that mercy seat, then that ark is just an empty box. Because what is an ark? It is a box that can hold something precious inside. Let's read this message. the ark preached 1955 22nd of May paragraph 134 over in the Old Testament he said I'm reading now you shall make an ark and he specified the wood acacia wood or you can make it out of this wood it's called in the Bible shitim wood but it's really called acacia wood and you can make it the same thing the ark and said you shall make it and overlay it with gold watch that ark see if If it typed Christ, notice it typed every time. Noah was a type of Christ making a way. So was Moses. Now watch the ark of the covenant. He said, he said, "You shall make it out of acacia wood and overlay it with gold." Anyone who knows the scripture knows that the gold speaks of deity and wood speaks of humanity. See, he said, "You shall cover it, overlay it with gold over the wood." That's deity over the wood, Christ over the church inside and out, deity overlaid. So now I know you've heard this before. I've heard many preachers in my lifetime talk about this and it's a very important a very uh beautiful thing to talk about. That is humanity covered by deity. And that is basically this this cheap porous uh common wood called acacia or in that time shitim wood. And um this wood was then overlaid with gold to create these um beautiful boxes and uh um um sculptures and so on. So this um brother Maron said this wood typed humanity right because it was not of any precious substance. It was a common wood. It was porous. Um so that means it could soak something in. So it was really a very cheap and common wood was aacia. And then when you overlaid it with gold it became something precious. And that's the type that he used to express uh what man ought to be. And and this very ark was made with this uh uh in this manner. And this is important because it shows that the ark is made of humble simple material yet covered by holiness or the nature of God. righteousness covered by revelation. Okay. Human ability covered by the power of God. That's now what's more important is that without all these things in their right order or position, God would not be able to make his presence known. Or rather, he would not make his presence known. See, without all the specifications being kept regarding this ark, where it ought to be behind the veil in the most holy place and so on, without these specifications, God would not make his presence known. So let's remember all of this has to do where it must be, where the ark must be, how the tabernacle must be built, how the ark must be made, what kind of wood overlaying it with gold, how the cherubams must be built, how the the mercy seat must be built. All this has to do with God's presence being recognized. All right. So I want to bring something now getting into the second half of this teaching. I want to bring something in here to bring to your attention. There are three forms of the word. Okay, three forms. Number one, the written word. Now, what is written word? Written word is recorded word, which means it's word from the past. So, written word or word of the past was placed inside the ark under the mercy seat. Okay. Number two, another type of the word is spoken word. Now spoken word is just think about it. If written word was word of the past and it was recorded word, spoken word is that which is spoken in the present. It is word of the present. It is revelation. In other words, word revealed in this very hour. Okay? And that was typed by the pillar of fire because the pillar of fire was present shakina glory. Right? So written word was placed inside the ark. Watch how this works. When the written word is inside the ark, the pillar of fire descends upon the mercy seat above the mercy seat above the written word and rests between the wings of the cherubams. Right? So, revelation word of present day word descends and becomes the capstone of the written word that is beneath it. Beautiful, isn't it? Then number three is manifested word. And what is manifested word? Manifested word is practiced word. That is word made visible. So written word containing wisdom, spoken word containing revelation. The two come together and then what is this? This is the wood overlaid with gold. Humanity anointed with nature of God producing a specific set of characteristics. So we've got written word, spoken word leading to manifested word. Now this shows us that the entire ark forms the word in all its realms. Okay. What is everything to do with this ark? The fact that it had written word inside pillar of fire descending upon it and because it was made with shitim wood overlaid with gold. This ark had in it all three manifestations or symbolic manifestations of the word. It had written word, spoken word, manifested word in its representation. [clears throat] So this golden box is basically useless without the written word inside. Look at all the symbology there. Okay? There can be no revelation of the written word unless the logos descends upon it to make it alive. Notice in Jesus, we see everything here in him. Jesus had the word, the written word in him. How do we know? Jesus at the temple at 12 began to teach the written word to those people around him. And the people were asking, the great leaders, they were asking, "How does this child know these things?" That's because that written word was within him, right? He had to be in the proper order, right? So, first he had the written word and we saw the manifestation of the written word in him. He knew the scriptures before coming to Matthew chapter 3 when the the logos descends like a spirit um uh descends upon him in the spirit like unto a dove. So, we see him coming his humanity overlaid with gold. On the inside he has a representation of all the written word and then we see the logos descending upon him completing the full manifestation of the art. Right? Finally we see that his body was humble even unto death. That's the humanity the right humanity. Yet he said my words that I speak unto you they are spirit and life. What is that? Revelation and manifestation, okay? Pillar of fire and the written word and his entire manifestation of it makes him the ark. So his body was simple with no beauty that we should desire him. Is that right? Perfect acacia wood, common, looking like any other man, but overlaid with gold. No beauty that we should desire him. [clears throat] Yet his body was sanctified and kept away from sin. So the ark in all senses symbolize the word, written word, spirit and manifestation. Now how can we find such a thing today? Can we find such a thing today amongst the people of God? Let's read this uh a quote from the presence of God unrecognized preached 1964 18th of June and it says paragraphs 173 you know what's the trouble today brother Maram is saying there's people many people with the people that belongs and just go to church and have a creed see they have seen so much just false so much just statues and so much big fine buildings and and we let's not let's not never get off in that kind of a tantrum. See, God don't dwell in big buildings. He dwells in your heart. See, God don't dwell in intellectual education. He's far from it. Watch the saints. Brother Mar is saying that God does not dwell in your mind, in your intellect. He's pointing to past the spirit realm. God doesn't dwell even in your spirit realm. He says he dwells in humility in your heart. Problem 474. He dwells in his word and his word comes into your heart and speaks itself out and declare. Glory to God. Amen. He interprets his own word to you or through you rather. He interprets his own word through you. He's [clears throat] trying to find somebody he can get a hold of to show that he is still God. What What's this saying? He's trying to get somebody that he can get a hold of to make his presence known. Right? We're talking about the Lord's presence. And he is he will do that if he can just get somebody he can speak to. If he can get another woman with the blood issue, he can he can still speak the same thing. He can still do the same thing, making known, declaring we're in the presence of God, not recognize it. So, in conclusion, how much more can this apply to us and what are the conditions surrounding it? Right? H how can we take what we've just looked at a few simple points that we've just looked at so quickly in um the first part of this teaching. How can we take this now and apply this to us? Look at what brother Maram says. God does not dwell in your education in your intellectual education. He's far from it. He dwells in your heart. Right? He dwells in humility in your heart. Just think about that. He dwells in humility in your heart. That means if there's no humility in your heart, God cannot dwell in it. Right? So let's read and I want to read this amazing Psalm 119 11. One little verse. Watch this verse. Thy word have I hid in mine heart that I might not sin against thee. The first thing to notice [clears throat] is that the ark is not your body which is your flesh. Right? You don't need revelation for that. The ark is not your body which is your flesh. Usually when you talk about being the ark, we imagine that our body is the box, the humanity that is overlaid with gold and the Holy Ghost anointing is the gold overlaying it. That's false. Remember the symbology. The body is the outer court. The ark is something mysterious that must be kept inside your soul. Right saints? The ark is part of your humanity that exists inside your soul. Amen. When so when he speaks of humanity, he's not talking about this this common flesh. This flesh is common. Yes. But this flesh is corrupt. It's um it can never be used in the in the context of aacia word, right? When referring to your humanity, there is a part of your your humanity that that lives inside that soul and that's the part that God wants to see because that's the part that he can dwell in. Right? So this ark inside your soul, it is a part of your humanity. your humanity that exists inside your soul that has this this humanity in your soul has the ability to hold within it the written word of God. Right? Now notice this. You can read the Bible and you can hold the the the the memory of the written word in your brain, in your mind, and you can remember scriptures and you can quote scriptures and you can talk about things and you can hold certain things that you've read in your memory, but that's not the soul. That's not the ark. The ark does not abide in that inner court. Neither does it abide in the outer court. There's something in your heart that holds the word within it in the in the essence of the written word. Amen, saints. In the essence of the written word, right? It holds the written word of God in its essence, not in interpretation, not in memory, in essence. Now having said that the problems Christians face uh that they try to behave um like Israel and they they try to bring the ark out into the spirit realm and the body realm. So we've already learned this lesson. What happens when the ark is out of place? It doesn't function according to the way it should and definitely not according to how you would like it to. Right? The ark only comes out when the tabernacle is not built up when the people are on the move. But if the tabernacle is built up, no one has the right to bring the ark outside of their own accord. Right? That's the that's what we learned in this teaching. Now, how do we apply this? What does it mean to us? We constantly try, brothers and sisters, to put the written word in our body realm. And that's a big mistake. We constantly try to put it in our body realm to show that we keep the law by our strength, keeping laws and standards. And what's the result? You will soon be destroyed by your Philistines. Why? Because the more you challenge the body realm with the written word, the more it gives incentive to the weakness of the flesh. Do we have scripture for this? Well, absolutely. Romans 7:8-11, Paul is giving this beautiful teaching in Romans 7 concerning sin and the law. Verse 8-11, but sin taken occasion by the commandment wrought in me all manner of concupisence. So Paul is openly admitting that sin took occasion by the written word to cause in to bring about in me all manner of uncleanness and uh um filth or uh incorrect immoral kind of uh um um thoughts, desires, feelings, right? And he says, "For without the law, sin was dead." Verse 9, "For I was alive without the law once, but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died." Verse 10, "And the commandment which was ordained to life, I found to be unto death." So he's saying, "The law which was supposed to liberate me and set me free, I found it. It killed me. It destroyed me. Verse 11 gives us the clue. For sin taking occasion by the commandment deceived me and by it slew me. So sin, that's our enemy, right? Taking occasion, in other words, taking advantage of the knowledge of the written word deceived me. How does it deceive me? It caused me to lose my correct vision and thereby slew me, destroyed me, defeated me. So Paul's speaking in a kind of parable but delivering a great teaching here. He's simply saying that when I tried to live the law by my own strength, that is in my body realm, sin took advantage of that law and made me worse than I was than I ever were before. Let's apply this to our live saints as we close this down. To us in the message, much to our discredit and shame, taking the revelation of the word and policing people by it, enforcing a code of behavior and conduct, enforcing laws of marriages, relationships, cood, dressing, etc. We caused more backsliding, more gross failures, low self-esteem in our people and fake living. We caused more fake living than helping our people to become overcomers. I will say this that I believe that God allowed it to happen so we could learn the value of how to deal with the truth, of how to deal with the written word. Let's face it, the written word that we received in our day was the message of of the prophet. That was the written word that was given to us in all the message books and the tapes and we took it and we applied it but in the wrong court. What we should have done was teach our people what it means to have the ark in our souls and do as David did. Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee. We took it and placed it on the outer court realm. The inner court realm that means the wonderful beautiful written word of the scriptures and the message saints was not meant to be something fleshed around on the outside which uplifted the abilities of men and women. Right? What do I mean? When you took the this beautiful written word of the scriptures and the message and you applied it in the outer court, surely the the people who began to get the most respect were [clears throat] people who grew up in forms of life where they were they were well trained. They came from good backgrounds. They came from good understandings uh and they were able to take the message and they uh were able to in inverted commas live the life. They were able to keep rules very well. And what this did was it uplifted the pride of these men and women and those who came from you know terrible neighborhoods and bad situations and horrible pasts. They struggled to keep this beautiful written word and the of scriptures and message. They struggled to keep it in their outer court because that's where they were taught to keep it. Right? Then even worse, this beautiful written word was not meant to be fleshed around in the minds of intellectual ministers to show how sharp they are to argue revelation to prove doctrinal teaching. No saints, it was meant to be held in a humble heart, a humble soul, in the essence of the word. Amen. where the logos could descend on it and confirm the presence of the Lord. Saints, anyone can tell you when you took the written word of this message and put it in your outer court, you can never tell me that the logos descended upon it. The logos is not going to descend upon that mercy seat if that ark is not in its rightful god orained original place. That's why many people go through the message and only find that God starts to become real to them so late in their lives. All right? So only then when it's in a humble heart and a soul and the the person's being you and I have taken the written word in its essence not in intellectualism but in its essence and when that logos descends into our soul it confirms the presence of God and only then does a true manifestation of the word take place vindicating the presence of God and the purpose of the word being in that vessel. What does that mean? Only then when that logos descends into the heart and soul of the believer, only then does the life of that believer become a true manifestation. Prior to that, it's a fake manifestation. The last quote here from God has a provided way. We're going to read this and then we can close this off. This an absolutely wonderful quote. God is a provider. We preach 1954, 4th of April, paragraph 65. Brother Brandham quotes the scripture we read Psalm 119:11. Thy word have I hid in my heart, oh Lord. Brother Bram says, David, and then he speaks. Brother Ram speaks to the church. Listen to these words, saints. Hide God's word away in your heart and then God will keep that word. God has to keep his word. Listen saints. He says God doesn't have to heal to prove his power, but he has to heal to keep his word. That's right. God don't have to prove nothing. He's God. But what he speaks, he's obligated to his word. So are you and I obligated to our word. And God's obligated to his word. So I I just want to bring this in. When the ark is held in its rightful place, saints, you will never expect God to prove himself. You will never have the nature to expect God to prove himself to you. See, when we've got people and we ourselves who ask the question, where was God when this happened? Where was God when this happened? How can you even ask a question, where was God when this happened? Why could you not recognize the presence of God? Why could you not recognize the presence of the Lord? And you wanted basically what your your carnal flesh wanted was to pull the ark out into a visible place into a public place because you felt like the only way you were going to be believe God is if something physical happened before your eyes. Saints, the tabernacle has been successfully set up by the apostles, the founders of the Christian church and the reformers through the church ages. Christianity helped put the tabernacle together. Next came in the seven church age the Elijah who turned our hearts back to the original faith. He Elijah built up our most holy place and cleansed it and sanctified it to receive the open book. He challenged our motives, our objectives, our seat of desires, our ambitions and our purpose. He softened our heart and left it clean with a yearning and a thirsting and a hungering for the fountain of life. Then the third pull ministry brought the ark back to us. There is no need for us to be mishandling the word anymore, saints, and leaving it to fall into the hands of our Philistines. So what does it mean to hold the word in your heart? In closing, if you are holding the word out of fear of what people say and to make a statement to people for recognition, you are holding the word in the outer court. [clears throat] If you are holding the word out of fear that you might not make the translation or to try to match your knowledge of the word with fellow believers, then you are holding the ark in the inner court. And if in those two cases that is how you are living your life right now, you are heading for absolute misery if you haven't been through it already. But saints, if the word is your influence for how you think, that is, if it's a lamp unto your feet and a light unto your path, if it's the influence of how you live your life, if you hold the word just so you can enjoy feasting in its wisdom and its truth, if it directs the way you think and feel beyond the peer pressure of the world, if you don't care what people think or feel because you live your life by conviction. If you live without doubt of who you are, if you live your daily life not using the word critically against other believers, then you are holding the word in your soul. Then it has found its place of rest. If your greatest love is to read the word of God and hear the open book being preached, if you have a knack of stating things right by the word and it's being vindicated by other believers that what you said was right, if the way your life you the way you live your life and you make your decisions are admired and sought after by those that are in trouble or in need. If you have happiness in your soul amidst the worst of trials, then it means the logos has descended upon your ark in your soul and your tabernacle is manifesting the wisdom of the written word. Also then saints, every time you read the message of the prophet, hallelujah, the cloud will descend into the gates of your tabernacle and shut all other influences of confusion out and the spoken word will be communed in the most holy place. The Lord's presence will be felt by your whole tabernacle and others will know that he is here. without you having to tell them or prove it to them. Remember the Bible says when Moses went into the holiest of holies to commune with the Lord, the cloud came and stood in the door of the tabernacle. That's what I mean. When you take the message of the word of this day, when you take the revealed word of the Lord, the message of the prophet for this day, it is the prophet going into the the most holy place, the cloud will descend in the gates of the tabernacle, shutting off your entire being from influences, from confusion, and the spoken word, which is revelation, will be communed in your most holy place. Amen. And that will cause the Lord's presence to be felt in the whole tabernacle. That is what you want, saints. That is what I want. That is what we desire with all that is within us. What we find is when we study what this ark is and how it was supposed to be handled, the mystery of of how it was supposed to be dealt with. We realize the mistakes that we make in our lives, they're all self-inflicted. The things we bring upon ourselves, the decisions we make, the life paths that we choose is because we thought we were going into problems, we use the name of Jesus Christ, we use the traditions of Christianity, we use prayer, we use fasting and prayer, we use going to church. all intellectually putting the word in the outer court and sometimes in the inner court and expecting to destroy our Philistines. But according to the word that only makes the Philistines stronger because those Philistines actually recognize instantly the presence of the Lord. I mean, just take an example. When Christ hit the shores of Galilee and that maniac of Gdara came rushing down, all the the people around didn't recognize who Christ was. But this demon-possessed man, why? Because the demons recognize him straight away. They came straight to him and said, "Jesus, thou son of God, what have you do with whatever we to do with thee? Why have you come to torment us before before our time?" And that's exactly what happens when the word is the written word is placed in your articort and it challenges the Philistines. The the Philistines feel the presence of the Lord first. They know it's their time. They're being judged. They're going to become in in incensed. They want to fight back with all their strength. And that's what happens. We feel ourselves being overtaken because we've got the ark not in its god orained position. Saints, let's look at this. Look at our lives with deep, deep eyes of revelation and understanding and let's do the right thing. Let's break all the traditions of the past. It's not too late to say I want to change it. I want to change how I thought before. I want to change my whole church. I want to change my whole family. I want to I want to I want to admit where I went wrong. I want to put the ark in the right place because I know that when I put it in the right place, then the logos is going to descend upon the mercy seat and I will feel the presence of the Lord in my entire tabernacle. And then I will find that I am manifesting my true purpose. And then I'm really living the life. I'm living the message. I'm living the word according to how it's supposed to. I'm not faking it anymore. Prayer means far more to me. Live uh living a genuine life before the people means far more to me. Reading the word is an absolute the greatest pleasure. There's nothing I live for more than to hear the open book being preached. Nothing excites my soul anymore than just this. And you can't fake this. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Saints, I trust then this will bless your heart. This will help us when you pray together and you remember the things that were spoken today. Make sure your heart is sincere, contrite. Don't just talk about it. Don't just consider it. Do something about it. Take the ark into the most holy place. Amen. And amen. May the Lord bless you till the next time.
