################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-30 - Q&A on Incarnate Angels and Bypassing Theophany - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-30
Title:    Q&A on Incarnate Angels and Bypassing Theophany - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFWPMJFr8O8
========================================

Description:
Sunday 28 September 2025
Q&A on Incarnate Angels and Bypassing Theophany - Br Allistair Francis

00:00 - Scripture Reading
06:47 - Question 1
13:46 - Quote 1
53:33 - Question 2
01:01:10 - Quote 2
01:12:26 - Question 3
01:19:59 - Quote 3
01:27:12 - Quote 4
01:37:55 - Quote 5
01:42:42 - Quote 6
01:45:43 - Quote 7
01:50:32 - Question 4

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. While you're standing, we're going to read Revelations 12 7 to8. A simple little scripture. Revelations 12 7 to8. And there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon. And the dragon fought and his angels and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. The Lord add a blessing to his word. You may be seated. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Good to be with you this morning, saints, and greetings in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Good to have Kino back with us and all healed up. And so we um thankful to God for his healing virtue. And um uh yeah, we just keep the little ones in prayer that uh brother Theo's little boy. And um I trust that we will all be back to normal soon. And we know it's we've reached this uh season here in Durban where it's allergies and flu and it's like a like a repeating cycle and um so yeah, just protect yourself. But uh it's good thing we have in Durban we have these uh months of bright hot sunshine that burns everything out you know makes you sweat out of every paw and uh fills the the place and burns out all the viruses and then we get this damp cold for like a few months. So but we're thankful to God. It's it's it's a beautiful earth out there. &gt;&gt; Amen. and just uh humans seem to lose their weight and make it ugly and bring a lot of uh stress and distress upon us. But we're thankful that we have we have we are being restored back to what God wanted us to be. Amen. &gt;&gt; So um I'm going to be doing question and answers uh 2025. This is part six and I've got four questions to do. So, just remember we and I I in my head I don't think I'm going to be that long. My family says they never trust me when I say that. Uh but you know, I I was speaking to some of the brothers. Uh we were talking about uh preaching and things at the brother's meeting and I said uh uh you you fellas that that complain about preaching I said uh I'd like to see you try take four pages and let's see how long you go with that or take eight pages and see how long you go with that. Um and you find you may write four pages and you'll be done in 10 minutes and then you'll be wondering what now. And then you take uh two pages and then you're speaking and speaking and speaking and you can go on for an hour and a half and you think what happened? I thought it was just an exhaltation and uh it's just so uh different and I suppose when you get to teach a series and when revelation flows when people are you know drawing or the Lord is putting thoughts in your mind you know you just got to you just got to go with what he does what he says. So, um I must say this has been a real um strange phenomenon the last few months since coming back from uh North America and the the questions and the fellowship. It's it's a little uh too much to handle. uh there's so much of demand uh from people all over the world for you know for answers and of course we can't give all the answers but uh and especially I've been really encouraged with uh young people who have been stepping up and you know asking questions and that's what that's what we desire um and I want to say this in in in this time where the attraction of the world is so great and you have the people especially the young people being attracted out into the world into other things. I'm so happy to see the interest in the word &gt;&gt; and I believe our ministries and select ministries around the world that are speaking the open book and talking about real things are actually bringing the children back and getting them to ask but what does the prophet mean and they're reading things and what about this and what about that I mean I I even have a question which I which I had to let out I I I left it out was what is your opinion of Charlie Cook and you know a real like what's your what's your feelings on it? I didn't even think I would have to answer something like but it looks like I have to because they they've been hearing like uh conflicting thoughts about it from different ministers. So I try I try to you know look at some things that I feel are relevant. You can't imagine how many questions there are. Hundreds. And I'm trying to look at some of them that are relevant and others that I feel which are a blessing. But to every person who asks a question, there's some other reason why they're asking that question. And you got to tap into that, &gt;&gt; you know, because it's something affecting their lives. All right. So that being settled, let's go to um our subject. Well, the questions are mostly going to be on the incarnation of angels. And I know that's some of you looking at what is that now and bypassing the theophony. So once again, you know, you're preaching a subject, you're preaching something else all together and you get a you get questions on something you were not even preaching about, but you're saying things that you thought everyone understood. And this is good, right? And of course when we listen to things and we preach about it and you you are comfortable with it, we don't make doctrines out of it. We don't make buzzwords out of it. We don't labor on it to make it a big deal. But then someone hears it and they think it's a big deal and they bring it to our attention and then we look at it and say, "Wow, well, why did you think that?" That's what is meaningful to us. Why did you think that? Let's look at why you thought that and then it opens up more to us. That's what I appreciate about question and answers. So let's go to question one and this is from uh youth actually youth in Africa, central and northern Africa. In recent camps we experienced a powerful outpouring of the Holy Spirit after one of the services. Many were deeply moved shouting, crying, falling under the anointing. In the midst of this, one sister went into the spirit and a presence took hold of her. That spirit identified itself as an angel from God and began speaking to people, calling out their sins and so forth. Again, similar manifestations occurred again, but this time through several different individuals. Uh in other words, uh this incarnation of angels upon other people, it spreads like a virus, right? The spirits identified themselves as Michael, Gabriel, archangels, and even as the Lord Jesus Christ. They instructed people to repent, warned against worldly clothing, encouraged fasting, and even made predictions about the future. Now, here's the question. Is such a manifestation scriptural? Can angels incarnate in human beings to deliver such messages of repentance and prophecy? All right. So, um very interesting question &gt;&gt; and it was I would say it was inevitable. It was going to happen because when people when churches forget to preach the truth or spend a lot of time not getting into the truth, they are going to get into sensationalism. They are going to get into situations where it's going to be about manifestations and prophecies and that kind of thing. So I mean for me the first question that I would ask is why do you need incarnate angels to tell you to to shape up? &gt;&gt; Uh you have the word and you have actual flesh and blood angels preaching behind your pulpits and deacons and everything to tell you listen shape up get your life right. You don't need incarnate or angels incarnate. So there are I'm just telling you something that's really not in my notes, but this has happened from a long time ago when the denominational churches believed that the fallen angels that were kicked out of heaven became incarnate in man and made them do things right. To me, a lot of a lot of that is excuses. Like can you imagine people who would say, "Well, you know what I did? It wasn't really me. It was an angel. the fallen angel that incarnate himself in me. Any person can make that excuse, but it's you that did the thing. &gt;&gt; See, so I just want to straight off my answer would be say this is unscriptural and it's pagan. I want to start there. &gt;&gt; This is the exact reason why we preach the truth about the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why you must understand what is an anointing and what is the person. &gt;&gt; Yes. Right? So even when we say incarnate means to become flesh. So when you say that like the angel Michael or the angel Gabriel became flesh in me to tell me something, why would you do that? &gt;&gt; Why would the angel Michael announce himself in the flesh of a human being in the age of the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; Yes. In the time where the Holy Ghost is the authority, &gt;&gt; what is Michael doing? &gt;&gt; What is Gabriel doing? &gt;&gt; Right? So immediately when you when you see things and and the tragic thing is that ministers don't discern this &gt;&gt; and that that elders of the church don't discern this. And I'll tell you, I don't believe it's because the there's something wrong with the elders or it's because of a culture that has made sensationalism and signs and wonders of such importance that they're afraid that when they see a manifestation, they think it must be God. No. You can be in a Christian church. You can be in this church today and you can have a manifestation that looks like God. can be absolutely the devil. &gt;&gt; And your question would be, how could this happen among us? &gt;&gt; This happened in heaven. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; This happened right in Eden. You're not some cocooned place simply because you have the open book that the enemy the enemy is going to squeeze in everywhere he can. &gt;&gt; You can anoint your whole house with oil. You're not creating some shield barrier to keep fifth dimension out &gt;&gt; as long as you're living in this world and you're living among lies. You can be infiltrated by any spirit. &gt;&gt; The only difference is it only affects you if you live in fear of it &gt;&gt; and you don't have faith in the word. &gt;&gt; You are meant to have resistance. You are meant to have spirits coming against you in whatever shape or form, but you are meant to have the faith of God in the word to resist that. &gt;&gt; Resist the devil and he shall flee. &gt;&gt; Amen. So the problem is, you know, when you invite a snake in and think you can make him your pet and think he has a brain to even have affection for you, you are a fool. because they don't they're waiting for the opportunity to bite you because it's the nature of a snake, right? I I uh remember telling you how that you have these um you know people in Africa who and and surprisingly other parts of the world, you know, they take pythons and then they believe they can domesticate pythons and make them pets and they let the python sleep next to them. And a python is so well behaved. It sleeps next to you. Here in Africa, we know it's sizing you up &gt;&gt; because as it grows, it checks the length of your body to know when the time will come when it can swallow you whole. &gt;&gt; It's not being kind and a nice pet. It's sizing you up. So this is the thing you when you attract these things in and you think you can control them instead of putting them under subjection of the word you end up with these manifestations becoming rife. So let's go to the first quote from sir we would see Jesus page 35 paragraph 1. This is 1961. If he's a true disciple of Christ he'll lead you to the cross. Oh brother Brandham I went out and spoke in tongues. That don't mean nothing. A mule did that one day. Yes sir. That's you. Yeah, I don't mean to make fun of God's holy word. I believe in speaking in tonesues, but devils speak with tongues. A people can speak in tonesues and live any kind of a life. But I mean that the devil's got a copy of everything that God did. &gt;&gt; And he can copy everything but the genuine birth of Christ. &gt;&gt; He can't do that &gt;&gt; cuz you have to die first. When the word raises you up, how do you know when you're alive? When that word, every word of it made flesh in you. Everything that the Bible says, you say the same thing and it comes to pass just exactly like he said it. That's when it is when your spirit agrees with him. Here's the word. When your spirit agrees with what he said and the spirit makes itself manifest through his word, then you're living. You're through shopping then and swapping. Shopping and swapping. That means you're not buying something and returning and buying something and returning. You've got the real thing. &gt;&gt; It's all settled. Amen. Uh, and the next quote, God being misunderstood, page 609, par um, I think it's paragraph 609. Yeah. Listen. Now, I'm going to say something that's going to really stab you for a minute. So, just sit still just a moment. See, that's how I speak. The Holy Spirit can speak through a hypocrite. Exactly. I've seen it done. And I can prove you by the scripture that that's right. I can prove to you by the scripture that demon powers take up those spirits and use them. Sure, they take up those gifts and use them. &gt;&gt; So, you can have a genuinely gifted person who at other times spoke by the Holy Ghost and the enemy can take up that gift and use it. I've stood right seen devils speak in tongues and interpret. I've seen hypocrites take the genuine Holy Spirit and speak with it. That's the reason you can't say that speaking in tongues is the only evidence of the Holy Ghost. All right? So, usually when you are asked about the gifts of the Holy Ghost, we tend to be as respectful as possible, not to offend people, but even worse, we don't want to offend the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Yes. when you know when we grew up in the church and uh I I just when I look at the the Sunday school kids and the youth today they looks they're so protected they're so unaware they just never seen it we we grew up in churches you would see exisms happening on Sunday morning you know like casting out a devils and most of these kids haven't seen that if they were they'd jump out of their skin I'm sure but we we There would be like four or five year olds sitting there while you had this prayer line and these people would come up some for healing and then all of a sudden somebody would manifest and that's what we would call it manifest. We didn't even know what that meant when we were kids but he's manifesting anyway but and immediately your mother shuts you down. Close your eyes. Keep your eyes closed, you know. And if you open your eyes, why are you opening your eyes? And I'm like, why are you opening your eyes? You know, so how do you know my eyes are open? If you hadn't seen me, but don't open your eyes. And then they frighten you after they tell you if your eyes are open, the devil can jump into you. Will jump out of that person and jump into you. And you can imagine after all the stories you hear about demon possession and people and and the stuff they went through and how they fainted and the one was frothing at the mouth and the one two kick the guy over this couch and you know and out the door and the power was so strong and I tell you what people love to brag about the devil's power &gt;&gt; and we would be sitting there listening to them and thinking wow that devil is really dangerous you know and yet never seen such things in the message. We saw it in Pentecost. &gt;&gt; And um strangely the message people who came the people who came from Pentecost accepted the message, they were not happy with this church that is just mild and where demons really didn't want to come in. They were happier if we brought demons in for these guys to exercise their faith muscles. And uh I'm not kidding you, they loved it. They they used to get high on it. &gt;&gt; And um so my point is we were trained to not offend the Holy Ghost. If someone spoke in tongues, shush, quiet, don't say it. Just let it go. And we're sitting waiting for it to end. Waiting. And then we're waiting for them to tell us something dramatic. And then it's just like they recite some verse, you know, from the Bible. And um we we were like that's so anticlimactic. You know, the whole pressure comes down and they're speaking in tongues and they'll, you know, stand up and they're saying stuff and it's all like like gibberish. We don't know what they're saying and then they send out this mediocre message. You know, I'm just tell I'm being as truthful as I can be. I was a kid growing up in the church. When I say mediocre, I mean, why did the Holy Ghost have to speak that way just to recite a verse which we could have just spoken about in English? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, or just tell you, I the Lord your God, I'm telling you to that you're listening to this message today, you must keep it and hold it by faith and believe it with all your heart and and uh do not stray from it. You mean that's it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So you can imagine my character questioning everything. How the people can tell you you have a questioning devil on you, you know. So we've been always taught that the Holy Spirit is gentle. He's like a dove and he does not descend upon wolf nature. He's a gentleman &gt;&gt; and does not you remember the lamb and the dove message and he does not force himself upon you. He's a gentleman. We've been taught in the message to be so respectful to say to not say anything against someone who is speaking with tongues or prophesying or some kind of gift in case we offend the Holy Spirit. And it was drilled into us when we were young, right? Some of you been through that. It's almost like they were grooming us to respect them when they even lied to us. Because I can tell you looking back now and knowing what I know about the word, I can tell you I've seen a lot of fakers who took advantage of the Christian church and the message church. And they were fakers because they learned to fake it in the denomination and they came and brought that stuff in here and it wasn't the real deal. I can tell you now as as solid as I can tell you they were fakers. It was not the real thing. Um because if it doesn't line up with the word, it's not right. So the problem is we had to just take, you know, this rain, the rain falls in the just and the unjust. We had to respect all of them, even the bad guys. &gt;&gt; And the bad guys benefited the most because they're bad guys and they're covering up. They're using gifts of the Holy Ghost to cover up who they really are. And it worked for them. They benefited. Some of them benefited from it financially. So we um you know in the Bible we saw this lamb of God, right? You know the dove rest on the lamb and the lamb is led to the sacrificial cross and he openeth not his mouth. That's the lamb nature. That's what we are preached at. We must have that. you know, resistance comes against us. You must not open. You must just take it. And then we saw this lamb in Matthew 23 who smacked these Pharisees around. He called them all sorts of things. He called out their clothing, how they sit in the church, how they take the best seats at weddings. He called them asps, vipers, snakes in the grass, hypocrites. &gt;&gt; That's not all. We saw him plat rope and whip them out the temple and kick over tables. I haven't even done that yet in my life. That might bring a whole lot of satisfaction. I can tell you that. But that's the lamb who the dove rested on. &gt;&gt; So to me, there's a there's a whole lot more that goes with this lamb. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. this lamb nature and this Holy Ghost gentle spirit. So yet when he met when Christ he uh the same gentle Holy Spirit in him, he did this. He whipped them out the temple. He called them out when they were being untruthful, when they were deceiving the others. He called them out when they were remember the one person uh even questioned him about tithing and offerings. And can you imagine telling somebody, you see that widow, she gave just so much. She's given more than you. Can you imagine me saying that to somebody? They'll kick me out. But this is Christ. That lamb nature is calling you out right where it hurts. I see so much of that in the scripture. And yet when he met unrighteous people, he could have been as gentle as anything. When I say unrighteous people, he could have been rough with others, but he meets the woman at the well. He meets the woman in the street who is about to be stoned, women that lived in sin and and men and others who were discarded as trash by the church. &gt;&gt; And he speaks to them with great gentleness and respect. &gt;&gt; Told them and and they were shocked because they were their thoughts were, "Why are you speaking to me?" They've gotten so accomplished by by being downtrodden by the church and here is Messiah the lamb speaking to them with such respect. And he told them the truth. He didn't just tell them, "Oh, you poor thing. You know, you've done wrong and don't worry. We know how bad people are. You come to my church, we'll be good to you. We'll hug you. We'll bring you in." No, he didn't do that. He said, "Go and sin no more. Your sins are forgiven. Don't do this again." He was gracious. He had grace. He had love. But he told him the truth. And the truth was, you did a bad thing. You've been living a bad life. He said, "I know you had five husbands and the one you're living with," he isn't. He didn't just sit there and say, "Oh, you poor thing. Come here. Come bring it in. Let me give you a hug." Told him the truth. This is the thing about this land. It's more about the truth than anything. Amen. And then feelings. &gt;&gt; Right? So when I look at what is being done and described in this question as described in this question I cannot believe that's the Holy Spirit and that the Holy Spirit would come upon someone to divulge other people's mistakes in a public place today when we have the word speaking to us and moreover young girls I just want to say This happens mostly with young girls. And those girls are mostly troubled young girls. That's that to me is already red flags that ministers should be knowing, right? So I cannot believe that the Holy Spirit would do that to to and and make a show of calling out people's sin like that. And uh it just shows and why would the Holy Spirit have to use such flawed individuals to do that, right? The reason I cannot see this happening is because I know the effects it has on the people who are supposedly speaking by the Holy Spirit. So if if the Holy Spirit is speaking through a Christ centered person and not a troubled person, the person has the word, the person has the maturity to deal with that gift. But when the gift comes upon or the gift comes through a person who is problematic, that person starts being lifted up in pride and it starts damaging that person. And then you'll end uh I'm going to explain to you. I'm going to tell you because I've been in the church my whole life. I'm going to tell you how it operates. Okay? We've seen it too often. What happens is if that person is not word centered and anchored, a religious spirit takes over them and they start to attract attention to themselves and they love the attention. They love the authority they're using and they become sociopaths &gt;&gt; in the church. People who will manipulate everyone for their own gain. &gt;&gt; Be very, very, very careful. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. So, archangels, let's get to that first. There's too much in the B there. there, you know, there's not too much in the Bible about archangels, but there's a lot everywhere else in folklore. Okay? So, the origin of archangels comes from Jewish folklore, and the Jews learned it in Babylon when they were in captivity. In other words, you're not going to find in the Bible where the Lord says, "Well, I have my my henchmen, the archangels first and then below them is the next set of angels who are, you know, the managers, the floor managers, and then after that is all the other angels." There's no such thing immediately. If you have that kind of hierarchy in a celestial dimension then you know you are causing trouble right as long as there free will there's going to be trouble right so you will not find any reference of archangels before the captivity of Babylon in the Bible you're not going to find you mean from Genesis all the way up to the captivity of Babylon no mention of archangels &gt;&gt; it tells you if it's from Babylon. That's where it came from. So in the Bible, we only hear about Gabriel twice and Michael four times. Michael the archangel. There's other mentions of Michael, but that was a guy who had the name Michael. We have one of those, right? So Michael is Michael is the only one in the Bible spoken of as the archangel. And that is in the New Testament. Not even Gabriel is called the archangel. So in other in other books that are not mentioned in the Bible, they are books from other Jewish books like the Talmud and so on. Um I I forget what the name of these books are. Um but they there are names of other apparent angels like Raphael and Uriel and Arya and other different kinds of names and and it all ends with eel because that is God. So like Micah, man of God or warrior of God or healer or something, you know, it's it's they're all given designations based on what people thought they should be. But we actually don't know if those angels even existed, right? So for example, the name Gabriel, do you really think God saw an angel and gave him you shall be called Gabriel? The word Gabriel or Gabriel is the messenger of God. So any um entity came to somebody with a message from God, he was called Gabriel because they assumed he's a messenger. He's come with a message. That means if it was a cloud, it was Gabriel. If it was fire, it was Gabriel. If it was some other man who came with the message from directly from God, it was Gabriel. But if it was a man who stood up for the saints of God, he was Michael. If it was a man who uh was fighting for the people, it was Michael. This is why even the prophet gives that designation to Christ that Christ is Michael. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, how is Christ Michael and King Theophony and the two different people? &gt;&gt; See, so there there's a lot I could say about angels, but I would rather not say it now because there's a there's a a need to speak about this in a full teaching maybe some other time. But I will say this that people who fall prey to such things and I let me let me put it this way. A church that is being affected by this is doing so because another spirit is among them. Okay. And for this to me I think people who get confused about manifestations who are led astray by manifestations to me they do not understand dimensions and demonology for if if you are a people and especially in Africa. Africa is heavily Africa, India, wherever you were idol worshippers and ancestral worshippers, you are prone to such things because your your ancestors terrified you. You are afraid of your shadows. You're afraid of the dark. You're afraid of the dead. You're afraid of right. This is where you come from. This is who you are. And you must know if your ministers or preachers or spiritual people uh know how it affects you, the enemy can use them to terrify you. And to control you. It's all about control. So there is a serious lack of true honest teaching on demonology in the message. To me, that is the problem. That's where it should start. It is one thing to know about what the Holy Ghost is and not being able to tell between the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the person of the Holy Ghost. And then there is not knowing the difference between the Holy Ghost and demonology. Did I say that enough? &gt;&gt; I mean, we're having this conversation in the world now where people don't know what the Holy Ghost is and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You know, we we've got to define that the difference between the anointing and the person. But how can you not know the difference between the Holy Ghost and a demon? &gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. It's just crazy that this is still being accepted in message churches. So, you should be able to discern when you are when you are manipulated by sociopaths. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; you should. And I'm telling you, I want to give you a warning. Parents, your children today are being bred to be sociopaths by the world. You may not see this, but I do. It's coming. All of your children are being taught to be victims and to manipulate victim status. You got a child sitting in your house, sitting around and acting like they're a victim of anything, they need a good spanking. That's the truth. This sitting around moping and being the incredible sulk, you know, and uh slamming doors and throwing pillows and throwing tantrums. That's a sociopath in the making because that is a child learning to use their emotions to manipulate you to get you to do something and you succumb once and you're done for. &gt;&gt; Cuz every time they smile that pretty face and bat those lashes and then you go you will let them do something against the word. &gt;&gt; And it doesn't stop there. They'll bring that stuff into the church &gt;&gt; and it's mostly young girls. Young boys nowadays it's happening too because they're feminizing young boys to see young boys become drama queens. I'm telling you it's just amazing to that doesn't have a spine anymore. &gt;&gt; Everything is mopey and I'm a victim and this happened to me because it was somebody else's fault. It wasn't my fault and didn't just manipulate the situation. Men of God are responsible. &gt;&gt; We take accountability for what we've done. We recognize our faults. We put it right. We don't blame other people. We we look at ourselves. We make ourselves better. &gt;&gt; This idea that is happening. And I'm telling you, you listen, sociopathy and psychopathy is demonology. &gt;&gt; Yes. Don't make them psychology. It's demonology. So if you anything to do with lying and manipulation, however it is in children, you you parents should know you come into this world speaking lies. Start there. What does that mean? That means they are going to be sensitive to demonology &gt;&gt; because you are a soul and the first thing that can attract your soul is the fifth dimension. The first thing that's going to get you at schools and universities is the fifth dimension. You do not allow this to continue. And this manipulation at home will come into the church. They'll get married and they'll use manipulation on their husbands and wives. People, young people, children should learn the value of truth. Tell the truth. The truth shall set you free from demonology. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So this is why you got these young girls in the churches and I don't know why I mean why why does the Holy Spirit not touch you outside when you're with somebody in private to talk to them? Why does it have to be where you can make a show? &gt;&gt; That already tells me you can't bluff me. The moment you start making a show, I know exactly who you are because whatever you do can be done in a dignified way and a way in which is behind it's on line with the word. It's not compromising the values of the word and it's telling the truth and it's got concern for someone. So be aware of that. That wasn't in my notes, but I'm telling you, I see it coming. I see it happening. I travel around the world. When you get to airports and you see people throwing their toys out the cart and I'm looking at this and I'm think there's a like a 42 year old woman acting like she's 7 years old and I could see already she never had any protoplasma stimulation when she was growing up. She definitely was allowed to do anything she wanted to do and which is why you are 42 years old throwing your toys off the court right now in front of everybody. You don't care whether there are cameras, whether people are watching. You don't care. This is victim status. This is becoming fashionable. And and the worst part is other people stand back and let this happen because you can't say anything. You just say something, that spirit comes straight back at you, targets on you. They will follow you to video you and shame you. That's already demonology. A new kind of demonology in this world. Be careful. You should be able to tell in your life when you are being manipulated by narcissists from your pulpit and lied to by those wanting your affection and your attention and your financial support. People who tell you the truth are not afraid of losing control. &gt;&gt; They're not afraid of losing support. People who tell the truth don't want to control you. People who tell the truth want you to live your own life and you let me live my own life. I have no reason to control you. If I want to control you, it means I want to benefit from something you can give me. &gt;&gt; People who tell the truth are not interested in control. They value the fact that you are in control of your own life and that I am in control of my own life. People who tell the truth are the ones if you fellowship with them because they walk in the light. You walk in the light. Something amazing written about Michael in the book of Jude is that when he was contending with Satan for the body of Moses, he brought not railing words of accusation. Let's read Jude 1:8-13. Likewise, all these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities. Yet Michael the archangel when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses does not bring against him railing accusation but said the Lord rebuke thee but these in other words I'm not going to say anything against you let the Lord do that those these look at how he brings a contrast of Michael the archangel versus victims modernday sociopaths these speak evil of things they know not, but what they know naturally as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves. Woe unto them, for they have gone in the way of Cain and ran greedily after the era of Balum for a reward. In other words, they have financial concerns. That's the way of Balum. And perished in the gains of Kora. Balum was after financial support. Kora was after fame. These are the these are spots. In other words, these people are spots, their blemishes, their disease in your feasts of charity. When they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear, they are clouds they are without water, carried about of winds, trees whose fruit witherth without fruit, twice dead. Who can be twice dead? Twice dead, plucked up by the roots. This is an absolute lambastic raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame, wandering stars to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness forever. Notice how the scripture is referring to the character of people comparing it with the character of someone who is an actual messenger of God. In other words, he's saying Michael the Archangel had all the authority to rebuke Satan and call him out and tell him what he feels like and he didn't while contending for the body of Moses. But you have people who in the church contend for the silliest of things and act like they're the archangel. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm Why am I reading this? Because I'm saying why would Michael the Archangel incarnate himself in someone and do that to other people? Why not use the Holy Spirit and go outside? If you if God has revealed to you that someone has done something wrong, go call them out in private and talk to them. Why does it have to be a show? Something is wrong. And Jude is basically saying that if you have someone who is a messenger of God who has all the ability and authority to act out and condemn someone but doesn't this is my point and I'm not saying this for any other reason. I grew up as a in a very protected life. I I did not drink. I did not smoke. I did not fornicate. I did not have girlfriends. I didn't go to parties. I I lived a clean life in the message and I have more compassion for people than other people who have done all those things and come into the message. I have seen people who lived sinful lives, drank, smoked, drug, fornicated, adultery, all of that come into the message and become super legalist till they cannot even have compassion for other people who are going through what they did. But someone like me has more compassion. I don't understand this. In fact, you should be the one who should have compassion because you know what those people went through. &gt;&gt; You went through that. You can associate with that. To me, when you do that, something is wrong. You need a character change. So when you have someone else like these he is describing in verse 10 to13 who take no thought whatsoever to malign the character and testimony of others publicly in short I don't believe that any angel or Christ would incarnate themsself in a person in the first place to speak through them there's no reason to do that there is no reason for Christ himself to incarnate himself in a person to call about somebody else when the Holy Ghost is here. That's the Holy Ghost designation. That is the reason why the Holy Ghost was sent upon the church. We have because we have the Holy Ghost present, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the person of the Holy Ghost. We do not need any incarnation of any celestial being whatsoever. &gt;&gt; Also, this gift is not mentioned in in 1 Corinthians 12 as part of the nine gifts. We have wisdom, knowledge, healing, tongues, prophecies. We do not have incarnation of angels in there. &gt;&gt; Now, I want to come back to this. These manifestations and I want to explain this properly because I want you to understand uh this carefully. This these manifestations have always from many years. I'm talking about hundreds of years come through uh young girls, right? I mean, those of you who in school and and studied The Crucible would know what I'm talking about, right? I know that they made The Crucible. It was a book and made it into a movie. But people understand what happened in that time where it it it uh I think this was run about the time when it was it could have been set in the time of uh the the the Salem witch trials, right? Yeah. which was a big thing to think that you had people especially young girls who suddenly received the Holy Spirit and call out the sins of other people and made the church act to hang those people to execute them publicly. It's no difference. &gt;&gt; It's exactly the same thing. So what is the problem? get to the root of the problem. Why is it young girls? What's wrong with the boys? They're not getting the holy girls. What's going on? Huh? It's only the young girls. And then go to those young girls and find out and you'll find out a very troubling issue. Okay? From my experience over 40 years in this message, these young girls who are touched in inverted commas by the Holy Spirit are usually rebellious, moody, temperamental, unstable, problematic, and their families will attest to that, right? And very often, more often than not, some of those young girls have been abused by a family member or somebody in the church or they are being groomed by somebody in the church. They could be sexually abused, physically abused, verbally abused. They have a terrible terrible uh what do you call it's like a um complex uh u a low self-esteem complex put on them and they are being controlled. Now for you to understand what a gift is. Do you know what's a gift? A gift is an ability. Do you know why people have abilities? Gifts of sensitivities. Why would a person have the sensitivity to know who is a sexual predator? Right? But because they themselves have been affected by one. And if you grow up from childhood having had more and more effects of it, you've been abused, you've been constantly abused, you get a sensitivity to no one. That's a gift that becomes a gift that can be used but it's grounded in emotionalism that that sense to discern. Now often times you can be wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that's where you need the guidance of the Holy Ghost to tune that gift. Right? So this is this is what we've seen from experience in the church Pentecostal church. I've been in Pentecost for a very short time as a as a child and then come into the message. So, and I've been acquainted with both sides, I can tell you. Right. So, very often they've been abused by family members, high-ranking members in the church and u uh their mouth has been shut by their abusers. The only way they can act out is to be touched by the spirit. And it's not going to take long they're going to expose the person who is controlling them. &gt;&gt; That's how it starts. It's really a cry for help. This is the trigger that the problem that these girls don't realize it's a trigger for demonology because if you if it was a cry for help and somebody paid attention and the truth came out then they're set free. Then there's no need for the act anymore. there's no need for the show. But if nobody's answering that need, it's going the show is going to become stronger and greater and more flashy and more flamboyant and before you know it, they're going to destroy a lot of people's lives. Very dangerous, right? And so most likely what is happening with these young girls is this is they've got no discernment. There's no angel telling them the lives of other people. Arms eraser, not Walton's eraser. Arms. You know what that means? Think about it. How do they logically How do they know about the lives of other people? Somebody told them. That's what it is. Somebody told them. It's usually the person grooming them or a high ranking member in the church or they are privy to conversations. And it's so easy. And in this day, so many of you young people can become prophets and prophetesses &gt;&gt; simply because you're good with this. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You are investigating people's statuses and people's profiles on Facebook and Instagram and all of that. And then you come out and you think you're going to bluff me with with discerning somebody when all all it is you knew what happened to them last week on social media, &gt;&gt; right? Don't do that. This isn't a place to clown. &gt;&gt; When we are here in the presence of the word, this isn't a place to lie. When you do that, you open yourself up, your soul up to the fifth dimension. You don't want to go down that path. This is a simple truth in the track record of these manifestations. There there are ministers all over the world. I took a long time to answer this question. I got this question over 2 months ago. I took a long time. I spoke to some friends of mine. I I I listened to some of the ministers who might have been going through some of these things in the area. And every single one who preaches the word, some of them tell me, "Brother, that's demons." It's like no thinking about it. They they know it. Others who speak carefully will tell you I I I um from my perspective I do not see this as the character of the Holy Spirit. Right? So I've had both sides. I've had the guys who shoot from the hip and the guys who are you know really really somber mellow fellows who will tell you no no sir this isn't the the Holy Ghost. So I took a long time to answer this question. And it's simply the truth and the track record of these manifestations. So my advice is correct this immediately before it splits the church and or leave the church and go where the true because you're dealing with demonology on on steroids. Right? Leave the church, go where the true word is being preached and where the true word is the headship of the church. Because if you have the true word as the headship of the church, that's not going to happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Always remember that the true manifestation of the gifts of the Holy Ghost brings an atmosphere of welcoming and being ma making people comfortable. It brings repentance and true love. The the presence of the Holy Ghost should not bring hostility and suspicion and discomfort. Like when we grew up and we had all these gifts around us, we when you get to teenagers like, "Oh my goodness, I hope they don't say something about me, you already got the wrong impression." Because if if the Holy Ghost is about to speak through a gift, it should be, "Lord, it is a message for me. Make me compliant." &gt;&gt; Thank you for that. And thank you. That's the attitude we should be having. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; All right, let's go to question two. Believe me, there's so much more I can say on this and I've done some of it in the series on demonology that we did, but I think we've uh properly answered that question. Uh, question two, in the service you preached on predestination, you spoke of of everything being a consequence of our actions. So, what did it what did a deformed baby do wrong to deserve that? What did a person born with a congenital disease do to deserve it? These were not consequences of their actions. Please explain. Apparently, this is a a question based on a question that might have been asked on the comments in the YouTube videos. All right. So, I'm not sure. I I can't have the time to go back and see what I was preaching about, but apparently I was talking about predestination and free will and so on. And I assume it was a subject on predestination from what the question says. I just don't I don't remember preaching a particular message on it, but it could have been in something else. I can't remember what it is. But if I was talking about the concept of free will, which is a subject I love and I I love to talk about because I feel more people need to understand it. The prophet said, "You are the boss of your own soul." &gt;&gt; Nobody, not the devil, not God forces you to make a choice. Okay? You are convinced to make a choice and you look to be convinced to make a choice. &gt;&gt; Am I right? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; In with with humans today, we so distrust our own choices. We have to phone a friend. We have to ask a spouse. We have to check with our children. We have to check with our mother. We check with our father. We check with people. Am I making the right choice? Because we're afraid of what? The consequences. Right? So everything within your life I want to say it this way if I didn't say it clearly whenever I spoke about this and and I get I get the question like uh if if everything that we are doing that that we go through is a consequence of our choices then uh what did a baby do an innocent baby being born through its mother and come out with a disease they didn't like eat hamburgers or drink soda pop and you know and get sugar diabetes it was passed down by the mother So how can it be their fault? Well, obviously it's not. Right? So I'm going to say it as clear as possible. Everything within your life after you become conscious of choice is a result of your choices. Everything. Remember I I spoke to you and you say, "Well, I had an accident. How can it, you know, somebody crashed into my car. They were coming from that direction. How is it my choice? It was somebody else's fault. But your choice was driving on that road on that day. If you chose another road, you wouldn't have hit that one. &gt;&gt; You Everything you do is a consequence of your choice. &gt;&gt; You can't run away from that. &gt;&gt; And and you you can't even call it bad luck cuz I don't know if such a thing exists. You make a choice. You can be walking through the pavilion mall and you cho you choose to go into this store based on a thought that came into your head based on somebody messaging you on your phone to tell you they need something. Somebody told you they need something and you made the choice, let me turn and then the store gets hijacked or robbed and you happen to be in there. Is it the person's fault for asking you for something from that store? You could have said, "Well, I'll get that tomorrow." No, they want it now. Oh, they forced me. You still made a choice. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. The point is the reason why I speak about this is because more and more in this day in this culture of victims and snowflakes. &gt;&gt; We blame God. If you can't blame anyone, you blame God, &gt;&gt; right? So blaming God for things that happened to us when we are our uh um you know things that happened to us it's like you can whenever you can't blame somebody else you have to blame God. So if I was born this way it's God's fault. Why is it God's fault? Deformities in children are a result of choices of parents ancestors before us. It's also a fault of your genetics which come from the choices of your generations which is a result of our choices of whom we choose to marry. For example, if I marry a short girl, I am determining the height of my children. It was my choice. I'm not going to marry a short girl and think I'm going to have a basketball player someday. Right. &gt;&gt; God does not interfere with my choices. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he's not going to, you know, I'm I'm I'm dreaming now. I really want my boy to play basketball, professional basketball. I want him to be 7 ft tall and then I go marry a short girl and I myself am he high challenged, you know, but it's my dream for them to play. I'm being unrealistic. &gt;&gt; And what must God do? God must must succumb to my dream. That's making light of it to make you understand something. In the same way, when it comes to sickness and death, we must realize and understand it doesn't come from God. Prophet said sickness does not come from God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right? He said God is eternal life. Eternal life comes from him. Sickness and death are a consequence of man's choice. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You choose. In Adam's time, Adam chose to live by his own free will and brought death upon him. From there, every man onwards who chose God's will received eternal life, could receive healing for something. Because we choose to serve God does not make him obligated to remove every sickness from us just to end your suffering. That would be nice. It would be nice. You know, every single headache we just prayed and God took it away or toothache. Sometimes you need a toothache to tell you to stop putting sugar in your mouth. Huh? That's the thing. Oh, God, heal me. And then I go out and drink a whole lot of coke and after I drink Coke, don't even brush my teeth. Just go to bed for like 8 hours. I mean, come on. I've got all that sugar coating your teeth. What do you think is going to happen? You think God must be this person on walking on overdrive. keep my child's teeth healthy while he's filling himself with Coca-Cola. Sometimes you need a good toothache and a good few other things. That means God only heals you if it benefits his word. I I want you to understand this. God is not interested in anything else concerning your life. But where your life concerns his word, that's what he's concerned. &gt;&gt; Let's read demonology, physical realm, part of 19. Now, all sickness, we have to find first that all sickness came from the devil. God is not the author of sickness. No sickness comes from God. Are you listening? God permits Satan to put sickness on you as a whip to bring you back to the house of God when you disobey him. So God permits the enemy to bring sickness. He doesn't cause the sickness. But sickness in its beginning come from the devil. Could you imagine a person would believe that God our heavenly father would be the author of such a thing as sickness and death? Well, no. He isn't. Never was, never will be. God permits death because of disobedience. God permits death. And this is my point. When you get to the place where something has happened, you have a congenital disease, you were born with a disease or some disease came from your genetics. And listen there there are many people I know for every person, one person who blames God for that disease. There are 100 people who keep on praising God and do not lose faith. What's your problem? Sounds personal to me. If you're blaming God, you haven't taken a hold of the word yet, right? I mean, you literally have an apostle who says, "This thorn in my flesh, I've been treated the Lord three times. He has not taken it away from me well. So, I'm I'm pressing on." Three times. The Apostle Paul three times. Some of us don't relate, man. Like, you got the answer. No, you need to keep that that issue with you because it's grounding you. No. Oh no. Thousand times. Got to go back. Got to go back. Got to go back. What are you doing wrong? Where's the introspection? Sometimes you've got some disease that's related to where you living. Move. Move. Move a house. Move to another city. Do something. Sometimes it's your diet. Sometimes you're not you're not exercising. Sometimes it's your genetics. And you can't beat your genetics. Right? You know, this is why I um I believe I've got to spend the next 10 years of my life working all that I can for the gospel and doing what I have to do no matter what people say. Because in my genetics, all my father's siblings all have heart issues. My grandfather, his ticker stopped when he was 44 years old. What makes me think I'm going to be fine? When mine decides to end, it's over. I'm okay with that. But while I have time, I'm going to work. I'm not going to think I'm going to be blessed like my mother-in-law is living to past 80 or some other brothers are living to 90. They got different genetics. My genetics tells me you have a time limit, my friend. I'm okay with that. But I'm going to work while I have time. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to blame God in the hope that he's going to keep me alive longer. What am I What am I going to do if he gives me a life longer? It's &gt;&gt; true. &gt;&gt; Amen. Since my youth, I've listened to atheist verse Christian debates. One of the major points of discussion of atheist is, "I cannot believe in a God who allows suffering in the world." So much suffering. I've heard many Christians who cannot argue back. Yeah. But you know this happened because I mean what occurred to me is these people claim they will only accept God if it benefits their lives. They assume if there is a God that removes sickness and suffering, they will return and live righteous and worship him. Like if God heals all the sickness and takes away all the the turmoil and trouble in the world and all the suffering of the poor people and give everybody food, then all the earth people will stand up and worship God. That's the biggest lie of the devil because everybody knows what happens when you get blessed. You forget God. Brother John read a scripture this morning, right? It's so hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God. It's it's easier pushing a camel through the eye of a needle. &gt;&gt; But with God, all things are possible. This is literally telling you if you fill the world with blessings, they'll turn away from God. What a joke. H that shows people don't even know God and themselves. And but mostly, you know, I want to say this uh blaming God for suffering in the world when it's man's fault is just crazy. People are suffering in the world because it's man's fault, not God. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Every single poverty is caused by man. &gt;&gt; Think of this. You have an earth that is fully functional and able to sustain every person living on it. You'll not find a single animal forming a union to complain about poverty. Only humans. And who do they blame? God. But it's man's fault. Where are these atheists holding men to account for the suffering in the world? And all these atheists who I've seen on debates, they're multi-millionaires, they're rich people. They they want God to solve the problem, but they won't move a finger. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no. I'll give money to the research of malaria. Listen, the natives in Africa have been living with malaria for generations. We don't need you. We don't. You're just experimenting on us again and again and again. Actually, go to a country and put your money where your mouth is and give them food. Not malaria injections. But this is philanthropy. Another joke. Mostly people don't understand that to be truly God here. You know, I I I play this this game with my children. I did it to them when they were younger. Now they're older. They know my tricks. The point is, if you were God, what would you do? Would you grant everybody free will? If you were God, what would you do? How would you handle free will? You can barely handle free will in your own house with your children. Am I right? With one another. Every one of you feels like you need to control the other person so you get a better result for yourself. Can you even imagine being a supernatural creator of the universe saying you can do whatever you want. Your life is in your hands. If you die by your hands, I'm okay with that. Can you tell that to your children? Can you tell that to your wife? Oh, no problem, honey. You can drive through that place where it's a it's a hijacking hot zone. Take I trust you'll be okay. Right? No way. You feel like you know how another person's free will should be handled. That's the hypocrisy of this. You don't know what it means to be God, to actually let someone do what they choose and allow them to go through the consequences. That's a lot of problems with with parents today that are building snowflakes in their children. &gt;&gt; You're you're manipulating the outcome. so they can be pleased. So when they are pleased, you are pleased. You think that's helping them. You're not letting them see the consequence of their actions. To me, if your son doesn't learn for the test, don't cram for it. Don't wait up 4 in the morning and test him. Let him go and fail. He will never do that again. You taking hours of your precious sleep out to just go and test him till 4 in the morning so he can go there and get an A and come back. If he comes back, I'm telling thank you. I got the A, not you. It was my hard work. Because if I didn't push you and if I didn't get you to do this, you didn't do this. You don't deserve it. You're not getting any price for it. You're not getting a special ice cream for it because I did half the work. I should buy me an ice cream. This is what we're breeding today with our children. Pampering, pampering, pampering. making sure they get a positive outcome. You're breeding weakness. &gt;&gt; God doesn't do that to you. &gt;&gt; God allows you your free will, your choice, and your actions and your consequences. So, you learn from it. You become strong. You become independent. You you learn accountability. &gt;&gt; You learn shame. You learn embarrassment. You become strong from it. &gt;&gt; But we keep controlling their outcome. The next time somebody teases them, meltdown. They what? Listen, you have to have some weeks where in young people where in one week you've got a science project, you got an English oral, you got an African oral, and you got an exam on Friday. It's inhuman to get all of them right. Don't go and drink all that rubbish monster and all that stuff and take all these tablets. &gt;&gt; You don't have to wreck your lifespan just to get all A's in all four things. You can fail one. It's okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; See, I can see you don't believe that. What's wrong if you fail one? Just pass the final exam. No, my my entrance to university. You'll still get it. You just don't think it right now. You'll still get it. Just get hard work. What people know when you work hard, people can tell when you work hard. You can come there with a full resume, you know, your your curriculum vit and have all the credentials and everything. I've got a this and I've got that. I've got a metric and they can see what you did. You didn't learn the whole year. You just crammed for the last. They don't want that kind of person. &gt;&gt; They want to and and they are trained on the human resources level. They are trained when they interview to to they got like three psychologists there testing you whether you're just someone who crammed for even this test. They know you. You're not bluffing them. Develop a life of accountability and responsibility. And if you think you're going to get through life with your your parents always putting a mattress down when you fall, well, mommy's not going to be there all the time. All right. I could go on with that one. It's one of my favorites. Question three. We certainly enjoyed the teachings on image and likeness of God. There are some people who refer to the message, who is this Melkisedc? And the quote that says, you come like Adam, like me. You became from the attribute to the flesh to be tempted. He also says, we bypassed the theophony. It also certainly looks so clear like he says that Adam was first made in theophony in Genesis 1:26-29 and then made flesh in Genesis 2:7 as he says in question and answers on Genesis and several other places. But how does one explain these quotes from who is this MelkiseDC? Okay, let me explain. Firstly, I want to say I want to begin here. When we talk about theophony bodies and earthly glorified bodies, we are out of our league. Okay. When Paul spoke about dimensions, he rightly said he didn't know whether in the body or without the body. Who knows? Only God knows. He said, is that right? Let's read 1 Corinthians 15:35-4. But some men will say, "How are the dead raised up?" This is a different scripture. Uh, and with what body do they come? Thou fool. That which thou seest is not quickened except to die? That which thou seest, thou seest not that body that shall be, but bear again it, but bear grain. It may chance of wheat or some other grain. But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him. That mean whatever body it is, it's going to be in his hands. We don't know. to every seed his own body. All flesh is not the same flesh, but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, another of birds. There are also celestial bodies and bodies terrestrial. But the glory of the celestial is one and the glory of this the terrestrial is another. So Paul said when he was speaking about that man, I knew a man about 14 years ago or something who um ascended into heaven uh the third heaven. Whether he was in this body or without the body, I don't know. Only God knows. He repeated that Yeah, I can't tell. So, the thing is um none of us are able to tell you exactly what theophony is. We don't even know what earthly glorified is, what it looks like. We only know what we've been told. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So, he immediately identifies that there will be a contention about bodies. Some men will say, "How are the dead raised up and with what body?" In other words, from the first age, he told us there's going to be a contention about bodies. And we know this because he was a Pharisee. And remember the Pharisees had a question. Lord, there's this man who's got seven or six brothers or seven brothers. He marries a wife and uh you know he dies and then the next brother takes the lever law. In the in the end, whose wife is she? That's the question. These are the kind of questions that come up because of the contention of bodies. So he admitted that there is going to be uh limited knowledge says that celestial bodies are different to earthly bodies. He says but we believe he says there are celestial bodies that are terrestrial that celestial is heavenly terrestrial is earthly. The the heavenly has a glory the earthly has a glory but they are different in glories. &gt;&gt; Yes &gt;&gt; that's all we know. They are different in in in material. They are different in potentials. They are different in character. Celestial bodies and earthly bodies are totally different. Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. There are many other things he says and references to theophanes he makes without even using the word theophanes because at that time Paul didn't use the word theophony you know. So it brings us to the conundrum we face. So, as per usual, the confusion we have is that God sent us a prophet who was meant to say things in a way that we might believe by faith to point us in the right direction to push us to dig deeper but not necessarily to explain everything and not even well. What am I saying? Brother Brandon never explained anything. Well, who is meant to say things to make us look at something, point us in that direction, dig deeper, find out more. Right? So, the prophet uses the word theophony all over the place. And sometimes he understood it. He used it in the way he understood it in that time. He used theophony the way he understood it in 1950, 1960. Are you with me? So also remember, brother Brandham is part of the seventh seal. &gt;&gt; That's what a lot of people don't know today. They don't get it. They don't understand what the seventh seal is. He's a part of it. He's a part of the veil that people are not going to be able to see through. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Why? Because of the of who God chose. God chose him as a person. God chose him because of the way he speaks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. God chose him because of his education. God chose him because of where he was born, in what time he was born. He is part of the seal. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That means God chose him because he was going to say some things that's going to look absolutely crazy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And God wanted it that way. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; His humanity, his speech, his actions are meant to be criticized. They are meant to be judged. They are meant to be diminished in the eyes of many people. His words are meant to be mischaracterized, misunderstood, misconstrued so that the word can only be believed by divine revelation and not because the prophet of God explained it to make perfect sense. That means we can use what he said to preach subjects, to teach concepts, but our knowledge is limited by how much God reveals to us in the time that we are growing. Which means I'm going to teach a subject in 2001 and that's as much as I know. Then 2010, I'm going to preach the same subject and I'm going to know more. And in 2025, I'm going to preach the same subject and then I know more. Amen. &gt;&gt; That being said, when we talk about heaven and theophony, we are way out of our depth. I don't believe with what we have even in the message and in the Bible that we will ever know exactly how things are in heaven or the offening. And whoever claims to know it is a fool. Let's read the quotes. So, the the quotes that are in question, right? I want I want you to read it with fresh eyes and I want you to see what the person is saying. I'm going to give you um beforehand what the person is saying. Basically, brother man is speaking in 1965 in who is MelkiseDC. And it sounds like he's saying that Adam did not have a theophony. That Adam bypassed the theophony and came from attribute to flesh and we came like Adam. How many of you thought that before? No, you don't. But it looks like he says that. Let's read paragraph 67. Now we see the attribute sons of his spirit have not yet entered into the word form body. But a theophony this body is subject to the word earnest waiting for the earnest change of the body. Now the difference between him and you as a son he was the beginning that is Christ. At the beginning he was the word and morph body. He came in and lived in that in the person of MelkiseDC. Then later we ever heard we ever heard no more of MelkiseDC because he became Jesus Christ. MelkiseDC was the priest but he became Jesus Christ. Now you bypassed that. In other words, you bypassed the offering, right? Because in that form, what form? The word form. He knowed all things. And you have never been able to know that yet. Here it is. You come like Adam, like me. You became from the attribute to the flesh to be tempted. That statement already looks like says Adam came from attribute to the flesh and bypass the offering. They're right. You're reading that. You're confused, right? But when this life is finished here and goes on, let's go to paragraph. Oh, okay. Let's read. If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. That's where we go. That is the word. Then we can look back and see what we've done. Now we don't understand it. We have never become the word. So he's saying we were never the word. We were the attribute. We didn't go from attribute to word to flesh. We went straight from attribute to flesh. Right? That proves the predestination of God up par 69. But and Luke clearly makes it clear. You will never be the word unless you was a thought at the beginning. So you could never be aophony unless you were an attribute. That proves the predestination of God. See, you can't be the word unless you were a thought. You had to be in the thinking first. But you see, in order to stand temptation, you had to bypass the theophony. Because he's saying if you had the theophony, you would So the concept is if you came into the fullness of theophony, you would easily be able to bypass temptation. That's the concept he's speaking of. But you see, in order to stand temptation, you had to bypass the theophony. You had to come down here in flesh to be tempted. Let's go to paragraph 78. This is the second place where he mentions it. And it sounds like those two. Then when a man is born again from heaven, he becomes a spirit baby in Christ. And when this robel flesh is dropped, there is a natural body, theophony, a body not made with hands, neither born of a woman that we go to. Then that body returns back and picks up the glorified body. If you only know the contentions on that one, that's the reason Jesus went to hell when he died and preached to the souls that were in prison. Turn back into that theophony. Oh, marvelous. Thank God. Okay, here it is. Pro 79 2 Corinthians 5:1. If this earthly body be dissolved, he's reciting the same scripture. This earthly tabernacle, we have another one. See, we have bypassed that to come straight from God. The attribute to be flesh, to be tempted and tested by sin like Adam did. By then, testing of his word is over. Then we are taken up to this body that was prepared for us before the foundation of the world. It is the word that we skipped to come right down and down here to be tempted and tested. Okay? You all agree that quote is confusing. The person has a point to ask this question. But then the question is what do we do with this? The understanding that Adam was not created in theophony is only from these two quotes. There's nowhere else in the message that you're going to get this right. So these there are numerous references and you know them right through the message that say Adam was first created in a celestial form in Genesis 1:26-27 and then later formed in flesh in Genesis 2:7. You all know that. Every message believer knows that that in fact Genesis 1:26 27 and Genesis 2:7 is the building block of the prophet's ministry on man. His entire message is based on that. You've only got these two quotes in whose is. So the most recent I've heard this belief that Adam bypassed his theophony is that because the prophet said in this mazec after the seals. So I've heard people telling me that because he says this after the seals most likely he corrected everything he said before. So, we got to like discard everything he said before and just take this because he preached it after the seals. Now, I'm not sure where this originated. I certainly don't see it that way. I certainly do not fault anyone who chooses to see it that way because if they read and they don't know and they haven't studied the the entire depth of it and this is the way they are seeing it, well, I can't fault them for that. As long as the way they see it leads them to the opening of the seventh seal, the restoration of all that Adam lost, the open book in the hands of the bride, I stand with my brothers who see it that way. But I do not see it that way. To answer the question based on this quote, my thoughts are that this quote is being misread. It is the prophet's manner of speaking that causes the divide. when I read this because my anchor is in Genesis is is in his teaching on Genesis 126:27 and Genesis 2:7 that's my anchor so if that's my anchor when I encounter this quote what am I going to see right so when I read this and I see this in the first quote we come like Adam could only mean we came like Adam in Adam's condition after &gt;&gt; right Adam had to do something to be tempted. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; After Adam lost his theophony &gt;&gt; in the second quote he meant. So in other words we came like Adam meaning we came in this in the condition of Adam when he was tempted after he had lost his theophony. That's what I'm seeing. Why am I seeing that? Because I see everything else that he breached. Right? So, I'm going to show you. Right? So, nowhere in the message to my knowledge will you ever find him say anywhere else that Adam bypass this theophony in in fact to do that would make him not Adam. This is the problem. Do you know what an Adam is? Do you know why there is a second Adam? &gt;&gt; Question and answers in Hebrews part three. I'm going to show you some of them. God in the beginning when he knowed man and woman was made one, not two. They were made one. They were separated. One put in flesh, one in a theophony. He knew that. So in order to prove that to you, when God made the woman, he never took some dust. So do you see there's a direct quote where he said they were theophony. And when God took out the man to make him flesh, one part of him was still in theophony. Right? Let's go to question and answers. Uh paragraph 8:29. And Adam was lonesome. God took to show that could not be separated. Now, I'm going to get back into that some just a second. Look, he never went and got dirt and made Eve, but he made from the original dirt, Adam. He took a rib from his side and made him a helpmate. That was Eve. She was made for the man. Part of the man. She was part of him in the beginning in the creation in the theophony. She was part of him down here in this creation. She could not. So she was part of him in the beginning in the creation in the theophony. Right? That means you have to if you're stating this in this misuse, you have to take this prophet back to his own words here and tell him you were wrong there because here you are saying Adam bypassed his theophony and actually he's not saying that. &gt;&gt; He's saying you bypassed your theophony &gt;&gt; but you came to be tempted like Adam. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; that's what he's saying. &gt;&gt; Amen. you are doing. In other words, those who are doing that are doing everything they criticize other people for. &gt;&gt; You are interpreting it the way for a particular reason. Right? So she was, she says she was part of him down here in this creation. She could not be divided in another creation. In other words, she was part of him in theophony. If he made him in flesh, she could not be separated from him. She had to be with him in flesh. That's the point there. That's exactly why Christ and God had to be the very same person. And if you and this is what I love about this quote in the in the end here, he says how Christ is gone back and Christ is theophony now the way he was then. See there are people who literally believe Christ is in heaven in the body with nail scars and flesh. The quotes of brother Baron says he's in theophony now. &gt;&gt; The way he's he's his always existence has been theophony. that theophony that word was made flesh and dwelt among us. He died and and and ascended and went back to being theophony question and answer in Hebrews part 3 8:26. Now this is Adam walking through the garden of Eden before he's formed in flesh and as he walked through the garden of Eden first as a theophony like the Holy Spirit is in here now walking in here it he's saying he's telling us first Adam's theophony led the animal life &gt;&gt; it controlled everything but it couldn't till the soil so God put him in flesh so that he could till the soil and give him five senses but you have a direct quote telling us he was in theophony. &gt;&gt; Adam did not bypass theophony. Adam first walked the in one place he says Adam's theophony he couldn't contact the animals. He was like a like his toes as if he was planted in the ground &gt;&gt; to till the soil fix up the vineyards and so forth. Oh this beautiful picture look for what he's first made. He was made two he was made two people together. He was made both male and female. Man was the Bible said God made man both male and female created him. Notice when man was separated from the theophony and put in flesh, he wasn't just altogether there. He wasn't altogether there in the flesh. Part of his being was still a theophony. So it didn't look right. &gt;&gt; Okay. This is a few quotes of many. Are you with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; So of course the problem you face when you say that Adam was not theophony first is that you wipe out the most amazing story in question and answer on Genesis 1. There's really so much to teach on this but that would take another series. I just want to address the question and the reason for the question. So the real reason I think I'm giving the benefit of the doubt to my brothers who believe this right who why would they want to believe that Adam bypassed his theophony right and I think it's because the belief is that if you have a theophony you cannot sin that's what I think that's where I think it comes from and and yet Adam sinned so therefore now Now you got to get to why did Adam sin? How could he have sinned if he had a theophony? Because the whole point is it's being put to you like your adoption is your theophony. And when you get your theophony, you will never you'll be above sin. Right? And therefore he could not have had a theophony. That's what so in my humble opinion that is a very misguided belief that if you have a theophony you cannot sin. I have a theophony right now in heaven. &gt;&gt; Right? Because the prophet said, "Sin began in heaven." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Quote, "Sin did not begin in Eden. Sin did not begin on earth." That means sin began in angels who are in a celestial body. So to say that if you have theophony you cannot sin, you have to have an understanding of what you're saying. Lucifer and his angels sinned in celestial form. They were not in fleshly body form. They sinned while they were made perfect angels. So also attaining theophony many ministers I've heard in the last few maybe two decades or so where it's really been punched in that that adoption you're waiting for your adoption and your full adoption is when you possess the full power of your theophony and and they get this from Matthew 17 where Christ was on the mount transfiguration with with uh uh um Peter, James and John and they saw Christ transfigured in the proph Prophet said they were the three witnesses of his adoption. So if he was clothed in his theophony then uh that is his adoption transfiguration. But then Christ left the mountain went back to flesh and died. So if you have your theophony you won't die. So this is also slightly off the mark because adoption is not that adoption is the placing of sons. You know those quotes are throughout the message. Adoption is the placing of sons. In other words, a son being put into a position to fulfill his purpose. That's adoption. You don't have to be a perfect individual to reach your stage of adoption. You need to be ready to do what you've been called to. That's your adoption, right? So the transfiguration of Christ was used to show adoption of Christ for the purpose of Calvary to Peter, James, and John. That doesn't mean that every son of God only achieves adoption at the transfiguration. Saints, what is the point of when the rapture finally is fulfilled, takes place, you and I are transfigured, then what's our purpose? What's our adopted purpose? I mean, we're going to be transfigured and taken to heaven, and we got no more purpose now on earth. We have a purpose on earth which we have been adopted for. We are predestinated unto that adoption. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; What was Abraham's adopted position? To produce Isaac. He was predestinated to that. See that? So, to me, it's it's those two things. the the transfiguration of Christ and the thought that if you have a theophony, you cannot sin. And that is totally debunked by two things. The second thing we're going to talk about now, Jesus was transfigured and still was rejected and died on Calvary. You cannot have true purpose in God unless you are connected with your theophony. That means what is true is when you receive your connection to your theophony, you are coming to your adoption. You are coming to realize your position. What does that mean? When I'm connected to my theophony by the word for my day, what does that mean? Suddenly, I see my purpose beyond my own will. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And I start walking by God's will. That's my adoption. That's when I become a child of God and not a child of the world. That's when I choose to do what God wants me to do and not what the world says I must do. Right? That's your adoption. That puts you to the purpose for your day. Okay. The last thought on this, well, not really the last thought, the last important thought. I spoke about the name Adam. Adam is a peculiar designation. It is the and and the only Christ is the only other person in the Bible who is called Adam. The second Adam to be exact. Why is he called? Why is Christ called an Adam? Why is he not called a Moses? Why is he not called an Elijah? Why is he not called Samuel? Why is he called an Adam? Because Adam was Genesis 1:26. Oh yeah. having the purpose of bringing forth many sons unto God. &gt;&gt; That is an Adam. If you talk about a third pole manifestation, okay, let's you go back to all the quotes. Adam could speak things into existence. Talk about a third pole. Adam could name things. He had the power and dominion over all the elements. If adoption is that, how could he not have had it? Right. &gt;&gt; Let's go to the brief message. You know this quote very well. Now when Adam sinned by heeding his wife's reasoning instead of holding to God's word that made that's what made Adam sin. His wife reasoned with Satan and then produced the product to Adam. And Adam turned loose the word and sold out. He lost his inheritance. That's his theophony. When he lost his fellowship and right to life, sorry, his inheritance of the earth, his fellowship, the theophony, his right to life, the right to the tree of life, right? When he lost his life, he also lost his inheritance because he complete listen, he had complete supreme control of the earth. He was God of the earth. If ever there was a third pull, if ever there, you remember speaking to the Killable, the Hornets, the the the Colorado storm, Hatty, right, discerning, all of that was set was showed to us as being the third book. Tell me how Adam failed to meet this requirement and actually surpass that requirement. He listen he could his son gods the god of the universe everywhere but his son had this earth under his control. Adam could speak he could name he could say he could stop nature he could do anything he wanted to and Christ is called a second Adam because Christ had exactly the same thing. &gt;&gt; He could not do that. Adam could not do that without theophony. &gt;&gt; Amen. But he said Adam turned loose the word. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; What does that mean? &gt;&gt; So the last point of this is Adam's sin. What is Adam's sin? This is a complex one to get around because of the different context of English words the prophet uses. Now the Bible said Adam did not transgress. He said his wife was in the transgression. The prophet said Eve only did the act but Adam sinned. The Bible says Adam did not transgress. Brother man says Eve did the act but Adam sinned. So to understand that who was actually tempted was the woman. Right? And what did Adam do that was wrong? So it would take too long to read all the quotes. I'm going to tell you so that you can go search it for yourself. Adam exercised his free will to forfeit his theophony for his wife's sake. &gt;&gt; That is sin. What is sin? You have a purpose God has given you and you are exercising your free will to go against God's purpose. &gt;&gt; That's what Lucifer did. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Adam chose by free will. So I was having this conversation with my sons uh some weeks ago and one of them said to me, "You mean so we have our glorified bodies in the millennium and we'll be we'll have our theophony. Will we still have free will?" I said, "Yes." He said, "So you mean we could choose to not follow God in the millennium?" I said, "Yeah, you can, but you won't &gt;&gt; because you've already made the choice here." &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. and you have fulfilled it and you've come to the full to the fullness of the word. So that's where we go to. Why was Adam able to forfeit his theophony? He hadn't come to the fullness. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Christ was the fullness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And came to flesh. Adam was still growing. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; So he was able to make a free You have to start with free will. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Because that's the place. So when you choose not to do God's will, that is sin. Lucifer sinned in heaven by forsaking his God-given purpose and desiring a different purpose. He didn't do anything immoral like earthly immorality. He didn't do anything wrong like killing someone or shooting someone or im sexual immorality or stealing. He didn't do anything. He desired a different purpose to what God had given him and he sinned. Sin began in heaven. Now I want to read this quote to you. All right. This our second last quote I think. Okay. Um harvest time part of 286. Are you ready for this? How many of you believe Christ fell? Hm. Christ fell. Like he did the second Adam. Adam after Adam fell, he began to raise the second Adam and the second Adam fell. Then it was taken up. The first Adam fell in his sin and stayed there. The second Adam fell to redeem a man from sin and was taken up. So here's one for my friends who think they only say what the prophet says. Poor guys. Here you are called on to explain what he is literally saying. &gt;&gt; Cuz if you only say second Adam fell, what do you mean that Christ fell? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. He will just say what he says. &gt;&gt; You just say what he says and you're going to cause trouble. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because when I said Christ fell, I saw the look on all your faces. What are you talking about? The second But you have a quote where he says the second Adam fell. How did the second Adam fall, my brother? Does he mean the second Adam Christ sinned? This is an easy one. Of course, you'll come up with some bright message answers. No, he's he took sin upon himself. You know, Christ made a free will decision to relinquish his theophony so he could die on Calvary. &gt;&gt; Amen. for the sake of his bride. He did exactly what Adam did. &gt;&gt; You know that. &gt;&gt; See, but you have to explain what brother says, which means you're going to end up saying what he did not say. &gt;&gt; Of course, I know the answer. It to me, it's just the hypocrisy that is rank. The fall of both Adams was a free will choice to save the bride. Except one lost his theophony and the second went back to his theophony. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; After he was resurrected. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Here's in in conclusion something that really blew it open for me many years ago when I was a young minister and I will say this. I believe that Adam's theophony was growing to maturity. I didn't know that theophanies grow until the same prophet who speaks so weirdly said it. I didn't know because and that's the real problem because when you think theophony you think this complete powerful all powerful being which is there it's waiting for you. No, the prophet says it grows. He was so Christ was fully the word which mean he had a theophony that was fully grown if you could put it that way. &gt;&gt; Right. In fact, it it didn't even grow. His theophony came straight from the fountain of life to &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; King Theophony. &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. But with Adam, he came from attribute to theophony and he had to grow. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He had to learn. Right. Let's read question and answer. Where do I get it from? Page 1156 58. This is a dying spirit in a dying body. But now you can't be in two bodies at one time. But there can be two natures in you at one time. Now the nature of the spirit of the Lord when you're born again, you're born a physical like the baby was. But what's happened is spiritual birth has come to you. And while the spiritual bird is growing into your heart of God, there's a physical or celestial body growing to receive the spirit. He says your celestial body is growing in proportion to how the new birth is growing in you on earth. So as the word grows in you here, theophony grows in heaven. So I didn't I explained this to you. I said I don't believe that theophony is growing like in height and stature. It's growing in potential. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. And I'm going to explain this. He says when the spirit leaves his body and goes out into that body, there's a body waiting for you. So wherever you died in the in the in in the church ages, when you died, you went no longer into the fifth. You went into the sixth dimension. You went into a theophony body waiting for you. Right? When I read this many years ago, it opened up so much to me. When I was young, in my heart, I questioned because of how it was preached back then. If theophony was this ultimate achievement of perfection, how could Luther and Wesley and all the dead saints be in theophony while they had not reached perfection? Right. Luther was a trinitarian. How could he go into theophony? He was a he was a he drank beer and smoked a pipe. He was a regular German. How could he go into theophony? Those were the questions I had as a youth. Why did all the saints that the prophet saw beyond the curtain of time in their theophony say they couldn't see Jesus yet? &gt;&gt; It bugged me. It occurred to me because of this quote that it was possible that a theophony or a celestial body grew in potential based on the word that you came to in your day. He said as a spiritual grow birth grows in you, your physical celestial body grows obviously in the sixth dimension waiting for your spirit to inhabit. So if you die having believed a portion of the true word for your day, you enter into your theophony which has the potential of the word you received and believed. &gt;&gt; It occurred to me that this was the reason why they were not complete. &gt;&gt; And without us they cannot be made perfect. &gt;&gt; They are waiting for us to come into the marriage of the lamb and the bride. We can only Why are we called the bride? Because we come to the fullness of the word. We can only marry the fullness of the word if we've come to the fullness of the word ourselves and they are waiting for that perfection. Amen. They are waiting for us to complete the race. So which will if we then achieve that we will make the choice never to forsake our purpose and manifest it in the millennium someday. That's what we are here for. We are here to make the choice. Eve could not because Eve was also growing. We are come to the fullness. He says the church made the mistake at na but not this bride. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he brings us the open book. We come to we receive the full word within us. We have the answer to the devil's question. We will not exercise our free will against God's will. Look at what the test was in Gethsemane. What was it about? Will. &gt;&gt; Father, if it be thy will, let this cup pass. Nevertheless, not my will, but thy will be done. Victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love him, saints. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, this is the reason why I I believe you can read who's MelkiseDC and you understand what happened with Adam was he forfeited his theophony and he became flesh, plain flesh, without theophony and was tempted. From there on, he was tempted and tested by sin for the rest of his life. But he had to make the free will choice to forfeit his theophony. Amen. The reason he was called Adam was because he had a theophony. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The created man of Genesis 1:26 was called Adam. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Genesis 5:1. In the day that he created him, male and female made he him. Male and female created he them, and called their name Adam. Their designation was to bring forth many sons of God. All other sons of God failed. And there come a second Adam who comes from theophony to flesh to bring forth many sons like unto himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. Question four. Last question and we can close. Are we and our wives in theophony? One in theophony. Does that mean we share one theophony body? In fact, the brother asked me this question. asked me do you and your wife have one theophony so this last question obviously is related to the last one again because I don't know everything what I say is subject to correction I believe that there's a lot to this but I will uh I'll start this way the process is that we should have come by the word first and we should have been in my wife and I should have been in theophony first and And then our body's spoken into existence and perfectly into that. Are we together? That's the process. It should have happened. But now we bypass the offen. The seed comes from eternity to find bodies of flesh. Those bodies of flesh are struggling with self-will. Right? So each I believe that each man and each woman has their own celestial body. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. When sin came in, it changed the process and we became flesh first born of a woman not having. So my wife and I are born into this world and we don't have the same purposes. She's born into a family that has its own purpose. My family has its own purpose. They have their own idea of life. We have our own idea of life. We come into we meet one another. We fall in love. We don't even know what that means. What it actually means is we realize we can have one purpose together. That's what it means. We can share one purpose. We have to forfeit our free will for one another for the same purpose. &gt;&gt; That's what marriage actually is for some of you who don't know that. And that's what makes you one in theophony. The purpose because that's what theophony was for initially. It was about a purpose. Right? So our struggle with our wives and our husbands today is the uniting of purpose. We struggle to see eye to eye. If we don't accept that we share one earthly purpose, we struggle. Right? So if the wife you choose in life believes in the word as you do and you have one purpose, she like you will grow to be one in the right and yet for the translation you will have your own celestial form. Are you with me? What does it mean one in theophony? The same way you are one here in purpose. Theophony you are one in purpose. And that actually tells you for the millennium you'll be united glorified body which is flesh and theophony joined. There'll be no conflict of purpose. Are you with me? So that's what I think that means which leads us down a rabbit hole of many other questions. Right? And I'm just going to tell you what happens to those who were married and divorced. What happens to those whose wife died and took another? What happens to those who came from polygamous marriage which is the true wife on the other side? I'm so glad I don't have that problem. You could use the prophet's experience. You could say, "Well, he saw on the other side one wife on this arm, one wife on the other, both wives are in heaven." I don't know, saints. I cannot confirm any of those things. I way out of my depth. Right? You could use his experience to claim this and and some brothers will say, "Well, the wife you married first, she'll be your one in the offen. She's the one who refuses to believe the word here." What's going on? The other one from the polygamous number three is the one that actually loves the word. What's happening? [Music] My advice to you is not concern yourself with another existence in the future while you're struggling with this present one. &gt;&gt; Let's focus on this existence. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's get this right and let God take up the take care of heaven in the future. &gt;&gt; I don't need to break my brain about which wife is going to be there with me. And I cannot tell you how I know I'm making light of it, but there's there are people who come from from those situations and it's going to be like, you know, like if I know which one it is, I'll give more preference to that one. You know, I'm way out of my debt, saints. I don't I don't know how to answer those questions. I don't know anything about that. That is all in God's hands. My point to you, live as close to the word as you can today. Stand for the truth. Do everything you can to please God's word and let him take care of the future and the rest. Amen. Let's bow our heads together.
