################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-10 - Who and What is God - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-10
Title:    Who and What is God? - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0_19wvpjUg
========================================

Description:
From the sermon: Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P1 "The Spirit of Truth and the Spirit of Lies"

See link to video:
https://youtu.be/YZz2Se-qZBM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Who and what is God really? How can you know there's uh in the Bible under the um the Jewish dispensation when God brought in the book of Leviticus and the Levitical law he told them not to make any idols graven images not to worship anything bird fish animal male female rock whatever it is do not make any image and say that is me and don't worship that as if you are worshiping me that is idolatry Why? Why would he do that? Because when you focus on a form, you you have a nature to obsess on the form. And then humans don't stop there. You start making replicas of that form. You start drawing pictures of it. You then start putting crowns on it. Then you start decorating it. Then you start painting it. Then you put it in some place. Then you start making people pay to see it. Sounds like religion, right? That's why idolatry is evil. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; All right. So, who is God really? And how can we best describe his nature? Okay. So, the best thing to do because you have already come into this world and unfortunately every one of you have been fed a bunch of lies. From the time you could hear and understand and read, you were fed lies. We know this now. Some of you don't know this. You are about to know this. Okay. So, begin to understand who God really is. We first have to tell you what is not God. &gt;&gt; See, all the world has told you about God. And almost everything you believe about God is a lie. So, let's begin. Who is God? This is not God. This comes from medieval paintings, medieval, middle ages, European people who u had these great artists during the Renaissance period, you know, the the period of Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo and they're great men, great talented men, but by their artwork they deceived the whole world because God does not have a massive throne in the clouds. That's just false. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And he doesn't have winged angels flying around in space. &gt;&gt; And um you know I did this uh I did this um experiment. I do this experiment wherever I go, wherever I preach, especially with young people as well. I tell everybody, close your eyes and imagine God, right? And everybody imagines God like that. How do you how did that happen? How is it POSSIBLE THAT THE ENTIRE HUMAN race imagines God the same way? We live in South Africa where the majority of us are black people. Even black people see a white God and it's got nothing to do with race. I I even asked the the young black kids, who is God? Is he darkkinned or fairkinned? He's fair skinned. He's white. It's got nothing to do with race. Who told you God even has a race? &gt;&gt; Blonde hair, blue eyes, brown hair. What? Why does God even need hair? Does he have a bad hair day sometimes? Why does he have to have a beard? Because in the Renaissance period, a man with the beard showed wisdom, so they drew him with a beard. And then um does he have light shining from him? Does he have a halo around his head? Is he giant? Why does he have to be a giant and have a massive chair? Why does God need to sit? Does he get tired? &gt;&gt; See, I told you it's all been lies and we accepted it and we s we drew the pictures. Nobody sees a black god. I mean, African. And nobody sees an Indian god either. Just they're expecting him to have more arms than normal. Maybe [laughter] nobody does. Uh and this goes into the denomination. This is definitely not God. Can you see that old man? He looks like he can barely move, &gt;&gt; you know. And then I don't know what they're holding. Maybe that's earth. They look giant. And the dove there flying in who knows where. The dove which is an earthly creature is supposed to be the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; just because of a scripture that says descended like a dove from heaven. Like a dove. But no, there is a winged creature foul bird called the Holy Ghost in these pictures and there's all these people around. They're angels, you know. And the one thing that always gets me about how they paint God is he's so feminine and Jesus, &gt;&gt; THEY LOOK LIKE ALL THEY HAVE IS no muscle. They're just love, right? Compassion. So feminine. I don't get it. They all paint them like that. This children is not God. &gt;&gt; It's been a lie. Okay? And neither is Jesus sitting there next to And they all dressed in robes, you know, like why don't they dress like us? Why do they dress like people from 4,000 years ago? What? Did they not get the fashion magazine? They not update themselves. I I told you the reason I speak like this is to mock it &gt;&gt; so you understand it because Okay, let me put it this way. Because of the indoctrination of these pictures, when you see it in your mind, that's what you assume a holy man should look like and a prophet should look like. They should be dressed in robes from 4,000 years ago or 2,000 years ago. Which is why when a a man of God today speaks to you who's dressed like me, you don't consider him to be a man of God as compared with those. And therefore the way you are, you can't even see yourself as a man of God because you just don't compare to that image. &gt;&gt; And this is definitely again not God. God does not care for gold from earth, crowns, an orb from the Catholic Church, and a staff. What is that? What is it? That's like Zeus and Apollo. That's what that is, right? It's not even God. And there's the dove again with a ring around his head this time. And there's clouds. Lord knows where those clouds are. All right. So God is not an old looking white man or light-skinned man or black man or Indian man who lives in the universe and nowhere nowhere live parked somewhere off in a galaxy far far away. No. Right. Not sitting upon a giant throne doing nothing else. What does God do? Nothing else but sit. And all the angels must come in all the time, bowing down, singing choir in heaven. And then there angels bowing down, raising, throwing down crowds. All this happens while this old man just sits and says, "Give me more. Give me more. Come on. Give me more. A little bit louder there, a little bit better this way." Lies. Right. And with Jesus sitting there next to him, you know, usual story, son who doesn't have a job [laughter] making nothing but weird signs like peace and the scout symbol, you know, and all those things. That's all. Jesus is just sitting next to the father doing nothing. Doesn't have a job. The only thing is when some poor soul on earth who has a real problem and needs some help, he whispers in prayer to Jesus. And then Jesus says, "Hey, Dad, got a guy has a problem. Please help him out. He really liked me when I was on earth." That's Jesus's job, apparently. Lies again. And then you know what? Things get really tough. Things get really tough because now there's 7 billion people on the planet. You know, Jesus can only hear so many prayers at a time, you know. So, let's employ some saints who will then, you know, Christopher and Martin and Thomas and who else? These these saints. And don't forget Mary. She's also got a heavy schedule. She needs a secretary, you know, and then you pray to them and they'll escalate your prayer to Jesus who will escalate your prayer to God. And hopefully by next year you might get it, you know, before you fill out the pink slip and the blue slip and the yellow slip and reach second floor and third floor. And it's like a like they're telling us it's a business. The business of heaven. You got to go through this one first. You have to go to your pastor and your pastor will take your prayer to saint whoever and the saint lies. AND YOU'VE BEEN SWALLOWING IT. THIS WORLD has been swallowing. Let's not even get to other religions. At least we've got two and a couple of saints. There are others who've got thousands. I don't know how their management goes. Some of them have gods up and below and everywhere. And uh depending on what you want, you have to make sacrifices to wherever to to get some answer from somewhere. Let's not even go there. Okay. This was a lie started by ancient religions. The reason why Christians adopted these things is because of paganism and heathenism &gt;&gt; and because those narcissistic men who wanted to control humanity hijacked Christianity and stuck all the paganism in there and put fear into mankind. God's name is not just Jehovah or Yahweh or Elohim. God does not even need a name to call himself by. Look at just the idea of that. So if you don't pray to God, if you don't call out to God in Jehovah or Elohim or Yahweh or Jesus, he won't hear you. You know, that's a really bad boss. You know, it's like, I need something, but just because I don't use those specific names, he's not going to hear me. Oh, you got to use that name. And here's the problem. This is the reason man always asked for a name. That's why God gave them one and not a name to tie himself down by that this is his only name. THIS IS THE MOST POWERFUL NAME. NO, those names that reveal who God is in that period of time, right? I remember I told you this. He reveals himself to Abraham. He's al Shadai. Then he's he reveals himself to Moses as Jehovah. And then the the name Jehovah is used for some period of time and then u uh Samson's father who's Monoah asks the angel tell us what is your name? He says why do you ask my name? Don't you know it's a secret? How is his name a secret in Monoah's day when you were revealed as Jehovah and El Shadai in other days? Because the name of God is just simply this, the revelation of God for that present day. &gt;&gt; That's what you call on. And you don't call on a name like Alistister, John, Mark, Joseph, whatever. You don't. That's not it. It's a revelation of God. That is a name. See, our names mean nothing. They're just names our parents gave us. You know that they're a form of identification to see who you are in this time. That's all we use names for. Names don't even define you anymore. &gt;&gt; Right? Names used to be something that gave you identification, a proper identification of where you came from, who you are, where what your lineage is, which land you come from. You don't even have that, right? It's just names and surnames today. So who God is or what his name was in any time was the was the revelation of him for that time. Amen. And he was the the name Jesus. Now why Jesus is important is the revelation of Jesus. What is Jesus? There's no power in the literal name because we know in Spain there's plenty of Jesus running around kicking a soccer ball for fun. &gt;&gt; Jesus and whatever. Everyone's isus in the Greek and and and uh in all the languages we've got all these people who are named Jesus. They don't walk around with halos and supernatural powers and every time someone shoots them they rise from the dead. No, there's no absolutely no power in that literal name. But there's power in the revelation &gt;&gt; of who Jesus was 2,000 years ago. &gt;&gt; AMEN. THAT'S WHY IT has become the name above all names. It is the most relatable name to humankind. Okay, let's move on. Because of the misunderstanding of who God is, religions that were formed on earth have led people to terrible beliefs, even more terrible ways of worship. Okay? And so this is going to be a minieries. So we're going to get to some other things, but I just want to lay the foundation for today. So these religions that have been fueled and and founded on lies has made life on earth follow a massive and terrible lie. The Lord Jesus came to manifest God in flesh to us. who God really is. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And he told us something important, something phenomenal. God is a spirit. &gt;&gt; That's what he told us. Now, in Christianity, it's been commonly believed that, like you saw in those pictures, God is the father. Jesus is the son of God. Everyone's heard that, right? So they they took God and they made him two people and then they put the dove there, the Holy Ghost and that they are three trinity, holy trinity they call it, right? Christians have believed since they converted from heathenism and paganism. Okay, so for some of you who don't know, heathenism is or heathen is a word in the Bible which means somebody who doesn't know God, somebody who worships God through idols of rock and wood and stone and so on like that. and paganism as people who actually have a belief in they worship the creation the earth trees you know like um not even having to form an an idol or an image they literally worship the creation they have you heard of what is it ga earth mother and a whole lot of other things uh we did some of it some time ago in different teachings but that's what paganism basically is about and they have these very some of them very nice, fascinating rituals, you know, different kinds of weird prayers and meditation and, you know, burning of incense and beliefs in in in rocks and minerals and uh um gases and airs very very um creationbased, right? And so when Christianity came to the Gentiles, because we already had those things, we put them into Christianity, right? So the Lord Jesus himself in the words recorded of him seems to give glory to the father. We know that, right? And so the father they what happened with heathenism and paganism is they said the father is god in his own form in his own body and Jesus is the son of god in another form in his own body and that according to the bible is absolutely false. &gt;&gt; I the lord your god am one lord. You shall have no other god beside me. &gt;&gt; Amen. There is no second person or third person. He is one Lord. Okay. Already people be confused like okay but what about the father? What about the son? Well we've taught you that. So Christians have argued about this for over 2,000 years. And it's separated Christianity separated into many groups. Some of them are called trinitarians. They worship and they believe they hold as the foundation of their belief the holy trinity. And then you have the others who are oneness, right? Just one. Jesus is that body that is God. It's like the idol. And it's not exactly the oneness doctrine of the oneness Pentecostal movement. But then it separated people into different groups. And then there's others who believe in a two-part godhead, father and son. So the real problem is all Christians today cannot agree on who God is. Is the father God? Is Jesus God? Is the Holy Ghost God? Is the Holy Spirit and the Father the same person, the same being? Are they not? Why are they not? All these questions and they just circle it. They skirt the issue. They don't answer the questions. So, what does the Lord Jesus himself say? All right, are you with me? &gt;&gt; We're going to have a really fascinating discussion about uh this particular situation. John 4:24, God is a, this is the Lord Jesus speaking, God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. We're going to break that down for you, right? But firstly, if Jesus was God, why now? He's a he's a man standing there speaking to the woman at the well and he says God is a spirit and if you worship him you must worship him in spirit and in truth. Why is he as a man standing there? If he was God why is he saying God is a spirit? Why didn't he just say I am God? This is what all those Christians who are trinitarians will tell you. Why didn't he just say I am God? Why didn't he just tell the people what they wanted to hear? He was definitely Christ was definitely speaking in harmony with the rest of the scriptures. Why? Because when God spoke to Moses through the pillar of fire, was the pillar of fire God? No. The pillar of fire was the veil through which the spirit of God spoke. When he spoke through the pillar of cloud, was the cloud God? No. He spoke through the cloud. He used the cloud as a veil to hide whatever there was to hide. Are you with us? &gt;&gt; And so in the same way when he spoke through angels, when he came as the angel of the Lord speaking to Samson's father, the angel itself was not God, but the spirit was God. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so in Jesus Christ, he did Christ never asked us to make idols of that body. &gt;&gt; That's right. and make figures and statues and pictures and worship the picture or worship the statue or worship the body. That would be incorrect with what the Bible teaches. &gt;&gt; God is a spirit. &gt;&gt; The vessel or the veil or the body is what he hides himself behind. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the Bible. Okay. So uh we also have to make a note that he was not speaking the this is what I love about the situation. Christ here is not speaking to great theologians in Bible schools and professors and holy men and kings. He's these profound words are being spoken to a nobody. A woman who's rejected. SHE'S NOT EVEN JEWISH for crying OUT LOUD. SHE'S NOT EVEN ISRAELITE. He is supposed to be an Israel. He's an Israelite apparently. And he's speaking to them to her. And she even says to him, "You're not supposed to be speaking to me according to the law because Samaritans were outcast people. They were literally Gentiles who had ties by blood somehow to Abraham." Right? So, um he's not speaking to even holy men. This this passage of scripture WITH THIS PROFOUND UNDERSTANDING OF GOD is not even spoken to a church or holy men or priests or prophets. It's spoken to a nobody. That's what I find so amazing about it. Okay, I'll I'll stop my amazement for another time. But we also have to make note that he was he was speaking to somebody who are you all with me? HE DID NOT HAVE TO DO miracles for her. He didn't have to do any healing. He didn't have to do any spiritual event. &gt;&gt; He didn't have to raise someone from the dead. She was not even an Israelite. All he did was speak the word &gt;&gt; and the truth to her. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what I like message people to wake up and believe here and see. to everyone else. He had to do some miracle. He had to heal the leper, heal the sick, open the eyes of the blind, raise the dead, uh feed the 5,000 with with uh five loaves of bread and two fishes. But with this woman, he just sits there and talks to her and reveals the most profound message in all scripture. &gt;&gt; Amen. All he did was speak the truth. Come on now. Let's wake up. Why am I telling you this? Because this is what he's doing with us. &gt;&gt; This is exactly what he's doing with the bride today. Everyone else is running around searching for miracles. I won't believe in God unless he heals me of cancer. I won't believe in God unless he does this for me. I won't believe in God unless he gives me this miracle. And churches are even uh advertising, COME TO OUR CHURCH FOR a miracle. Why can you not believe God's word without a miracle? &gt;&gt; All he did was speak the truth. He spoke the most amaz I want you to go back home today, sit down at lunch and read John 4, the chapter John 4. Right? I want you to have a look at this conversation that he spoke with this woman at the well. It's fascinating, right? All he does is sit there and speak the truth to her. The unadulterated truth. No, no holes barred, no punches held. He just tells her the truth, right? And he spoke the most amazing mystery to this unknown woman. And after this great verse of saying, "God is a spirit. They that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." Yes. &gt;&gt; She then says this. The woman said unto him, I know that when Messiah comes, which is called Christ, so she knows about Messiah and she knows about Christ. When he has come, he will tell us all things. Verse 26, Jesus said unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. He did not admit this to any other person &gt;&gt; in scripture &gt;&gt; to nobody else to not even the disciples. Not even the the people who not even his mother mother not even his village. Not even the people who tried him. Not the high priest. Not any holy man. He says it TO THIS WOMAN. EVERYONE ELSE HE SPEAKS ABOUT THE SON OF man shall do this, the son of man shall do this if you believe in my words and so on. This is the only person in all scripture that he says I am the Messiah. &gt;&gt; I AM THE CHRIST. I am he. &gt;&gt; I that speak unto thee am he. &gt;&gt; This is phenomenal. This is why I'm saying you really need to go and read this and chew the cut here. Right? When she hears him conclude John 4:24 and she said and and when he says God is a spirit and if you worship him, you must worship him in spirit and IN TRUTH. HER REACTION TO THAT VERSE to those words is we know that when Messiah comes, he will tell us all things. It's related. She didn't just come up with some &gt;&gt; something to say. She didn't just SAY THOSE WORDS. SHE WAS SAYING THOSE words in reaction to we have to worship him in spirit and in truth. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So why is she saying Messiah will tell us all things? Because all things were not yet told. &gt;&gt; In other words, she's saying how are WE GOING TO WORSHIP him in truth? &gt;&gt; If all THINGS ARE NOT TOLD, &gt;&gt; you understand it now. There we go. &gt;&gt; So she knew there was a need for all things. She knew there was a need for the truth to be told. She knew THAT HE WAS TELLING her things already that was stirring up her heart and things nobody ELSE HAS EVER SPOKEN to her before. She had a sense &gt;&gt; that this is he. &gt;&gt; This is the reason why she even said that. We know that when Messiah who is called Christ when he comes see then he tells her the ultimate truth. I that speak unto thee am he. This is incredible. No theatrics, no speaking in tongues, &gt;&gt; no prophecies, no raising of the dead, no healing of the body, no miracle. She went away without any miracle being done for her. IN FACT, HE JUST TOLD HER THE BRUTAL TRUTH. You're a sinner. YOU'VE HAD FIVE husbands and the one you're living with is not even yours. right there. She should have turned around and said, you know, like we are today, who do you think you are? Like, WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM? WHO DIED AND MADE YOU GO? WHY ARE YOU JUDGING me like the young people today? So judgy. H no, nothing. She just sat there and listened. Imagine, and this is why I say with church people, it's like we have to constantly deal with you with kid gloves. Imagine if I had to come and start off with you teaching you the word and start by judging you, start by telling you what's wrong with your life. You wouldn't even last 5 minutes. You'd be like, "Excuse me, I don't need to listen to this. I I'm asking you today, if Christ came to you and started with what's wrong in your life, how would you accept it? If you can't accept it from me, who is your brother? you think you're just going to accept it from Christ? And he started there and went on with it and she sat and listened despite the judgment that just came. Incredible. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; This is amazing to me that all message people need to see but cannot see. Why can you not listen when he speaks to us like he spoke to the woman at the well? Why do we behave like the 5,000 who WERE FED WITH FIVE loaves and two fishes? How did they behave? THEY WERE JUST FED BY AN ABSOLUTE MIRACLE. They should have fell down there and worshiped God and said, "We believe you, our Messiah. We are we understand all things now. We believe it. We have seen it for ourselves. Uh we will worship. Tell us anything we must do and we shall do it. WE WILL LAY DOWN OUR LIVES." INSTEAD, they followed him across the Sea of Galilee wanting more food. And then HE STARTED SPEAKING TO THEM the brutal truth. And he said, "You seek meat that perishes. You want earthly blessings." In other words, I am the bread that came down from heaven. He starts speaking third ministry. &gt;&gt; He said, "Your fathers looked for for meat that perisheth and they died in the wilderness. The bread that I give you will give you eternal life. And then he GOES ON AND EXPRESSES THE MYSTERY. Eat my flesh and drink my blood. And they couldn't understand. He was not talking about physically eating him. Of course, he was talking about his word that they should believe his every word. They all turned against him, including the 70 disciples, the 70 disciples WHO HAD RECEIVED THE SPIRIT OF GOD FROM HIM TO GO AND CAST out devils and do healings. They all turn away from him when he spoke the brutal truth which tells you that the majority of people in the world if Christ should come like they want him to like they claim he's coming will reject him again &gt;&gt; because they did it the first time. I this is to me the the uh the idiocy of humans today to think that they've been waiting for Jesus to come the second time for so many years and that now if he comes we will believe him. This is the reason I say his idiocy IS BECAUSE HE ALREADY CAME THE FIRST time and only 12 believed &gt;&gt; 11. AND THE THE BIGGEST CHURCH HE HAD was 120 &gt;&gt; who were left after he had ascended. You mean the Messiah himself couldn't have a 24,000 seater church, 50,000 SEATER CHURCH? YOU MEAN GOD HIMSELF made flesh couldn't be so convincing to have the greatest church, the greatest movement? IT WAS BECAUSE HE WAS THE TRUTH THAT the whole world rejected him. Yeah. Amen. &gt;&gt; And this is why I say it's idiocy to think that now Christians believe if he comes, if he shows himself, if he comes flying in the clouds and billowing in those clothes that they painted him in and he's just standing there in the heavens and and uh Jesus comes a second time and the trumpets are blowing and all the world is just going to say, "Oh my goodness, it's Jesus." All the Hindus and Muslims and poor people who didn't believe in Christ will say we were wrong. Let's all bow the knee and every tongue confess that Jesus is Lord. Lies. &gt;&gt; No one's going to believe it. I told you the first thing is the new generation will say that's some kind of hologram. &gt;&gt; CNN will be saying, "What is this? This is some some new scientific thing. People are flying in the sky. It cannot be." THEY WILL DO EVERYTHING IN THEIR power to speak against it. BECAUSE THE WORLD DOESN'T WANT CHRIST. &gt;&gt; They want lives &gt;&gt; like they're leading now. They want sin. They want Netflix. They want movies. They want awful music. They want uh fornication, drugs, alcohol. They would rather drink themselves till they are drunk and passed out than ever hear the truth. They want to watch the rugby and drink a whole bunch of beer and belch like a sailor. They want to waste their time spending money on idiotic things. Nobody cares for the truth. And they all are saying in their drunken stuper that they are waiting for Jesus to come. Let's go to church on Sundays for Easter and Christmas and maybe Jesus will accept us. That's Christianity today. That's why I say to you, that's why we're getting more atheists because the Christians themselves don't believe &gt;&gt; and are not ambassadors at all of the word. So what is outstanding here is that if they fail to hear the word, if the people of earth today failed to hear and believe the word of God, God cannot even reveal truth to you. I am he. That's you know what I see in there? I am he. you that there's so much in there that's also saying I am here. I am here. The one you've been waiting for. I am here. &gt;&gt; I have come. I've been here for the last 30 years. Can you imagine all that dawning on her right there in that moment? That's what we read this Bible like a book of texts and scriptures. We don't get ourselves into the stand on the ground at the at the well where she stood and feel it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I am here. I am he. I have come. I'm the one the world has been looking for. And she's sitting there regarding this man who just looks like a normal man. You mean no halo, no uh supernatural powers, not doing anything fantastic. He looks tired, dusty from the travel. He looks thirsty and even hungry. He looks even a little bit sleepy. You mean that is God made flesh, the Messiah, the Christ? I am here going back to John 4:24. So, let's just read that quickly. I want to get to the next part. All right? And then we'll come back to God as a spirit. They that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Okay, everybody from this church, you know what worship means. What is worship? To submit to. Worship in the Bible actually means to bow down to something. And I'll say it again. We all know this in English. We've known this for many years. You call a magistrate of the court your worship, right? You know, nobody goes to court and sings hymns and psalms to the magistrate. Praise be the magistrate. Hallelujah. That's not worship. &gt;&gt; Shouting hallelujah and singing and praying, that's not worship. &gt;&gt; That's praise. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. You can praise something and not worship it. That means you can sing to Jesus, you can sing to God, but in your heart you don't submit to his word. That's just praise. That's not worship. That's the same as when you're married and uh let's say you're you're the wife and you're supposed to submit to your husband and you give him gifts and you you um bestow praise upon him, but in your heart you don't really submit to him. You understand? So it's it's we do this all all around the world today. We give gifts. We give praise. We say to uh everybody good job inside he's still an idiot, &gt;&gt; right? You deserve A GIFT. WELL DONE. Your boss tells you well done. Gives you some promotion incentive. In the meantime, he's got you where he needs you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. H worship does not mean singing and praising. Worship is not prayer. Worship is not uh uh reading your Bible. Worship is not kneeling down. Worship is not closing your eyes like you make yourself look so serious. Praise be to God. No. That's religion, tradition, praising. Anybody can do that and bluff us. And there's no submission inside. Okay. To worship means to submit to a leadership. [clears throat] So how do you worship God in spirit and truth? How do you submit to him in spirit and truth? The first thing is you've got to say God is my headship. God is my leader. &gt;&gt; Right? So two things. One, how do I submit to the leadership of God in spirit first? Then how do I submit to the leadership of God in truth? Second, right? In spirit means not by works, not by religion, uh not by the mind, not by reasoning, but from deeper within. deeper than that. Okay? Not by works of the flesh or by this is why Christians and all religions they do their due diligence. They go to church. They do their prayers. They do their sacrifices. If you're not a Christian, the they pray five times a day or something or they dress in holy garb clothes or they do some tradition of religion. That is not worship. That is works which is only visible to the eyes of men. That's the reason why most religious god-fearing people are frauds because they have a cloak of religion acting as if they believe in God for their own gain. That's not submission. That's not worship. That's works for men to see. Right? Then in truth, how do I submit in truth? In truth means not in the knowledge of man. So you can't submit to God with the knowledge that man can give you, right? Not by education. You're not going to be closer to God. In fact, the more educated you are, the further you get away from God. Because education today is going to lead you away from believing in God. It's going to tell you God doesn't exist and science proves this and science proves that and and uh quantum physics shows this and biology shows that and anthropology shows that and and uh paleontology shows that. The more you learn, the further and further you get away from believing in God. You cannot serve God. You cannot submit to him by education. Which is why most educated young people today expect to be convinced of God like the way the universities convince them. Show me evidence. You know almost all the evidence we have today is so small, so minute, it's so ridiculous. You know, I was I was talking to our our um family a few weeks ago. Um and you know, I was showing them if you take the Earth, uh let's say the Earth was I don't have a ball here, but let's say the Earth was that big, right? The furthest our satellites, okay? The furthest our satellites have moved outside of our Earth is that far. that far. Can you see? That far. We're not moving in space that far away. That means even all the pictures they show you of Earth is a projected image. We don't have the capacity to take that picture. And then they oh the web telescope and this telescope. No, those telescopes which have gone off in in a distance have to accumulate images that they get to form a picture. We don't even have the capacity to take a picture of the planet. But we sell the images to our kids. This is it. This is we can barely survive that much past the earth. And those people who do those jumps from space and whatever, can you can you imagine? That's as far as we can get with this the great science today that proves God doesn't exist. That's as far as we can travel. That tells you how elaborate the lie has to be. &gt;&gt; See, to disprove God, you've got to create the most elaborate lie. And the amazing thing is we've got these screens, these HD pictures, these um amazing uh stories that people can come up with, the story of life and paleontology and the dinosaurs. And we don't even have enough evidence on the dinosaurs to fully construct and know what an actual dinosaur fully looks like. &gt;&gt; There's so much of lie in there that creates the image. We use computer imaging. Young people, computer imaging. Oh, THEY USE COMPUTER IMAGING. HOW DOES computer imaging work? THEY HAVE TO PUT DATA into the computer &gt;&gt; to form the image. If if you gave the computer the knowledge of God, would it form that image? &gt;&gt; So, how do you even know what the dinosaur if we don't tell them make it look lizardlike? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Make it have scales. The computer is a machine. It doesn't know what's feathers and scales and all of that. You've got to put in the data. &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; THEN PUT ALL your other stuff in. And then this this thing will make an image based on what you programmed it to do. &gt;&gt; The rest is human imagination. Okay. So, we don't really know whether a T-Rex and why is it only found in North America where all the greatest liars are. Hey, the ones that fool the whole world. Why Why don't we find T-Rexes here? Why aren't we finding Diplodocus here in Africa? This is where all the big animals deserve to be. This continent, the big five. We should have an even bigger five somewhere else. No, no dinosaurs here. H Well, at least not like that. No, we get the the luxury of all the small minute fossils, you know. No people, it's what man put into the computer and what that's what spits it out. &gt;&gt; Truth is not by the knowledge of man, not by traditions. You can't serve God in truth by fear for selfish reasons, not by histories. There's a new thing now in Christianity is all these scholars coming up studying the historical records. And every time you, like I always say, you kick a bush and another historian pops out and another expert pops out on the Bible and now and then you get this guy who refutes that guy and now the internet is filled with all these guys refuting each other AND THIS ONE DESTROYS this one, right? You know, with the glasses on. Yeah. He destroys THEM. THIS ONE DESTROYS THIS ONE AND THIS ONE DESTROYS this one. Who's telling us the truth? who has the better knowledge of the recorded history. Now we have to prove which scrolls are authentic, what that writing says, who interpreted that writing and and transcribed into this one and what year this happened. And we can sit there for two hours and listen to these guys discussing about which year and what was done here and there. And when you're done with it, nobody knows what to believe. They have a vote. You know, like how many of you here in the audience believe in this guy and how many believe that this guy's argument was better and then they have these this like poll number that comes out. You know, the majority 80% believe this guy. What then? Therefore, he must be telling the truth because 80%. No, not even madeup philosophies, but by the correct understanding brought only by faith in the revelation of God for your day. That's the only truth there can be. Okay, let's get a little bit more into that. You love him, saints. &gt;&gt; It was then revealed to us that the Lord Jesus was that spirit of God made flesh. That's what the Bible then tells us, right? Which was called the son. That is the son. The same spirit of God made flesh is called the son. So here's my question for all you geniuses, right? Who've been following Christianity and the message for so long. What is a spirit? Can anyone sitting here with red blood and gray cells upstairs, I hope, explain to me in plain English, what is a spirit? Use some intellectual articulation to tell me what a spirit is. Oh, but we say amen. WORSHIP HIM IN SPIRIT, BROTHER. WHAT IS A SPIRIT? H we can barely explain it. Try it. I did. Gets me nowhere. For some reason, we have just accepted it as being something real. And some of us even have an imagination of it. I I guarantee you if I ask the children, they'll start giving me answers like this. You older people will fumble because you don't want to be wrong. Children will tell you. Spirit is like if I ask the children what color is a spirit it'll be white like a mist be like LIKE LIKE SMOKE INSIDE A PERSON THEY'LL COME UP WITH ANSWERS THEY'LL TELL exactly what they think that's what children do but you and I will be very reserved to say because we don't want to be wrong right but nobody I know can tell us exactly what it is and neither can I the word spirit can be used in many this This is amazing, right? This this one word we have no idea of is the one word running right through from the beginning from Genesis to Revelation. WE JUST AND THIS IS WHAT WE DO AS CHRISTIANS. WE'VE GOT THESE WORDS there and we just skirt around it. We don't want to talk about what it is, right? The word spirit can be used in many context and does not mean the same thing at every time. Right? Like the spirit that is God is not the same as being in the spirit. And this is like you know from the debacle of Holy Ghost and Holy Spirit you know that that that we just went through I went through it's like you would never say uh because it's the selfsame word now right you can never say in book of revelations John was in the ghost on the Lord's day you can't say that but they're the selfsame How was John in the ghost? You would never say that. It just doesn't mean the same thing. And yet in the Greek, it's exactly the same word. Numa. And then the very English, I want to show you this. Do you see here the English translators wrote, "God is a spirit, capital S, and you must worship him in spirit, lowercase S." The translators thought they understood something, which is why they did all that. Even the words Holy Spirit in the in the Bible, they don't always use it with capital S. Even the word spirit whenever there's some reasoning behind when they transcribed it, they recognized this was a different meaning, but they only had one word to express it by. So God is not the spirit of God is not the same as being in the spirit. One is referring to one is referring to the very essence of his being and the other is referring to the anointing of his word. Right? Now God is a spirit. Therefore we have to worship him in spirit. Now I want to ask this question. How can we as humans who are limited by three dimensions of light, matter and time? How do we even submit to something we cannot see, you cannot hear, you cannot touch, and you cannot understand? How do we submit to it in truth if we cannot? How do we submit to God whom we cannot see, we cannot hear, we cannot touch, we cannot understand? It's literally impossible for a normal human to do. So for you to do that in some way by yourself, you have to create an image in your mind or an understanding to which you can say I would like to follow that understanding. That's the only way because you can't see the spirit of God. You can't touch it. You can't see it. You can't understand it. You can't hear it. Right? For generations uh this has happened. We will immediately though. So here's here's the thing. If I ask you to tell me what you think the spirit of God is, I ask you how many people are here. Probably about 100 people. I don't know. We'll come up with a hundred different descriptions. Right now, who's is right? Whose image whose imagination is the best? And it's not someone who can draw it better. Someone with a greater imagination can come up with something really creative but absolutely wrong. That's just how it is right now. So in other words, we will all make the mistake of imagining something in our personal imaginations which will then conflict with someone else's imagination. You agree? So for generations, we have been satisfied. We satisfied ourselves believing that God is some kind of spiritual being that lives outside of our planet from where he controls earth. Is that roundabout correct? Cuz where does God live? From all that we showed you, all those pictures. I just showed you three pictures. Okay, you with me? There are thousands probably millions on the internet uh that that pictures of God. Okay. So, do you believe that God lives here in this air? Am I slapping him right now? Does he live inside us in the ground above us? in the clouds, in space, in another galaxy. Does it contain his spirit? How big is his spirit? How small is his spirit? H so for generations, so whatever you you think you can come up with in your mind, that's what you're going to submit to. Right now, some of us believe he's this invisible spirit that he's so big. He's the creator of the universe. certainly cannot live within our atmosphere. His home must be beyond the clouds. And we've got scriptures to say that. We do not comprehend the abstract reality of the word spirit. That's the reason why none of us can explain it because you can't comprehend it. We don't know what its essence is. We don't know what it looks like. We don't know what a spirit looks like. We cannot even imagine its reality. We believe it exists because we believe that, wait for it, that we have a spirit. And that this life inside our bodies is our spirit. How many of you here believe you have a spirit? You can raise your hands. Huh? Or what? Do you have some battery life source stuck in your kidney somewhere? Like, do you have a spirit? And then when you die and you breathe your last breath [sighs] and the body dies and the spirit leaves and every one of you believes you have a spirit. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. So what does your spirit look like? Where does your spirit reside? There's no air inside there. I hope so. What's it? It's moving through your bloodstream. Where does your spirit live? in a cavity in your heart or in your brain. Where where is the spirit? DESCRIBE IT. HOW DOES IT LEAVE YOUR BODY? IS YOUR This is why the Jewish people came up with that ru the spirit is the breath. So what? Every time you breathe in [snorts] and out, your spirit is like, huh? That's your spirit. Remember I told you why you say bless you when there's a sneeze. Huh? Chew. BECAUSE YOUR SPIRIT GOES OUT AND YOU GOT TO SAY BLESS YOU BEFORE THE DEVIL CATCHES IT. [snorts] Thank the Germans for that. That's the best thing they came up besides Mercedes-Benz. The closest we can do to understanding what a spirit is is something we call nature. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the closest thing in that God would therefore be the mysterious divine nature even though we cannot explain it. That's the only word we have that's closest right and we feel satisfied knowing at least that the spirit of something is the nature of it somehow. Are you with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; So we know there are so many places in the message where the proverb tells us that the soul is the nature of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Now here's that other word soul. Who knows what that is? So if you had to go into I don't know the dictionary or like most of us today maybe the internet and you searched up what spirit is. Don't do it now please listen to me. Or you or you look at soul and what soul is they tell you that soul is believed to be the eternal part of the human essence. And the spirit is kind of like the seat of emotions and desires and that kind of thing. Even that what does that mean? It's still abstract. It doesn't look like reality to us. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; It seems like soul and spirit are connected. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So how do we know this? Because you look at Moses' tabernacle, the outer court is one room. That's like the body with the the brass altar, the brazen labor. And then you go in and then there's one room with a veil. So the the spirit is like the inner court where the seven golden candlesticks, the table of showbread, the altar of incense, and you go behind the veil and there is the ark of the covenant with the shikina presence of God. And that would be the soul, right? But then it's one room. If you remove the veil, the two rooms become one room. &gt;&gt; Soul and spirit are actually one. &gt;&gt; So the nature of the spirit is actually from the soul. And the spirit takes the nature and transmits the nature to the rest of the body. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Whatever nature is in there is what sanctifies the body. Whatever nature is in there is what makes what is sanctify to make holy to consecrate. In other words, the spirit takes the nature from the soul and makes the body work for the soul &gt;&gt; for the nature that governs it. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; that's how it works, right? So somehow the spirit is something that pulls from the source of the nature that is inside to make the body do what its nature defines. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So if you speak in a certain way, where's that coming from? A nature that's been put inside. Right? If you speak like an intellectual person, it means you've been feeding your soul with intellectualism, with education. If you speak like a gangster, well, there's no mystery where you got your education from, right? Because you want to be cool. went to cap worn backwards, your pants hanging down, socks with holes, pants with holes, t-shirts with all kinds of paraphernalia, hook here, ring there, tattoo this way, hair shaved off this side, and and and you stand next to someone who's a professor of, I don't know, philosophy, dressed in a three-piece suit, standing there with his checkered hat on and his bow tie. Two human beings, two different souls. The body's expression is what's inside the soul. &gt;&gt; The body is submitting to what nature is inside &gt;&gt; this. You take the same person and you change the nature in the soul and the entire body adapts. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; You take that same person with his pants hanging down, cap on backwards, smoking a cigarette, tattoos, all that stuff, rings here, poked there, speaking bad language and bring him to Christ. His nature changes. His body falls in line &gt;&gt; BECAUSE HIS SPIRIT CONTACTS the nature and transmits it to the body and the body then takes the identification of the nature that is inside. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's as much as we can understand and we know this because and all humans know this. And some people I know philosophers right now will say you know they'll come at me with all this education and philosophy and say no this is not what it is. This is what it can. We know this because we literally do this to children. I mean, you come out all baby goooo gaga knowing nothing. Mama, dada, you know nothing. We take you at 5 years old, stick you in a school and brainwash you every day and teach you and put you through the pain of into holding a pen and teaching you to write. We inscribe it in your brain. We teach you education by association. We teach you the word cow and show you a picture. So we implant that picture in your head and the word in your head and now when you say cow you see it. How did we do it? We brainwashed you. We made you repeat it. We showed you place cards. Cow and is then for two. Mom, dad fish planting. Planting planting plant. We put it into you. That's why you can speak. That's why we can communicate with you. That's why you can read books. And it doesn't stop there because then we send you to high school where we indoctrinate you and brainwash you even more. Then we send you to university and then after you get to work then the job sends you somewhere. It doesn't stop till you old and retired and then you realize what in the world do I know about anything. H &gt;&gt; let's dump all that and go fishing. You should have went fishing at the start, man. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A nature to us can only be defined as a set of characteristics or attributes that causes a being like you to behave in a certain way. Like you'll say that guy is a really honest person. That person is very aggressive. That guy is a liar. That guy is rude. That one is aggressive. That one is jealous. Why are you saying that? Because the way they're responding to life is identifying a certain nature that you know of. Right? So religions have taught us identifiable characteristics that define God according to them. The same way we identify humans. So if I ask you right now, can you describe the nature of God to me? And this is what religions have done. Humans have been made to believe that characteristics of God is being good, righteous, loving, kind, caring, wise, knowing all things, supernatural, and so much more. If you add judge, anger, they don't like that one. Judging the sin, they don't like that one, right? So God must be loving. Have you seen Christians today? bunch of wimps. God must be a love God of love. He's so accepting. He must accept everybody. You can only don't even read the Bible. You just come in here with your hair colored purple and your shorts on BACKWARDS AND DO WHATEVER YOU FEEL LIKE. GOD IS A GOD OF LOVE. Come in. That's God. That's lies. We have been told that if something does not match those identifiable characteristics and listen every church denomination has a certain set of characteristics that they say God is. &gt;&gt; God loves worship. So you get this one, some churches, the whole service is just drums, bass guitars, singing songs, craziness because God loves worship. And then they read a psalm and preach for 15 minutes and they talk about politics and jokes. And that's the church. All right, see you. Don't forget to buy something at our coffee shop on your way out. God bless you. See you next week. Don't forget to pay your tithe and your money and your offerings. We're good to go. WE'LL SEE YOU IN HEAVEN SOMEDAY. &gt;&gt; That's church today. It's a joke. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And people cannot even listen to the word for 20 minutes. &gt;&gt; You say you believe in God but you can't hear his word. We have been told that if those identifiable characteristics if it doesn't match that it's not God. So every church, every religion has its idea of the identifiable characteristics. So we've what do we call it today? We call it godliness. Right? We have taught people that this is what God is. So we do this too. So you got people in the message. If you had the Holy Ghost, you wouldn't do that. If you had the Holy Ghost, you wouldn't talk like that. You wouldn't say this. You wouldn't act this way. You wouldn't really, you know, I just been through something this week. I just had a man who I don't know, he saw some Tik Tok video of me. And listen, I don't make the Tik Tok videos. I don't know who does. And they put these slogans on there which are not even my words. Like the one that was was there said uh it's it's a Tik Tok of me. They took it from a video and they put there that I said a prophet like no other. I didn't even say that. I was speaking about the prophet's ministry and I said his ministry was like no other prophet. And I explained that he went through two world wars and rock and roll and mass-produced drugs and alcohol. And then I came to the point where I said not even Jesus had to go through that. Kai told me I'm a blasphemer, right? And uh that I shouldn't even uh be doing I didn't even say what he's saying I was saying. Right? But and then he told me, um, you're a good minister, but you know, you, uh, I don't see the spirit of Christ in you in the way you speak. Like you, you shouldn't speak that way and mock somebody or laugh, you know, at the denominations like that. I said, "Uh, excuse me. If you heard Christ speak and if I had to speak like him, if I had to come out here and say denominations, you are hypocrites. You are vipers. You are asp. YOU ARE SNAKES IN THE GRASS. YOU ARE OF YOUR FATHER THE DEVIL. I have never even spoken like that." So, what's your idea of how Christ speaks? See, loving, kind, gentle, understanding, non-judgmental. That's God. God loves everyone. That already sounds to me like the CIA got a spotlight on me, you know, like uh uh brainwashing me for something. But then we found that evil people are able TO DISPLAY THESE CHARACTERISTICS AS WELL. AS ANY OTHER REGULAR PERSON, psychopaths can be very kind, loving, gentle until they kill you. &gt;&gt; IF NATURES WERE SO EASILY DISCERNABLE, then every person ought to with ease be able to tell what is the difference between God and the devil. &gt;&gt; Why? Why are more humans not able? There are people who worshiping God but don't realize they're worshiping the devil. &gt;&gt; Yes. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So unfortunately the truth is it's not that easily discernable anymore. It should have been but we've done things to ourselves that make it impossible for us to even discern good and evil. So what is the most Are you with me? What is the most explicitly identifiable characteristic about the spirit of God that we can identify can only be God truth? Some people will say God is love because you see it in John. God is love and those who have love one another and so on. But even love is found in truth &gt;&gt; because love is perverted in today's world. You can pervert love into a whole lot of things. And even when they say God is love, what kind of love are you talking about? Because according to God's love, he'll chastise you when you're wrong. And when he chastises, chastises and gives you a weapon. Then you must accept it because you know that he loves you, right? Nobody wants that love, right? So the only identifiable characteristic that absolutely identifies the spirit of God is truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because in him is truth and is no lie. &gt;&gt; All right, let's quickly go through it. Are you ready? The spirit of truth. That's what we speaking about. Okay, here's scripture. In hope of eternal life, which God that cannot lie promised the world promised before the world began. Here's scripture telling you God cannot lie. That's his identifiable characteristic. Uh the second one, that by two immutable things in which it is impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us. It is impossible for God to lie. Agreed. uh John 14:17, even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive is is telling you the world does not even receive the spirit of truth. The nature of truth &gt;&gt; because it seeth him not means it doesn't understand him. It neither know but you know him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We did that recently, right? Last week with you and shall be in you. John 15:26, "When the comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the father, even the spirit of truth which proceedth, it comes FROM GOD HIMSELF." THE HOLY SPIRIT, THE spirit of truth, it it it comes OUT FROM HIS VERY OWN NATURE. The Holy Spirit cannot speak a lie. The Holy Spirit cannot do something with people that produces a lie. The Holy Spirit cannot speak with tongues and that message is a lie. The Holy Spirit cannot preach a sermon and the sermon has a lie in it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh how be it when he the spirit of truth is come, he will guide you in all truth. This again speaking of the of the Holy Spirit. 1 John 4:6, we are of God. He that knoweth God heareth us. That means only those people who are also of God will be able to understand what we say and believe what we say. He that is not of God heareth not us. That's telling us he that is not of the truth cannot understand what we say. Hereby we know. THIS IS HOW WE KNOW THE SPIRIT of truth and the spirit of error. Do you want you must take these scriptures go back home and and study it out. Break it out. This is how we discern the spirit of truth and the spirit of error because we know if you are of God you will understand us. How in in other words, let me say it this way. How do I know that you love me? This is how simple it is. Because when I tell you something, you believe me. That's the hardest thing to say. Remember I preached recently um well few years ago to love someone means to believe in them. So if I tell you something and you look at me like nah I don't think so right like h no I don't think you're telling me the truth you don't believe me that proves you don't completely love me you may have an idea of me this is this is what marriage should be this is what it should be between parents and children th this is what life should be where if you truly love someone you believe what they say like you don't have to I don't want to go back to that washing basket and the clothes, but go around and prove whether they told you the truth because FAITH MAKES YOU ACT ON WHAT YOU BELIEVE. &gt;&gt; See John 14:6 uh to 10 Jesus said unto him, "I am the way." Jesus now is saying, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." Right? God is the is the spirit of truth. Is [clears throat] that right? God is a spirit. When he, the spirit of truth, has come. And now Jesus IS SAYING, "I AM the way. I am the truth. I am the life." No man comes to God but by me. You will not even get to worship God unless you come through me. What does that mean? That's his words. What does IT MEAN? YOU HAVE to receive the truth. And how did he say you shall receive the truth? My word is truth. Right? If you have known me, you should have known God the Father. From henceforth we know him and have seen him. From now on, from now on, he's telling the disciples, you have known him and have seen him. Who was he talking about? Himself. Philip said unto him, Lord, show us the Father. What happened to Philip? Did you just doze off just now? Right. Uh, show us the Father, Lord, and suffice it. And Jesus said unto him, "Have I been with you so long and just and yet hast thou not known me, Philillip?" He had he that had seen me hath seen the father. If you seen me, if you understood me, if you know me, THEN YOU KNOW GOD. HOW SAYEST THOU SHOW US THE FATHER? Believest thou not that I am in the father, and the father in me. The words that I speak are not of myself, but the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. All right. So, I'm going to close this off quickly and get to the next part. So these are just a few scriptures saints among many that show us that if there is anything that can describe who God is today, it is that word that fiveletter word truth which is so scarce today. Therefore who God really is to us in the world is the spirit of truth. Right? Sunday school kids listening truth. Remember sister Lena told you every time you want to do something there's that good voice and that naughty voice. Hey young people, you always know you don't need mommy, you don't need daddy, you don't need when there's your friend tells you to do something, there's a voice that's telling you I shouldn't do this and there's the other voice saying, "Yeah, do it, MAN. DO IT. YOU WANT TO?" AND THE OTHER ONE is saying, "Don't do it. It's not right." One is telling you truth. The other one is telling you a lie. And the spirit of God is truth. Okay, so here's the beauty part of this. Would we even have a word for truth if there were no lies introduced? &gt;&gt; Okay, so if there was no such thing as untruth or lies or error, we wouldn't even have to define truth. We would just know it and live with it and it's fine. Because this world is so overcome with lies and error, it is why truth has become so outstanding today. Okay, now we're getting to the next part which is quite interesting. So before we get to that which is who is the devil? All right, it's amazing whenever I do this subject this is when people wake up. I went through God and some of them are yawning and tired. But when you talk about the devil, it's like [snorts] I need to know this coffee, right? I'm just making light of it. I want you to get this before we go into this uh next part. This entire world right now is in a very sorry state. I I don't want to spend too much of time trying to describe how bad it is. Okay. Um, and I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings, but if you had to go to schools today and uh or anywhere, you are finding like at least 50% of any class with children whose parents are divorced or they hate their parents or they're having just troubles. It's like you you cannot believe what little kids have to go through today. Uh going through life without parents, without uh fathers who care for the mothers and mothers who are cheating on the fathers or something. This is what life is becoming. And and the reason for everything from families to to children to societies breaking down into absolute evil is because there is no truth anymore being spoken. Right? And and and what is it? It is the devil. [snorts]
