################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-14 - Q&A on The Holy Ghost and Sexuality P2 - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-14
Title:    Q&A on The Holy Ghost and Sexuality P2 - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 2h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auy88hlJSkE
========================================

Description:
Questions and Answers on The Holy Ghost and Sexuality #2

"Will We Ever Stop Doing Bad Things"

10 August 2025

00:00 - Scripture Reading

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So uh we want to speak this morning. We want to read from our scriptures from 2 Peter chapter 1 8-10 and also 1 Peter 5:8-10. And then you may take your seats. 2 Peter 1 8:10 for so this is um the scripture that speaks of the virtues that uh Peter said add to your faith virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience and so on. And then we come to verse 8 and where he says,"For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ." So everyone with us, &gt;&gt; add your faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, and charity, which is love. If these things be in you and abound, right? They make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off. I remember we broke these scriptures down to us uh in detail in other series and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. So important. Wherefore the rather brethren give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. 1 Peter 5:8-10. Be sober. Be vigilant. Because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour, whom resist steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that you have suffered a while, make you perfect, establish, strengthen, settle you. &gt;&gt; I love it. The Lord bless you. And the reading of his word, you may be seated. Amen. So once again, greetings to all in his glorious name. So, we want to uh speak this morning um in our subject I I can't seem to stop getting questions, but I'm thankful that the Holy Spirit is leading us in this fashion. So, uh we are going to be doing question and answers on the Holy Ghost and u I know it says the Holy Ghost and sexuality purely because it's linked to the questions are kind of linked to that. I'm getting questions from young people and older people and this is part two. All right. And then for a title, will we ever stop doing bad things? Okay. So, I know that when you when you hear the subject and the title and some of you might think, you know what, we're old people now. We've we've done doing our bad things. Why do we have to sit here in this on a Sunday service and listen to this? Um well there's a reason why that question will we ever stop doing bad things and I can uh stand here today like Christ stood there in that time not because I'm like Christ I'm just saying when he asked the people let him who is without sin cast the first stone I can ask every one of us here today if you if you've ever stopped doing bad things right so there's a reason why this question is important to us. And uh I'm going to read the questions that we're going to get to you in a little while and you'll understand why this is so important to us. So this applies to all of us. Amen. This is not a young people's service. A lot of people uh don't even know what they went through when they came to the new birth. A lot of people don't uh realize and in some ways I think it's a good thing. Uh but we'll talk about that as we go on. So I think the greatest trial that young Christians in the message and when I say young Christians I don't mean youth I mean people who have recently come into the message or come to Christ or people even who have been in the message a long time but the message has just recently dawned on them. You're a young Christian. &gt;&gt; Okay. It's got nothing to do with your age. So u the greatest trial with Christians in the message and that you are experiencing right now is the level of condemnation that you feel when you do bad things. That's the greatest problem. If you could do something bad and deal with it where you don't condemn yourself, wouldn't that be better? &gt;&gt; You make mistakes, you do something bad, you feel convicted, you come put it right before God. But if can you imagine what happens to a person when they feel condemnation? Maybe that's a word you've never understood before. Let's put it let's break it down. When you see these are the things that's not in my notes that makes me take longer cuz when I'm here I realize by looking at people's faces that not everyone is getting the impact of what condemnation is. See and this is why it takes longer. So condemnation is when when you know you've done something wrong, but it's affecting you so badly that you are devaluing yourself to the point of feeling like God has forsaken you or you're so filled with guilt and shame that you're feeling like you are you are less than other people in in your church, other people in the message. You are less than brother Alistister. You are less than what the message says. you have let people down. You are not worth it coming to church. That's condemnation. That and then when people look at you in you're interpreting that they're seeing you and criticizing you with their eyes. They may not even think that. They might be looking at how bad your hair is on that day. They're not even thinking about what you done wrong. And um so and yet you're thinking, you go back home and you're thinking, you see how they were looking at me? That's a spirit of condemnation that takes over your being and holds you captive such that you can't pray, you can't read, you can't uh survive prop, you can't work properly, you become depressed. Condemnation is a terrible thing. Condemnation is something that should never be on a son of God. Because no matter what you've done, you should always have a rock that says, "I am a son of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. He has seen me. He has chosen me. He's so He's seen my pathway. He knew I was going to make this mistake. He knew what I was going to do. And he will make a way to get me out of it. &gt;&gt; That's what should be in the heart of a true son of God. &gt;&gt; So if a a Christian is being subjected to condemnation, it means he's being taught wrong. &gt;&gt; Or if he's not being taught wrong, he is misinterpreting what he is taught. All right. So words matter. I don't like to say wrong things. I don't like to say that people are doing wrong things because it's a very and like I say to me words really matter in how we speak it. Like sometimes you know when my family asks me are you angry I say no I'm not angry I'm upset. To you it might be different to no. To me upset and angry is very different. When I'm angry, you don't want to see me, right? And I'll I when I'm angry, I don't want to see you either. So, most likely I'm not going to be there. But if I'm upset, I can deal with you. See, I can be grumpy and my face is pulled up the wrong way and I'm I'm upset. To me, they are totally different things. Words matter. There's a difference between bad things and wrong things. &gt;&gt; Right? With God, anything against his word is wrong &gt;&gt; because there is right and there is wrong. &gt;&gt; Okay? But when it comes to matters of the flesh regarding humans, regarding people, it's better to define things as good things and bad things, not right and wrong. Because one person's right is not the same as another person's right. Right? &gt;&gt; And when you try to make the everybody in the message have an exact code of conduct, you have a problem because then no one's ever going to be right. No one's ever everyone is going to be wrong based on it's it's like you've become a denomination. It's like there's no individual growth, right? because you've got people who all want to subscribe to a constitution that must work for everybody and it doesn't work that way. Right? So in other words, let let me explain it this way. You can have two people who are doing the exact same thing, but for one person it's right or good and the other person it's bad. Are you with me? So for one person doing the same thing it is good and yet for the other it is bad. Like for example in terms of sexuality if the act is committed within marriage it is good. If it is committed outside of marriage it is bad. There's nothing wrong with the action because the action is a normal animal mammal action. What makes it bad is it's not within marriage. Are you with me? Right? And why is it bad? It's not just about good or bad. Why is it it's good for people within marriage? Because it increases their bonding. It makes them love one another even better. It's bad for you on the outside because it literally does something to you. It's bad for you. Right? The act is just an act. I know there's a lot of people in the message, a lot of Christians, a lot of mostly people in the message was like, you know what? No, no. That's the the sin of the Garden of Eden. We must, you know, they get this idea that God must totally uh wipe out all feelings for it completely. No, that's I'm sorry, that's delusional. It's not going to happen. There are so many conflicting thoughts in the minds of young people in the message, new Christians in the message today because of the abundance of the word that has been given to us. Right? Let me explain. So Paul says in Romans 7, I was doing well before they told me about sin. I was doing great. I was enjoying my life. I'm just paraphrasing, right? And animating though he was though Paul says I was in sin because I didn't know the law and I didn't know what I was doing was wrong. I was doing great. I was a happy person. I had a smile on my face. I was going to work. I was uh taking care of uh you know my my parents home. I'm just giving you an idea of what was in Paul's head. Before I knew that I was doing something wrong. I was great. I was happy. I was enjoying life. I was not depressed. You know, Paul was known as the depressed apostle. Okay. And then he said, "But when I came to the knowledge that what I did was wrong or sinful, then sin took uh advantage of me and took me prisoner." That that means once I knew that what I was doing was wrong, I became depressed. I was no longer a happy person. It took advantage of me. It brought my failures to me, to my attention, and made me feel condemnation. And I believe he was speaking of us. He he ends off that chapter by saying, "Who can save me from the body of this dead? Oh, wretched man that I am, right?" And because we have now that's Paul's day. What about our day? Look at what the message has done. If Paul felt like a sinner there with things that he did and uh he he got into depression because of what Christ started teaching. What about what the prophet has taught us in this day? It looks like there's nobody that can ever attain any status of being actually good in the message. Everyone is just like this class A sinner. You understand? So we have received the message which has highlighted so many things about life the good and the bad. We are more knowledgeable today than in the days of Paul. This means we live a life in the message of constantly overcorrecting right constant self-examination which really leads to unhappiness in a in a person. If you live a life every day crossexamining yourself, self-examination, um, correcting, self-correcting, excuse me. When you are constantly self-correcting, you are going to become a depressed person. Do I dress this way? Is this shoe right? Is this trousers okay? Is this too tight? Is this too Is my hair too elaborate? Is this color too loud? Is this not right? Am I playing the music too loud? Am I uh am I playing this chord too jazzy? Am I ask I'm I'm trying to reach for different walks of life here, different things that you might do. If you are someone constantly overcorrecting, you are becoming a depressed person because a the human spirit was meant to be free. &gt;&gt; Was meant to worship God in spirit and in truth and with liberty. &gt;&gt; Right? So Paul is telling us exactly what we are going through. It means we're living this life in a mindset that we should not be living in. In Romans 7, that is the message Paul is sending us that which is why when he reaches Romans 8, he teaches us it is better to live without condemnation. He says, "So those who live after the spirit are living with conviction, not condemnation, but those who live after the flesh live with condemnation." Is that right? Romans 8. So what has happened in the message is that people have become legalistic to the point of obsession. Now I don't like to throw this word legalistic around loosely because you know we we label people as legalists when they try to keep control of us by rules or if a brother comes and criticize your dressing you say ah he's just a legalist you know but so we're just labeling people about legalism like maybe because they keep rules or they like to stay within the rules or they correct other people but people who do that are usually people who subject other people to rules are usually liberal themselves. You you understand what I'm saying? Somebody who keeps correcting someone else with the rules is usually someone who does not obey the rules secretly in their own life, but they want to when they're outside in public, they need control because that control makes them feel safer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Uh, in other words, rules for you, but secretly not for me. That's not really a legalist. That's a fake legalist. Okay? Don't be offended by that, brother or sister. A true legalist is one who lives by the rules himself and lets it take over his being. Every one of those people are unhappy chappies. Very bad. Yeah. You know what I mean? What I'm saying is you see some some people, they come to church, they criticize you at church, but at home they're living liberal uh carefree lives. They do what they want to. It's only in public that they appear legalistic. They're fake. We know they're fake. But the guy who walks around with his his uh his face constantly upside down, constantly overcorrected, that person is actually a legalist, right? He lives under a cloud of condemnation and he doesn't realize that he uh um keeps validating his life by how well he keeps his rules. And that's what these people do. And they don't realize when you live that way, overcorrecting, constantly checking what is right, you know, um it's got to be done this time. Church has to be on time. Church has to be uh songs must be uh 30 minutes, not 30 minutes and or 32 minutes, not 30 minutes and 30 seconds. 30 minutes, right? And the preaching must be according to this. And why are we singing more than two hymns? Because in the pro in in the s they said two hymns. Why are we singing three hymns this morning? Now I'm upset. See the man is living. And if you keep all his rules, he doesn't even look happy. He just looks like, okay, it went well. Well done. Are you with me? That's a real legalist right there. He's actually controlling himself by the rules and he's expecting everybody else. Hey, if I can do it, so must so must you. Not so can you. Not so should you. So must you. Right. And uh by and and he's keeping those rules and he doesn't realize the truth is you become an insufferable unlikable person &gt;&gt; and you actually lose the true spirit of worship. &gt;&gt; And then what you're going to do is you're going to stifle other people cuz you have children coming up, right? And children are carefree spirits. And the Bible tells you a simple thing like out of the mouth of babes. Amen. And so when you stifle that that spirit of a childlike approach to God with legalism, you are crushing them. Sometimes you got to let them say amen in the funny way that they do or they say it too loud or they, you know, uh, express themselves weirdly. You've got to allow that. You know, if you stand there, no, that's not the way it should be done. Okay? If you live your life with the mindset of every day self-correcting yourself, you will eventually leave the faith. I'm not saying you leave church, you'll be sitting in church, but you've left the faith. And eventually you might even leave church completely. The human mind and body cannot handle constant selfcorrection. The the body will get sick. Okay, imagine the spiritual body. Same thing. This is quite clear and evident to me. The Lord Jesus Christ did not come to put us into that kind of lifestyle. When I see his first coming and how he broke all their rules and crushed it all to the ground, literally went into the temple and whipped it into shape. You say he was being legalistic. No, he was actually stopping their legalism. Legalism was like, you know how I'll tell you how it started in the temple. You got some people coming in and they're bringing uh their lamb or their bullock for a sacrifice and the priest say no no no this is unacceptable. What? How can you bring? Surely you could come with a better lamb. So what happened was they took the law and the law was speaking about this flawless lamb and yet to this person they brought up their flawless lamb. No, no, no. Thank you. Thank you. We will breed the right breed of sheep here. We will bring we will sell it to you. Just bring the money to. That's how legalism started. Before you know it, you had money changes happening in the church. That's how legalism came in. A lot has come from the recent things we have taught on sexuality and the Holy Ghost teachings. And I've received some questions which I am able to address on a Sunday morning platform. But other questions I just want to let you know. Um some of the other questions I would rather address in a different manner on a different platform or something because um it's obviously I would say not so edifying if I've got to do it on a Sunday morning. So let's begin with this and with this understand okay let's not kid ourselves. If youth who come to church, are we are we listening? &gt;&gt; And and please when I say youth, let's try and apply it to ourselves too. If youth who come to church and they're just like you adults, they worship in service, they read their Bibles, they listen to the message, they raise their hands in prayer, and are they are asking for overcoming in their lives. Did you hear all I said before? They come to church every service. They worship in the service. They read their Bibles. They listen to the message. They raise their hands. They ask for prayer. And they want us. They're telling us they need overcoming power. Overcoming power in their lives. What are they asking about? They're not on drugs. They're not on alcohol. We know instantly what it's really about. And it's not as if we don't know what the trial of youth is. Okay. They are at the stage of their lives when they are being sexually prepared and driven by their bodies to find partners and bring forth children. That's not a mystery to us. We know what the trial of their age group is. They themselves should realize you can't fool us because we were there once. We know what your trial is. Okay? So, we don't want to go around acting like we don't know what your trial is. Like, and and with the adults, it's like let's let's ignore it. Let's uh let's assume like it's not happening. Parents, please don't be fools. The day your children reach a stage of puberty, you must know they are starting to be attracted to other people. What is your plan to deal with that? You're going to walk around like they're still your infants that you're feeding milk to or you're packing their lunches and giving them lollipops. Hey, or tinkies. No, they they've long since stopped being your little babies. They're now starting to be attracted to other people, which means they're going to start get angry with you very often. We know this. Parents, you need a plan. You can't act like this is not happening. No, this cannot happen. What are you saying? You are saying they can't be attracted to other people. Are you saying it's impossible for your child to have those feelings? No, it's going to happen. And the more you act like it should not happen, the harder it's going to be for them because they're going to do it in secret. Okay? So, when you apply pressure on them to force them to act like it's a secret, that's when all the trouble starts happening. Inner turmoil, condemnation. They're unable to deal with natural feelings, natural process. Like my dad was so weird, you know, when I was in college, he said, he comes to me, he says, "So, did any any girls get fresh with you?" I'm like, "What is get fresh? That's a bubble gum to me." You know, and I I don't want to talk about this. He said, "You know what I'm talking about, man. I'm a bit old school, but you know, you know what I'm I'm saying." It's like, "Uh, no, that he says, "Well, if they do, what will you do?" I I I don't know. What am I supposed to do? That's when we started having a conversation, right? Get fresh. It's a bubble gum. To me, it's a bubble gum. Come on. It's a very nice bubble gum. You remember those get freshes? There was the square things with gel inside. Really tasty gel. But I don't know. That was from his days. You know that time they were get fresh and it was making them dizzy. And you remember those stupid songs they had? And yeah, it was crazy times then. So they are um so now with children in the message the way things are being presented they are being made to feel ashamed for having such feelings to the point of as if it's unholy before God. This is the reason why I'm talking about this is because the question is coming up. Is it unholy to have these these emotions, these feelings, these imaginations, these dreams, right? They are being made to feel that it is impossible to live a life where you don't have these feelings. It's like okay, if if I have these feelings, if I have these thoughts, if I have these imaginations, this is it. I'm done for. I'm I'm stressed. I'm I'm I'm unholy. I can't come to church. I can't pray. I'm a sinner. All right. When these feelings are portrayed as a sin, they become hidden. They become secret and they become out of control. And that's when they become dangerous. Then they are linked. You know, in other words, they link these natural instinct instincts and urges the so the ministries and the message link these things to the Holy Ghost. That's why I'm getting the questions bringing them together. It's like if you have the Holy Ghost you won't have this. Now it's a problem which means if I do then I don't have the this is we are logical people and the more we are educated in mathematics the more likely we are going to be reasonable logical and say well if that's what they're preaching if I still have these feelings and these weaknesses then I don't have the Holy Ghost and so I want the Holy Ghost to overcome this so I don't have to be this way. That's the wrong reason to want the Holy Ghost to start with. See, we don't I don't want the Holy Ghost as a quick fix for my problems. Amen. So, let's get to question one. Um, and question one is uh the the subject of question one is the Holy Ghost baptism only after the sanctification stage. versus total deliverance only after Holy Ghost baptism. In other words, um do we get the Holy Ghost only after we've come through the sanctification stage? There might be some believers here thinking, "What's a sanctification stage? And did I even go through this? How do I know if I went through that?" Right? And then versus total deliverance after the Holy Ghost baptism. In other words, do I only get total deliverance from these weaknesses after I get the Holy Ghost? What do I do up to then or do I have to be uh cleaned of all these weaknesses before I get the Holy Ghost? Are you getting it? &gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's the subject and this this person actually gave me subjects and then the questions. All right. So, let's go to the question. Question one. The main question here is do we have to live a sanctified life first to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost? If their answer is yes, then how long should we live in a sanctified state before we can receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost? And is it even possible to overcome sin without having the baptism of the Holy Ghost? So once again I just want to let you know I've spoken to this person and ask them can I do your question on Sunday and uh look at your question if there's anything you want to edit that you want to take out I've taken out personal names and things like that is there something and the person has given me full authority to do this okay I just want to keep letting you know because I don't want it to be said you know I shared this brother Alistister and then he put it up for the world to see starts talking what we do we deal with these things very careful. So the person says, I'll give my example briefly. I was dealing with a habit for about 7 to 8 years. I used to try to overcome it. I believe this message. I believe in God and brother Brandon to be the prophet. But still couldn't overcome that bad habit. I realized that I did not have the Holy Ghost and I was seeking it around 5 to 6 years. I started believing that I'll have to first live in a sanctified life before getting the Holy Ghost. But the sanctification never came with my own efforts and eventually I backslid from church for around one year. Right? So the sanctification never came with my own efforts. This is a problem because I believe that there's a wrong identification of sanctification. That's the problem, right? And uh when I came back uh eventually I backslid from church for around one year and when I came back one day I repented with all my heart and I received the Holy Ghost. One day I repented with all my heart and I received the Holy Ghost. From that day that habit hasn't had a stronghold on me and I've had sweet communion with the Lord which I do not which I did not experience before. In my case, I did not live a sanctified life before getting the Holy Ghost. Even a day before that event, I was living in sin. I didn't have a desire to receive the Holy Ghost. Can you please clarify this confusion? Whenever brother Ben Brandham explains the stages of new birth like sanctification, justification, sanctification and baptism of the Holy Ghost, isn't he speaking about the church ages or is he mentioning that an individual too has to go undergo the first two stages before he could receive the Holy Ghost? Also in total deliverance, brother Benham mentions that total deliverance can only come after the token is applied that is the Holy Ghost baptism. He expresses a similar idea in how can I overcome and a few others. What an amazing question, right? And there's three of them. This is only one. So this is exactly some of the confusions that when I was speaking recently in Canada and in youth meetings and this is exact confusions I'm talking about that I've spoken about concerning how receiving the Holy Ghost is taught in churches. Are you with me? M these are the exact questions that young people ask and why and to me this is so beautiful because these are even questions in the mind of parents you know fathers mothers who are concerned for their children because you're seeing the problem in the home you don't want to approach the church and you're you're waiting to feel like to see whether you can deal with it as a parent you're giving them space you're working up to a point you're seeing whether you can you can deal with it or you can help them or something and and you don't know whether what you're doing is right and before you know it 5 years have passed and you feel like oh my goodness I should have come and told the pastor soon as if the pastor was going to solve your problem right so these are the questions they ask and and why when they leave youth meetings and evangelical services they go away confused and some of them are in such a spiritual emotional state believing I have deliverance brother and then they fall again the next Right? This is what we want to try to avoid. So if they go back now after they've come from this beautiful spiritual anointed youth meeting or something where they felt they received the Holy Ghost and then they go back home and the next week they fall again, they make a mistake, right? they go back to doing something wrong and then now they're confused because what happened to the experience I had. Yes. And um they're going to be asking, "Did I do something wrong? Did I not get the Holy Ghost? What happened?" And then they they go to the the minister or whoever preached to them and maybe they feel like I don't want to confess or if I confess I'm going to be told I didn't do it right or something. So we would like to settle these things. This is not just for young people but it's also for us. What we have in this question is an actual account of somebody who who received in other words we've got actual data right of someone who actually received full deliverance and who tells us the day before I received full deliverance I was not even living a sanctified life. I was still backslided and then I came and this one day I received now other people listening to this think oh I want that day I want that day Lord make that day today Lord help me have that day I really want this full deliverance that this person is talking about basically what this person is saying was I reached there without even trying. I was living backsliding for seven to eight years and searching for the Holy Ghost and then I came without even trying it happened right and you know we get so many different kinds of people a lot of people feel it's got to be that way other people feel you've got to follow the rules right the rules are water baptism justification sanctification go through the process you know all of those things and then reach them it's got to be that way and those people who who came that way look at this other person and say that's so unfair you know he just lived his life that way he reached there and suddenly he's he's got the Holy Ghost and full deliverance so unfair so we want to settle this right for all of us what we have in this question is actual data right actual data here is a person you literally and I love this because people who who share these things with us actually tell us this is what happened this is how it happened to me that's what I like about testimonies. They give us data, right? So, you with me? And so, a person here receiving full total deliverance in one day and then that stayed with them since then and they after they've received total deliverance without having lived a sanctified life the day before. Incredible, right? So, there are a few things there where the problem lies. The first is the interpretation of sanctified life. Okay, young people listen up. Older people listen up. Okay. The second thing is the interpretation of total deliverance. What do you mean by total deliverance? All right. The third thing is making a onesizefitsall process of deliverance and receiving the Holy Ghost. In other words, this is how it must be for everybody. It's a one-sizefits-all thing. You know, like when you go to a Pentecostal church and you've come out from the world and you've been a sinner or something and they tell you, you come, you say these words and it'll tell you the sinner's prayer or uh Lord Jesus, I've been a sinner. I accept you as my Lord and Savior and I I I I promise um to repent of my ways. I'm repenting right now. I want to uh be waterbaptized and receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I accept the Trinity of the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost and you know all these things and and you just say those things and then the person the the pastor and the elders come around you and they pray. It's a process and they believe in the process and they make you believe in the process and you convince yourself it's the process. Does that work in the message? Message. Do we have a uh sinner's prayer? And a lot of people think we should a lot of people think it will be easier if we have a clearcut process. Those are those legalists, right? Then we have other people just jump around saying no no no. It must just be the Holy Spirit must fall and you know no process involved. Okay. So this idea, are you listening? &gt;&gt; This idea of having a onesizefitsall program of deliverance and receiving the Holy Ghost, do you know what that produces? Imposters. &gt;&gt; Brother Graham calls it programs. Right? It's where you when you have a program or a process, you put upon the people a spirit of religion. And what is that? a white horse rider. &gt;&gt; And a white horse rider is an impostor. He's a person who has a cloak of religion, but actually no arrows, just a a bow. Absolute no offense. He's got nothing to attack the enemy. He's an impostor. He's He's dressed in a white robe and he's got a crown that is given to him. &gt;&gt; That's what religious programs produce. Are you with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; So that's exactly what happens with these so-called Holy Ghost programs. They breed impersonation. Now here's the thing. People are generally good people. Okay? I I've traveled in many places in this world, all over this country, been in all the conventions and combined meetings and I've met message people. I want to tell you they are all genuinely good people. &gt;&gt; They don't want to be bad. They want to come to church. They're just simple. They want to come to church. They want to hear the word. They want to serve God. They want to change their lives. They want to be They genuinely want to be better people. Genuinely want that. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Your children as well. The problem is when you get into a group of people, you immediately feel judged. Even if the people are not judging you, you're looking around and you're you're judging yourself based on what other people do, how they sing, how they pray, what they act like. You when you get into a group of people, you immediately feel judged without anyone judging you, right? and uh other people have you you look at other people you see their families you see their children come in they're all well-dressed they're very well behaved and so on and you think well look at these people they're so well put together you know they're not going through problems like we are and you feel like you know what I can't let them know what I'm going through because then I'm going to let them down if I tell them what I'm what I'm suffering with and you know my trials and uh what you are going through or that you have any weaknesses you don't want to tell them the only reason you feel that way is because of these programs because the way it's presented. Okay, I want to go to the first question and I want to put that down for you. Right? Remember the subject of the question is, do you get the Holy Ghost only after living a sanctified life or do you only get total deliverance after receiving the Holy Ghost baptism? That's the question. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Everyone together. &gt;&gt; So question one is, do we have to live a sanctified life first to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost? What do you think? So to answer this question, we have to first deal with the misconception of a sanctified life. That's why I said this is for all of us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because people who come in the message, some of you been in the message like 30, 40 years, still don't know what it means to be a sanctified life. And some of you been in the message 30, 40 years and started making mistakes or even backsliding and now uh like you're you're you're discouraged and you're thinking, did I receive sanctification in the first place? Another common term for sanctified life is a holy life. Have you heard people speak enough of you? You live a holy life. Is that right? You know, we sing songs like that. Listen to the song. If I live a holy life, shun the wrong and do the right, I know the Lord will make a way for me. &gt;&gt; That's conditional. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So the Lord's going to make a way for me if I live a holy life. Shun the wrong and do the right. We literally write songs. So that means the Lord will not make a way for me if I don't live a holy life. That's literally what we're singing. There's nothing wrong with that song. You just need to understand what holy life means. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You understand? That's the problem is that people don't understand what is sanctified life, what is a holy life. So does it really mean then that a person has to completely get rid of every bad thing in their life? You have to get rid of every wrong thing. But bad things can be there for a long time. Okay. Do I have to get rid of every bad thing in the in my life to receive the Holy Ghost and before getting deliverance? That's that's the real question. So I have explained this to our people many times and yet I you know not our people I've explained this to people many times and yet the spirit this this nature this understanding that they have is so strong that people keep forgetting and keep falling back uh into the same trap where the enemy blackmails you and keeps you hostage. Right? A holy life. Are you all listening? &gt;&gt; Amen. A holy life has got nothing to do with whether you can keep rules. Okay? A a holy life has got nothing to do with whether you have the ability to keep yourself from bad things or what we call wrongdoings. Sanctified life has nothing to do with that. Okay. There are so many people who are not Christians or believers who are able to do these things without having the Holy Ghost and without listening to a single word of God. Does that mean they have a holy life? That is a good life. That is a righteous life. That's not a holy life. Please saints, we have to know the difference between a holy life and a righteous life. &gt;&gt; There there's literally a scripture in in in Solomon's uh books that says do not be overrighteous and do not be over wicked. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. There's a difference between living a righteous life and a holy life. A righteous life is doing everything right. That doesn't mean you're holy. That means you're righteous. But is it good to be righteous? Absolutely. &gt;&gt; It's very advantageous to be righteous. In other words, it it's it'll work well for you if you do everything right. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; So now I'm I'm putting it in here for the young people and for new people. I want you to know a holy life means a life committed to the faith of the word for your day. &gt;&gt; There's the definition. A holy life is a life committed by faith in the word for your day. That means you now I'm I'm I'm defining it even further for you. You can be a person that has many bad things in your life, but because you are committed to the faith in the word for your day, you are holy unto the Lord. &gt;&gt; Brother Alistister can't be. You can be a person who is faultless to the public eye and faultless to yourself when you look in the mirror where your even your own conscience doesn't condemn you. Yet you have re you have only achieved righteousness without faith in the world. I I I've had uh relatives who told me, you know, Alistister, I I I see your religion. I see the way you live. I I I see you going to church, but I'm a good person. I don't drink. I don't smoke. I don't curse. I forgive people. I give to charity. I don't need religion. I don't need God. I don't need And I look at them, I say, "You're right. You're living great. You're dressed well. You don't walk around flirting with every single person. You You're not fornicating. You're not committing adultery. I get it. You're faithful to your husband or your wife. You you're bringing up your children with good manners. In every single sense, you are a righteous person, but you don't know God. You are righteous, but not holy. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So why is it when we come in the message, we are telling people that righteousness is holiness? Why are you making this confusion? Because you are confusing the young people. This is the reason that uh a person who who asked the question or gave the testimony not even knowing what they experienced so so living a life of backslideness received deliverance the day after on one condition they are so they are so made they they kind of they made a true commitment to God the day after living in absolute unrighteousness, made a commitment the next day and received the Holy Ghost. There was no conditions. It's like um if you and I are a parent and and um your child who's been living in like an absolute roter for 5 years comes to you the next day and says, "Dad, I'm changed. What do you do? Dad, I I'm a new man. He'll be like, "You know what? Mom and I need to talk about this. I'm a new man, Dad. Can I drive your car?" &gt;&gt; Obviously had like 10 crashes with his car. You know, alcohol and I'm a new man, Dad. I've committed my life to God. And mom and I, God, maybe God is looking at you and thinking, "Oh, yes, he's a new man." But mom and I, Hold on. We We're not there yet. Right? &gt;&gt; You see, this is the thing. It's it's our nervousness. We're we're projecting our nervousness as if it is God's nervousness. &gt;&gt; Yet God looked at that that young person and said he was in filth yesterday. He came today. He made a genuine full confession and repentance and God gives him the Holy Ghost irrespective of what he did the day before. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you and I will be thinking, hold on, we need some trial here, buddy. &gt;&gt; We need to see some responsibility. I'm like that. I'm not just going to accept this. I need to see some responsibility first. I need to see some maturity. I can't just accept your word for it. See, so that is the reason that this person who asked the question gave such a testimony. They didn't even know what they experienced, right? They just came. They were backsliden. They came into the presence of God. Something dawned on them. They committed their life and received the Holy Ghost and never went back to that life. I know of people who have been addicts to to cigarettes or or or drinking or something and they suffer for years trying to give it up, give it up, give it up and then they meet God and they give it up in one day and the taste is gone from them to the point where if they even smell the smoke, they get annoyed. It's like God has totally taken it out. And then there's some people who will come into the message and still struggle with it for a while. They accept the word. They're loving the word. They they're listening to it. They're saying amen. They're worshiping God. They're praying. They're reading their Bibles. They still can't get deliverance from it. And one day it hits them and it's gone. &gt;&gt; But they're working at it. They're working at it. They're confessing and say, "Brother, you know, I'm still having this problem." I'm saying grow. Just listen to the word. just keep I'm not forcing them. You need to stop it today. Now I'm I'm telling them, okay, thank you. I understand. I'm praying for you. I'm with you. I keep in touch with you. I ask you, you know, how you doing? Are you are you overcoming? Keep in touch with you. As long as you're working with me, I'm working with you. And then someday you tell me, I've had the victory. You get some people who are able and God gives it to them and they overcome it and others are working through it. So that's what needs to be taught to our young people. In simple answer to the question, do you need to have a sanctified life first? Yes. Their answer is yes. Do you need to have a sanctified life to live to receive the Holy Ghost? The answer is yes. But what is the sanctified life? Okay, I'm not saying you must have a faultless life. I'm not saying you can't have bad things in your life, but you need to be sanctified. What is to be sanctified? To be totally committed to God's word, to the faith of God's word for your day. So you can be struggling with failures, but be committed. That's sanctification. That means the person on the inside of you has made a conscious commitment. and and I'm going to back up everything I've said to you with what the prophet said. Okay? Are you with me? So, the person on the inside of you must make a conscious commitment in the soul of being united with the word for your day. In other words, let me break it down for you. Young people, older people, you're only really going to have deliverance from weaknesses inside when inside you, you make a genuine commitment, not a mental one. There's got to be a conviction inside that says this is the truth for me. I love the Lord with all my heart and this is not something is happening here. something inside an actual literal spiritual commitment to God. And I'm going I'm going to tell you a little bit more about that. So that's how you receive the person of the Holy Ghost and the necessary gifts will follow. Okay? You receive the person and the necessary gifts will follow. Amen. So the question was specifically about receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So if you have if you receive the the person of the Holy Ghost, what is the baptism of the Holy Ghost for? Okay. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is to give you the ability to do something for God in his purpose. The baptism is abilities, abilities of God. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is not abilities of man. The baptism comes with prophecies, tongues, interpretations, healings, wisdom that is beyond man, knowledge that is beyond man. Are you with me? Laying on of hands on the sick, those are abilities of Christ. They're not abilities of normal people. So when you receive the person and he gives you a gift, if he's giving you the gift, a gift is being given to be used. Are you with me? So if God has given you the gift of wisdom, what are you doing sitting at home with that wisdom? If God gives you the gift of prophecy, it's going to be used, when it is necessary. You don't go around prophesying every single day. You prophesy when it is necessary. And he'll tell you when it is necessary. Are you with me? That's the baptism. That's the gift. But you ought to have the person and the gifts must follow. Right? What is the person? You must have met the person. You must believe the person. You must believe in the person. And then the last stage is after that the person becomes you. &gt;&gt; All right. All right. Let's go on. Are you still with me? Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the baptism of the Holy Ghost is the ability, right? In other words, when you have received the person of Christ inside you, then the reason why I'm telling you this is because you know the quote um justification made way for the uh sanctification. Sanctification make way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The baptism of the Holy Ghost makes way for the person. But that doesn't mean you haven't met the person. You meet the person first. The last part is the person becoming you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what that means. You go through justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, then the person becomes you. &gt;&gt; But from the beginning, you have to have met the person. &gt;&gt; You have to believe the person. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What does that mean? So in other words, when you've received the person of Christ, you then are going to need a particular ability to do the purpose that you are being called for. Right? When the time comes, you do that purpose. You to do that purpose, you receive the ability. This ability does not have to be 24/7. No one's asking if God has given you the spirit of wisdom. You're not going to be walking around there like Socrates and Aristotle proclaiming wisdom to the world every second of the day, you know, and like your friend at work comes and asks you, "How are you doing today? Did you know?" No, just hey, you know, today was a bad day. Somebody bumped my car. That's normal. I lost my cool a little bit. But and later share some wisdom. If you are moved by the Holy Ghost to affect the person so that they can recognize the spirit of Christ, not you. That's the other thing. The gift that you that God gives you must be given so that the other person glorifies God, not you. &gt;&gt; If I'm going to walk around in this world and people are going to say, "Hey, you know, Brother Alistister, he's such a great guy. He's such a good person. I'm so glad that people don't like me. I'm so grateful for that and they give glory to the word cuz then I know I'm doing it right. &gt;&gt; I'm so grateful for that. But when you use the gospel God has given you to elevate yourself, you are using the gift of God wrongly. &gt;&gt; It when people feel or recognize or or witness the gift God has given you, they must glorify God. They must glorify Christ. It's not about you. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So this ability doesn't have to be a 24/7 anointing that sisters please stop prophesying to your husbands is tiresome. Okay? And overcorrecting everything or brothers stop prophesying over your children. You don't need to be doing that just simply because God gave you a gift. This ability comes according to God's will when it is time to act. Are you with me? You don't have to force the gift or or or push the gift or act it out like your life depends on it. No, you don't have to do that. You just have to keep communing with the person and let him lead you. Are you with me? Because sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Okay, let's go to question two. Question two is if the answer is yes, yes, you have to live a sanctified life, then how long should we live in a sanctified state before we could receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost? You know, this is a question I've received so often like, "Brother Al, how long must I live a holy life before he gives me the Holy Ghost? How long must I in other words to me when I look at a teenager who's asking me that question and I feel so much compassion because I know they're trying right and and I and it's like how long must I be good before he does it for me. I'm doing my best. I'm trying to but I'm I'm waiting for and I know if I if if he gives it to me then my my my problems are are answered and I'm waiting for it and I'm looking at this child. I just want to hug them, you know, like, oh, you poor thing. You don't know. Even after you get the Holy Ghost, you're in trouble. It's not going to end here. Whoever told you this, the prophet literally said, once you get the Holy Ghost, every gun of the enemy is trained on you. He said, if you think you've been in a war, wait till you get the Holy Ghost. That's when the battle really begins. So the first thing to understand again is what it means to be sanctified. I gave you some definitions of a holy life. But I want to break a little bit more into it. Right? Sanctified. Sancti from the Latin means saint or holy. Right? Again we broke it down a few weeks ago. What is sanctified? It's the same as consecrated. It means to be set apart for the service of God. &gt;&gt; Right? So the Lord Jesus said um or let me give you some examples. If you really understand sanctification, it's really strange. It's very strange. The Bible said the tabernacle is sanctified by the glory of God. What does that mean? Right? You'll think if you think if you have a limited idea of sanctification that it's holy, that it's clean, that it's perfect, you know, uh uh that's to me that's so beautiful. It's like you don't have to go through the the the sanctuary like Moses and them didn't have to go through the tabernacle and clean it with J to make it clean. You can scrub it. You can use detergents. I realize maybe there's some people who don't know what jig is like bleach or soap and water and disinfectant and clean it to the point you know when I was in primary school I remember our primary school teachers cleanliness is next to godliness some of them cleanliness is godliness you filthy pigs you come in here outside from the grounds and you come in here smelling and all of this and your shirt just hanging on and look at this work don't you know cleanliness is close to godliness. We've been we've been taught that by non-Christian teachers from the time we were kids in South African schools. Who here has never heard that? You're lucky if you haven't. But I can see everyone has heard that cleanliness is close to godliness. Okay. When you hear something like the Bible says the tabernacle is sanctified by the glory of God, that's telling you there's nothing you can do to make the tabernacle of the Lord more holy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because you can clean it up, you can shine it, you can set it straight, you can put three crosses, you can put a million crosses. It's nothing if the glory of God is not there. See, that's what it actually means. The Lord Jesus said, remember when he was fighting with the people, when I say fighting, I mean arguing with them. He said to them, the temple, he says, uh, does doesn't the temple sanctify the gold that is in the temple? Which is greater then, the gold or the temple? I love it. Right? Paul says the believing, listen to this. If you think sanctified means a a holy life, why does Paul says the believing wife sanctifies the unbelieving husband? If sanctification has got to do with living a holy life before God, how does the believing wife sanctify the unbelieving husband? He's unbelieving. How is he sanctified? If he's unbelieving, how is he sanctified? By a believing woman. How does the unbelieving hus the believing husband sanctify the unbelieving wife? She's unbelieving. How is she then sanctified? Because she or he agrees to live the lifestyle she wants to live. They become sanctified. Why? They are living in the purpose of God. That's what makes them sanctified even though he's unbelieving. So what is sanctification got to do with the purpose of God? You see? Yeah. Um there's another scripture that says um sanctify your food that you eat with or the the food that you eat is sanctified with prayer and by the word of God. What does that mean? If you have a nice slice of steak or pork and pray over it, then it becomes holy. Like what is the the steak worshiping God? Like what is a steak have a halo over it? What do you mean sanctify? Was it dirty before? Is it now made clean? No. Sanctify is made useful to me. But another person is eating the steak. Is it not useful to them? No. That food that I'm eating when I pray with the Holy Ghost and praying for the food of Lord, let this give me the strength to continue another day to live for you. The food becomes sanctified because it's actually keeping this temple of God alive to do the purpose of God. That's the only reason that that food does not have a holy atmosphere around it. that food is not living the life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I hear people I remember uh growing up, you know, hearing people pray for the food. Lord, I sanctify this food in the name of Jesus. Bless their hearts. You know, they mean the best except they just don't know what they're saying. It means something if you if you know what you're saying. When you're serving God, you know what you're doing. You you're really have a a then your faith is real, right? When you pray over food, you're praying that it must be beneficial to you so that you are continuing your walk with God. For a person to be conscious of that is is good. It's important. And uh to you here today, it means nothing. All of you pray for your food just because you were taught that if you don't pray for your food, it's bad for you and you're a bad Christian. You know that. Yeah. Let's all pray. Let's all hold hands. Let's all pray because that's what good Christians do. Let's pray for our food. Father, for what we about to receive, make us truly thankful. Amen. Right. Our Lord, thank you for the food. Blessed to our bodies. Amen. Why? Because it's a thing we do. Are you really sanctifying your food with that prayer? No. You know why? You don't feel it? Because you have food in abundance. You have breakfast and you can choose what you want for breakfast. You have lunch. You can choose what you want for lunch. Dinner. Imagine if you're living in the day of Paul and you're barely getting food. And the food you're about to eat is not even with preservatives. It could have bacteria. It could have poisoned. What you're about to drink could have hurt you. If you sanctify it to God, you're asking God with with pure uh uh urgency, Lord, I've got work to do for you. Bless this food to my body so that I might continue to do your work. There are people who are actually sanctifying their food. You don't really do that. You don't really do that. Today it it is literally a tradition in Christianity to pray for your food. You don't care if it makes you sick. You'll just take medicine. Paul and those guys did not have medicine. &gt;&gt; You get sick with food. Probiotics or you know what? Buscoan for stomach cramps. You don't even care about sanctifying the food. Nobody does today. If you tell me you are, you're lying to me. And I know you're lying. Nobody does that because food is not a rare commodity to you anymore. It's so it's praying for food has become a tradition till sometimes I can't tell you how it annoys me when I just I hear the traditions annoy me every the more and more I live in this life traditions are annoying me cuz that I know they make the word of God of non effect cuz I know what it means. You know when uh you get to a place and you're eating something and you're going to preach and you know this stuff is not even cooked right? That's when you're going to sanctify your food. Trust me. Yeah. You can see it's not cooked right. You can see there's a cockroach leg in your food. Yeah. I've eaten those things. That's when you sanctify your food. Lord, I have got five days to preach here. I don't have all the probiotics in the world or the greatest bathrooms and conditions. I need strength. Sanctify this food for me. That's when you do it. Not when you go to your cupboard and look at what weedpics &gt;&gt; or pro neutral or otis. Lord, sanctify this food. Come on. You don't know what you're doing. Okay. So, it means to be set apart. Are you with me? For the purpose of God. If you really understand sanctification, it is strange. The prophet says in mostly throughout the message, we are sanctified by the blood of Christ. &gt;&gt; All right. So, how many of you have a cup of the blood of Christ hanging around? where you sanctify everything with a drop of Christ's blood which nobody has. So how are you sanctified with the blood of Christ, right? The problem is it is always taught as a spiritual experience which nobody can attain because it it's like you got to be this super holy person to have this blood of Christ that sanctifies you. Right? People in the past experienced sanctification without knowing it. So then when they came to teach it, they taught it all wrong. Right? And they taught it uh according to their experience and they taught it in a way that it cost out because if you don't have the same experience they have then it's like you're measuring yourself and I don't have it. They didn't mean to. Right? So let's look at the truth. Saints, are you still with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Sanctification. See, I always call you saints cuz I believe you're sanctified. Sanctification has two parts when you break it down. Firstly, young people, the first part of sanctification is you sanctifying yourself. &gt;&gt; This is why this is what is necessary. You must sanctify yourself. And that's the part where you got to understand how do I do that, right? So, first you sanctify yourself by consecrating yourself to the word. What does that mean? So for example, when a priest said or when when God said to Aaron, you are holy unto me. In other words, you are consecrated unto me. Let me break that down for you. Aaron, you're a priest to work in this tabernacle. You are a priest to my law, to my altar, to my seven golden candlesticks, to my table of shoebread, to my altar of incense, to my ark of the covenant. You are holy unto that. What does that mean? You cannot go to some other tabernacle. You cannot sacrifice on another altar. You are holy to this one. You get it? It's not saying Aaron is this perfect guy who doesn't lose his temper. It's saying he's holy unto this tabernacle. Like so for let's say let's say for example you're a talented musician. How is your gift consecrated to God? That means I am not going to use my gift to play worldly music. I am not going to use my gift. You listen, you can do what you want to. You can play music in church. You can play music at home. You can listen to stuff. You can play worldly songs. You can play the national anthem. You can play uh stuff in your school. Whatever you're doing, I'm not saying you must do that. I'm saying but when you are consecrated you are saying to God my gift is only for you &gt;&gt; that's consecrated that's holiness and when you do that let me tell you something watch the atmosphere then &gt;&gt; it's unmistakable &gt;&gt; you are a singer great singer you can sing songs of worship but when your gift of singing is consecrated you are saying, "I will not sing any other song but that which glorifies God." &gt;&gt; That is consecrated. That is holy. That's not hard to do. That's a thing you can do. It's like this. If I'm a pastor to this church and now I'm holy unto God in the ministry and then I go take the gift God gives me to go preach to other people or to go use it to uh do stuff for other people who are not even a part of God's fold and use it for my own gain to gain fame and monetary value. I am not being consecrated. I'm using the gift God gave me to speak the word to go and work in politics or in in in government or in some business or something. A pastor needs to be consecrated to the sheep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That is holiness. You see the difference? I still have a weird character. I still have faults, but I'm committed to the faith of God by the revealed word for this day. That's what it means young people to be consecrated. So for you as a young person, fine, you're not a pastor. Maybe you're not a musician, maybe you don't have something to to to do in the church. So you don't have some kind of purpose that you can say I'm consecrated. Every single one of us needs to be consecrated in one thing. The word of God comes first before any other philosophy of life, before my education. So if you go to university and you come to me and tell me, I don't believe what brother Ben Barnham said here because this is what we learned in science right there, you're not consecrated because you're already dividing your heart on belief. To be consecrated to God's word means to be undivided. &gt;&gt; That means to me the Bible and the message is my standard. &gt;&gt; Nothing comes and one day when I get married, it's still going to be my standard. &gt;&gt; When I'm in business, it's still going to be my standard. When I'm in school, it's still going to be my standard. It's what I believe in no matter where I go. I mean listen, we have brother John here who is a medical doctor. He learned about evolution. He learned about they would have told him in school that uh the world started so many billion years ago the earth and and he learned about evolution. He learned about genetics. He's not here sitting here denying God though he's a medical doctor working in it. &gt;&gt; He learned the things you are learning but there isn't an ounce of doubt in his mind about who God is. Amen. &gt;&gt; You have brothers who work in engineering science or something and they learn stuff in engineering and you learn about this. You learn about materials that are supposed to be so many million years ago. They're not coming to me saying, "Brother L, what about this so many million years ago?" No. The Bible is wrong. No. So this young people, if you come to a point in your life where your heart is telling you that I don't know, you're siding with something in politics, this is why when when I talk about things like abortion, climate change, all of this stuff, why am I telling you this? I'm not interested in politics. My heart is not divided. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You're not going to shift me because I know what God's word says. I got no issue with people talking about climate change. Just don't tell me it's going to destroy the world cuz I know what's going to destroy the world. And the Bible tells me and it's not climate change because I believe every prophecy of the book of Revelation, which is why I don't I don't subscribe to the lies the politics is telling me. They can tell me all they want to. I must not drive this car so much. Must not take planes. I must not. But they're lying to us. There is no way they're going to get solar powered ships to bring our containers. They are never going to get rid of oil. We do not have anything. We don't have solar powered planes yet. They're never going to be able to make it. Can you imagine solar powered planes flying across the Atlantic and then nose diving because it died? Okay. Or how about the ships that bring the thousands of containers for all our food from other lands and our devices? Is there any sort of material today that they can use beside oil? No. So they're lying to you. It's politics. Don't subscribe to it. Why? Because you are holy unto the Lord. Your philosophy, your belief, your ideas are all guided by his thoughts, that's consecrated. &gt;&gt; Even if I don't understand it, I'm consecrated. What he says is the most important to me. When you recognize that, you have a life that is ready to be changed. when you're still divided on what where the word of God is on whether the word of God so so if you if you know the word of God you are consecrated to the word of God will you listen to what your friends tell you it consecration gives you such a strength your friends can tell you hey listen let's go to club today let's go let's go try to smoke and you are consecrated you don't even need the Holy Ghost yet you'll say no I'm sorry I can't do that I won't do that I won't do that. Why? Why won't you do it? I don't believe I should do that. Can you hear what I'm saying? I don't believe I should do that. Why? Oh, your mommy is ruling you. No, it's not my mommy. It's not my daddy. It's not my church. I am consecrated to the word. &gt;&gt; I know what the word of God says. I believe when you are consecrated, you know, one day I'm going to be used of God. You don't even have the Holy Ghost, but in your mind, in your heart, you know, one day I'm going to be used of God. I want to keep myself for that. That's consecration. Amen. Justification. Uh, all right. Sorry, I was talking about the two parts. So, when you consecrate yourself, right? And we're going to talk a little bit more about that. The second part is God consecrates you for his purpose by drawing you deeper into the word for your day. So the first part is you consecrating yourself and then he consecrates you. Like for example, when God created the when God told the um the um priests and he you remember that perfume of the apothecary, remember that that perfume that they put upon the coals of the altar and produces the smell, the scent, the smoke. He said that perfume is holy unto me. What did that mean? that perfume is not allowed to be used for anything else but the altar of incense. In other words, Aaron, don't sneaky put it on you for a perfume for when you go to the wedding because it smells nice. It is holy unto this altar. &gt;&gt; It's only for that. That's holiness. That's sanctification. That's consecration. That's the truth of it. So I'm saying young people, can you live your life as if the word of God is the only guiding force of your mind? That your belief, that your faith is undivided, that you're not going to believe what Hollywood tells you. That when Hollywood tells you something, your heart says, "No, I don't believe that." When politics says something, "No, I don't believe that." Because God's word says this, &gt;&gt; that's sanctification, right? All right. My screen switched off on me. Okay. So, two parts to it, right? You sanctify yourself and he sanctifies you for his purpose. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; Justification is the gift of faith that gives you that God gives you when you first believe. That's when you start self self-examining and seeking to come into the fold. How does time fly like that? When you are drawn into sanctification, you are not self-examining uh anymore. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You are examining the body of Christ. Are you listening? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why are you examining the body of Christ? Because when you're a person who reaches sanctification, you are seeing yourself as part of his body, right? You are so it means you are looking outside of yourself to be used of the purpose for the purpose of the church right first you you sanctify yourself by keeping yourself for the word so let me explain it this way because I know young people will definitely understand it this way right when you are growing up you're 13 years old you're 14 years old let's let's take a boy you go to school there's a whole lot of pretty girls out there right boys. Yes. Yeah. Lots of pretty girls out there. Okay. And u you look at all of them and you say, "Oh, she's pretty. Oh, she's pretty. She's cute. She's Same with the young girls. That boy is cute. Whatever. Whatever." Right? You feel a little flutter inside. You feel attracted to them. You act stupid like you can walk on the wall. Look at me. Look at me. How great I am. Right? And hopefully she's noticed in the meantime, what a fool walking on the wall. He might hurt himself, but you feeling great. See, you're like, "I can do this. I hope she's watching me. She's watching you thinking you're a fool. You'll break your leg. Get off there." But you don't know. You don't care because you know, read Tom Sawyer. A lot of you. But then when you're in love with a girl, you come to the point where you've zoned in on this girl and she is the one for you. Okay, young children, if you're from 13 to 18 and you're in school, there's no such thing. There is no one for you. &gt;&gt; Okay, your studies is number one. &gt;&gt; Finish your studies, get a job, and then go there. If you're in school, you're not ready to be married. Stop it. That's Uncle Al's advice. Okay, obviously I can't stop you if you if you're feeling attracted to somebody, but if you're in love with a girl, okay, and now watch this. You're in love with a girl. You're over 18. You're ready to become you're a a man who has a job and starts a h a family. Now, are you all listening? &gt;&gt; So, you're in love with a girl, but she lives in her house. You live in yours because of your love for her. You commit yourself to her within yourself without telling her you love her. You already made it in your heart that you are committed to her. You are sanctifying yourself to her. &gt;&gt; You made a promise to yourself you will not look at another girl because your heart is sanctified to her. She doesn't even know you love her, but you already zoned in and sanctified. That means another drop dead gorgeous girl can stand in front of you and you're not even looking at her because you've been totally committed to someone else in your heart. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; And drop dead gorgeous. Please just let them open their mouth and watch all the dumbness pour out then you know. Okay. You only hear that from me. So appreciate it and take it right now. Okay. So because of your love for her, you commit yourself to her within yourself without even a promise of marriage. Right? You commit yourself to be only for her. That is sanctification. You and then what does sanctification do for you? If you're only committed to her, she lives in her house, you live in your house. Uh you you if you are committed to her, what's going to happen is something takes over you. You're going to start living in her orbit. You're going to start conducting your life where you meet her. You're going to take the same bus and take the same train. You're going to visit. You're going to be around there. You're going to be living in an orbit because that's what sanctification does. When you're committed to someone, you're going to live in their orbit. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? You're going to try to be as close to her as possible. You're going to call her. You're going to write to her. You're going to visit her. You're going to dress for her. You're going to buy her gifts. You're going to praise her when you meet her. You're going to feel obligated to say, "You look nice today." And she thinks, "I look like a wreck. What is he even saying?" You don't care. You're committed to her. So, you're going to praise her. You're going to show her you're thinking about her. That's sanctification. &gt;&gt; See, I know you understand that now. &gt;&gt; Now apply that to God. When you are in love with God and you are in love with the word, you are going to live in his orbit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You are going to get close to him. In bad times, you will praise him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; See, you're going to dress for him. You're going to bring gifts. &gt;&gt; You're going to praise him. You're going to help out. If there if help is needed, that's sanctification. &gt;&gt; You can't tell me, brother Al, you know, I'm I really want the Holy Ghost, but you don't come to church. &gt;&gt; You don't dress like you like you like you believe in God. You don't talk like you believe in God. You talk like your friends. How is that sanctification? &gt;&gt; That's something you can change without the Holy Ghost. If you're sanctified to her, you won't be putting yourself in the orbit of other girls. You haven't even told her you love her yet. You love her in your heart, and you're waiting for the chance to tell her. But what are you doing? You're putting yourself in her orbit, in her in her vicinity, in her proximity. See, and you find yourself, if you find yourself in the presence of other girls, you are still going to keep yourself because you are sanctified to her. A girl come up to you, she'll flirt with you, you'll just brush it off. Because in your heart, you are sanctified to somebody else. Do we understand? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's it. That's how simple it is. And that doesn't need the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. This needs true repentance. &gt;&gt; True repentance is what it takes by true recognition of the gospel for c of Christ for your day. In other words, you have to come to a point in your life, young people, where you see the Lord is amazing. His word is amazing. Like there's nothing else but this for me. This is this is phenomenal. This is like better than a juicy steak. This is you can't even describe it. The the the word is amazing. The the the prophet of God who brought this message is phenomenal. The Bible, I love to read it. I'm committed to it. That's sanctification. &gt;&gt; You can be that way without even having the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; The gifts. &gt;&gt; You can be that way. You can love to come to church. You could love to read your Bible. To wake up in the morning to read your Bible first before you even brush your teeth. &gt;&gt; Lord, what do you have for me today? Just one thought today. Oh, can't wait. See, no. What do we do today? Pick up the cell phone. What's the first thing on TikTok? You're not sanctified. &gt;&gt; You're not committed. See? So I'm saying you want results but you're not willing to put anything in. &gt;&gt; There's no time limit to sanctification especially today. So the person was saying how long do we have to live sanctified before we receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost? Sanctification never stops because after you're married you're still sanctified to her. Are you with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; There's no time limit. After you're married, you're even more committed to her. Same thing to God. After you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're even more committed to him. We are not living in a day like after the book of Acts. There was no need for spreading of the gospel at breakneck speed. Today, we're not living in a day where the world has so many different languages and we can't speak each other's language. Everyone speaks English now. And now we have Google Translate. And now we have interpretations and we can actually get this message out by without even leaving our house. Just put it on the internet. We're not living in a day with why am I saying this? Cuz you don't need those gifts anymore to go and speak with tongues with in another person's tongue and someone else to interpret to vindicate the word. You don't even need that anymore because the whole world is speaking English. And even if they don't, they speak a language we kind of know and we can get someone to help out. In terms of time, you should always live a righteous life irrespective. Listen people, I I I say it this way. You know, we we taught our kids uh I can tell you this. When we taught our kids about living right, we didn't even use the prophet. For many years in our life, our boys didn't even know who the prophet is because we didn't teach them holiness comes from that man. We didn't teach them that to live a righteous life, you need to have the Bible. Our kids knew what is righteous because this is how we lived. This is what we believe in this is house in this house. This is what we do. This is what we when we taught them about smoking, we taught them how disgusting it is, how stupid it is. We would ask them things like if you if you're going to take alcohol, why would you want to take something that will make you rip off your clothes and run around naked and then regret it the day after? Like, why would you do that? What? What's wrong with you? We taught it that way before it came to a point of the word and God and holiness and that kind. So our our kids grew up understanding you can be a better person like if you swear you're someone who has bad vocabulary. You can't express yourself in English. Therefore you need swear words learn better English. That's what we taught them first. You don't need to speak with slang because if you speak better English you don't need slang. We taught them that first. Then it comes time to holiness to God before even get there. In other words, you can live a righteous life without even the message, without even the Bible, without even the Holy Ghost. You must learn to live a better person. Listen, why would you want to smoke? It's not even logical to smoke. Why? It's logical to not smoke, not drink, not fornicate. It's logical. First learn that it's logical. Okay. &gt;&gt; So in terms of time, you should always live a righteous life irrespective of receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I'm going to teach you about that. When you get water baptized, you are making a promise to the body of Christ to be a good representative of the church. It is your reasonable service. Let's read. Romans 12:1. I love the way people read this and not really know what it means. I beseech you. This is Paul. I beseech you. Listen to Paul. He's saying, I'm pleading with you. I'm asking you. I'm begging you, brethren, by the mercies of God. You see, when you read it that way, it sounds different. that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, sanctified, consecrated, acceptable unto God. Why is acceptable? So that he can use you, which is your reasonable service. Logical. Reasonable means logical. In other words, if you are doing stuff where he cannot use you, it's logical. You can't be used if you are in those activities. This is your logical service. It's your reasonable service. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; A living sacrifice, holy and acceptable. This is not a conditional thing. This is um if you if you don't, this is not saying if you don't do this, you will be lost or God will refuse you. He's not saying uh if you mess up or something. He's saying basically if you if you mess around or you're not living an acceptable life, we can't use you. You're going to be a bad trumpet. If we get you to speak the word for us, you're going to be a bad ambassador. So, I'm I'm begging you do just live this way so you can you can work for us. You can work for God. You can be a good ambassador. That's what he's telling you. It's not a conditional thing. He's not saying if you don't live acceptable unto God or a living sacrifice that God's going to throw you away. He's not saying that. This is a human ministerial request from Paul telling you if you live responsibly, you'll be more valuable to the church. You'll be more usable for the purpose of God. Are you understanding? It means if you live clean, responsible, you can be called upon to serve the church. You will be respected by others and used to bring people in. You could be given responsibilities in the church. It's your reasonable logical service. So young people, presenting your bodies as a living sacrifice, a living sacrifice means, are you all listening? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Use your free will to stay away from bad things. That's living sacrifice as opposed to a dead sacrifice. Okay? Use your free will. Your free will means I choose not to. Okay? And what is that? Bad things are what? Addictive substances, bad behavior, gluttony, covetousness, fornication, and the likes. He asked you, he's asking you to do that by your free will. He's not saying wait till you get the Holy Ghost to stop doing that. You can stop it right now. You can choose to. You can choose not to have those bad friends. Why do you want those bad friends, right? Why would you want to go and do those? You can choose to do it without the Holy Ghost. Present your bodies a living sacrifice. It's like if you're in the world and you get married, do you know how many people when they get married, uh they say, "Okay, my wife is pregnant. I need to stop smoking." And they stop smoking. what happened, right? Or uh if you're in the world and you you you uh it would if you're getting married, let's say um you're you're a university student, you've been drinking with your friends at the bar, then you meet a pretty girl and you want to get married to her. Now you say, "Oh, I got to give up my friends and my drinking friends because I'm I want to be committed to her." And then you give up drinking for her. If you have a child, you stop smoking. Why? It's advantageous. If you want to keep the pretty girl, stop drinking. So, you do it. If you want to make sure your children are healthy, don't smoke. You do it because it's advantageous. So, is it for the church, it's advantageous for us. If you live righteous, you can be used. You can be more easily and better used for God's kingdom. Right? That's what we're saying. Let's read 1 Thessalonians 4:3. Then Paul also tells us, "However, don't just do this out of religion. Do it because you have something inside, an experience inside that happened." Right? Don't just do it because you're complying with the religion. Are you with us? &gt;&gt; Okay. 1 Thessalonians 4:3. For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that you should abstain from fornication. even your sanctification that you should abstain by free will. Stay away from illegal sexuality. That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor, not in the lust and concupisence, even as the Gentiles which know not God. Paul is saying you Paul is not saying you need the Holy Ghost to be sanctified. He's saying you should know how to possess your vessel in sanctification. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; That means whether you have the Holy Ghost or God gives you the baptism of the Holy Ghost or not, you should know how to possess your vessel. &gt;&gt; Be responsible. Are you with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; So, um, you need to learn, in other words, young people, how lust works and be guided so you strengthen your free will. That's what I feel churches in the message need to teach young people. That's where we're failing is how to strengthen free will. How do you weaken free will? By not talking about it. How you weaken free will is by demonizing it. Making them feel like being having these desires or having these emotions or having these thoughts is lustfulness. It's sinful. It's wrong. It's that's exactly how you weaken free will. Bring it out. Talk about it. Make it normal. Make it natural. Are you with me? Something catching my throat here. So young people, how will you get the knowledge? I'm just asking you young people, how will you get the knowledge of how to strengthen your free will if you don't get drawn deeper into the word? There's no way you can you can have your free will strengthened without getting deeper into the word of God. Am I right? How can you stay sanctified if you only have time for God on Sunday? Legalists think everything can be sanctified with a literal verbal prayer. This is why you have ministers, you got problems, come, come, I'll pray for you. The moment a minister says, I'll pray for you, he's believing in him, he's a narcissist, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; He's believing in himself like his prayer is going to solve your problem. Even if he prays for you, your faith makes you whole. [Music] &gt;&gt; This isn't like sanctifying food. You're not praying for young people like you're sanctifying food. Sanctifying yourself, young people, is keeping yourself for the Lord. The same way you will keep yourself for a young girl, it should be even deeper than that. But I'm saying to you, I'm I'm showing you how to understand sanctification, right? And the strength comes from daily consecration, daily commitment, consecrating my gifts, my thoughts, my speech, my actions. This is why you can go out in the world, you can work, you can be with friends. Don't talk like them. Talk like you. &gt;&gt; Talk like a son of God. And don't worry, they'll get used to you. They'll say you're weird and whatever. They'll still like you. You don't have to be cool like them. Don't talk like them. &gt;&gt; Talk like a son of God. That's consecration. But when you don't, you are heading for a fall. Guaranteed. Okay? That's only talking. Listen, young people. You get into a friend's car to go buy pizza and that person has a gun in the car and you get stopped by the police, you are guilty by association. &gt;&gt; Do you understand? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You are guilty by association. You can be charged because how are they going to prove if that gun was used in a crime and you in a car with that person? How are you going to prove that you are not party to that crime to whatever crime was was was committed with that gun? Every one of you gets arrested and are under suspicion. You are guilty by association. So you if you are consecrated I don't want to get into I don't want to get into a car. You know the story of young people with friends getting into cars. I have lost so many friends in school who got into the car of some reckless person, crashed the car and killed an innocent child. Parents lost their children because they let their kids get into a car with some people who are absolutely irresponsible. What happened? You How many friends in my school that we lost because of irresponsibility? I'm saying to you young people, if you believe that your body is preserved for the gospel, be responsible with it. &gt;&gt; Be sanctified. Be consecrated. And it's not hard. It's your choice. It's always your choice. There's no way around this. And there's no Holy Ghost to help you. You have to be consecrated first by your own will, then he will consecrate you. Got it? But a person can only fight when something is worth fighting for. If she's not worth fighting for, why consecrate yourself to her? Look around, man. There's many pebbles on the beach. Right? But when you're committed to her, you don't even notice other pebbles on the beach. This is the thing. If she's worth fighting for, your heart will commit. So why are you not committing to God's work? You haven't recognized that it's worth fighting for yet. &gt;&gt; That's simply the truth. How do I know? The Bible says, "You cannot have the love of the world and the love of God in you at the same time." &gt;&gt; It's that simple. Why is the word of God worth more to me than pornography, smoking, drinking, or fornication? That's the question you want to ask yourself. Why is the word of God more important to me? If it's not, you won't fight that thing. If it is, you will fight it. There are people, listen, young people, there are people in this world who live victorious lives without knowing how or why, right? They won't even they won't even know why or take the time to because they just live consecrated lives without realizing it. You cannot be consecrated to an anointing. You can only be consecrated to a person, right? You're not consecrated to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You're consecrated to the person. Consecration or sanctification speaks of being spiritually ambitious. Are you ambitious for God? Religious church attendance takes away spiritual ambition. Therefore, consecration. That means if you come to church out of religion, you lost ambition for God because you thought this is what you must do. You got no reason to live for him out there. You got no reason to talk about him out there. You feel ashamed to say you believe in the message of William Brandham. You feel ashamed to talk about the word. You feel ashamed to share something how God's word blessed you to a work colleague. You feel ashamed to mention oh you know this. You know the speech. Well actually we're from a church that doesn't do this. We are like that. We don't believe in that. But you skirt and never get to it. What's wrong with say I am a real Christian. I believe the word. I believe in the prophets. I believe this. I believe this. I believe this. Be consecrated. Say what you believe. That's the first step to living the truth out there. When you can't say what you believe, it's And let me tell you, boys, that time's coming because she's going to she's going to want to know whether you love her or not. Are you going to say it or not? Try it. See how well that works for you. H you She's going to want to hear that you love her. She's going to She's going to want to know that you love her. And you can act it all out or act like you're interested. She'll choose somebody else. That's how it is. Let's go to the message thirst. Proverb 143. Let me tell you something. When you are worshiping God in spirit and in truth, when it becomes a custom for you to do it because you think you ought to because you think if you don't shout or jump or dance with music, your neighbor is going to think you're backslid, you are drinking from a stagnated stream. Do you hear me? If you are serving God in this message because you think you have to, because it's a custom, you are drinking from a stagnated stream. Question three. I don't want to elaborate too much. I want to get to the the end. Is it even possible to overcome sin without having the baptism of the Holy Ghost? What do you mean by sin? If you mean addictions and wrong things, the answer is of course. It's possible to overcome sin without the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Right? You can overcome all that without even being a Christian. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do people in the world live without fornication or adultery without the Holy Ghost? Yes. How do they do it? Why is it that only message youth need the Holy Ghost to quit fornication? Huh? Why? Why is it do Buddhist monks have the power of the Holy Ghost? There are so many people in the world who don't go to church, who don't cheat on their spouses, and don't use pornography. How do they do it? Do they have the Holy Ghost? There are thousands of people, do you know thousands of people in the world today who have televisions in their homes and not addicted to movies? How do they do it? They are only watching news and sports and most of them can go through a whole week without watching a single thing. Why do message people have so much of trouble with this thing? &gt;&gt; There are millions of people in the world who don't have rules like us who will not listen to hip-hop or pop music there. Do you know how many people in the world think all that is rubbish? They only listen to Mozart and Beethoven. Do they have the Holy Ghost? No. They have a taste for something else. Therefore, they are committed to something else. You have a problem with taste. There are people in this world who choose to be single, who stay away from politics, who are atheists, they don't drink alcohol, they don't smoke, they don't fight, they hate war, they only eat vegetables. They do all that without the Holy Ghost. Huh? Do they need the Holy Ghost? No. So why do you need a quick fix? It's simple. It's what you want to do. See, because religion gives you a false sense of security and a cloak for uncleanness, right? That's when you think uh uh it's easily or or rather let's say this way. Let's ask it this way this question. Why is it that religious people are so encumbered with burdens of unrighteousness when they should be the ones that are victorious? Because religion gives you a false sense of security. You think you need religion to overcome those things. There are people in the world without your religion that overcome it. &gt;&gt; Yes, it is possible to live righteously without the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It is possible to live clean without the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, don't use it as an excuse. It's not an it's not a good enough excuse. Question four. stages of new birth like justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. Isn't he speaking about church ages? Is he mentioning that an individual to have to undergo first two stages before he would receive the Holy Ghost? Listen saints, the three stages were for the church. Absolutely. But also for the individual, you need to go through that, right? It's a it's an important part of your development. Uh I've spoken about this before when I speak about justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. I studied it under the trumpets. I remember I spoke about it being like the three world wars. To me it's every single one is at war. It's not some uh uh experience where you you just come. Brother said salvation is a messy thing, right? They are wars. It's like the sixth seal being let loose on your body because you're trying to do things. You come from a place where you're thinking something else and now you get the word which challenges your thinking and now you have to change your thinking. It's a war. Amen. In a time where the world has become almost impossible. Listen young people. This world is priming you to be self-centered. &gt;&gt; That means think of yourself. My satisfaction, my entertainment, my enjoyment, who I am, this is for me. It's it's serving you on a plate to be self-centered. It's it's actually harder than it was in that day. Let's go to question two, which has got to do with evidence of the Holy Ghost. Definite experience of the Holy Ghost versus a change or deviation in individual's life, a purposeful nature. Let's read the question. Whenever someone asks me about how does someone know for sure that they received the Holy Ghost, I find it difficult to answer. In my case, it was simple. My earlier life was so bad and after that one particular event, my life changed completely. I know definitely that it has happened because I know the results it brought in my life. But for some people, this may not be true. Some youngsters live a good life from their childhood and they find it difficult to differentiate between Holy Ghost baptism and after Holy Ghost baptism. They tell me they still make mistakes. Then how can it be the Holy Ghost? I even heard on tape that one should look shouldn't look for a perfect sinless life to say that they are truly born again. So when I tell them that one could make mistakes even after getting the Holy Ghost with quotes they start questioning like what is the reason for giving us the Holy Ghost if we are still vulnerable? How if we have the the spirit of Christ can we have anger etc. Recently I gave an example to a sister about sister Bruce uh how brother Madam explains to her that we are born as sinners but at a certain time our life got changed. If there is deviation in our lives it could only be due to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Deviation meaning your purpose is changed. Okay. Uh this is exactly in line with what you preached about purposeful nature. I was very excited when you preached this line. This has helped someone in our church get the understanding they need. But my main question is how can we help people to know whether they received it or not especially for those youngsters who don't or who don't have a bad past to compare with. You have touched this point at a high level on few occasions but would like to know if you can give more clarity on the subject. Okay. So I did say this to you before. Why would you need evidence of the Holy Ghost? Because you are unsure. That's the only reason. Anyone who needs evidence means you are unsure. Why are you unsure. You see, I don't There's a lot of smoke. There's a lot of noise. I like to cut straight through that, right? Why do you need evidence? Because you're unsure. Why are you unsure? A few reasons. The main reason is you've been taught wrong or you interpreted what you've been taught. You've interpreted wrong what you've been taught. Okay. First you have to identify what evidence are you looking for. Are you looking for evidence of the person or evidence of the anointing or ability? The evidence most people are looking for is I want to be sinless. That's not the evidence. I want to be righteous. I just taught you you can be righteous without it. &gt;&gt; That's not the evidence. All right. So, you're looking for the wrong thing. determine what evidence you were looking for. Like like when I read the quote preaching on a subject, you can only receive the Holy Ghost if you know what it is, if you know what results it brings, if you know that it's for you and you believe it's for you, then you know what you have and you get it. Right? So if you need evidence of the person, what is that supposed to look like? You say maybe evidence of the power, evidence of the gifts is something. What evidence is there of the person? It's like when you bring a girl home and you tell your mom you're in love with her and your mom says, "Hold on. How do you know you're in love with her? Where's she from? What's her family like? What degrees does she have? How much money do they have?" Mom, that's not my evidence. Then what's your evidence? You just met her 3 months ago. Some of you might have been through that. If you determine evidence by those things, you are looking for the evidence of of an ability and not the evidence of the person, right? If you need evidence of the person, what is that supposed to look like? Okay? When you have the person, it takes away sin. And what is sin? Unbelief. The evidence of the person is unbelief being taken away. Right? You will never disbelieve God's word. Evidence of the anointing is the manifestation of a particular ability. Like for example, I used to be a person that couldn't even say a speech in school. I used to be a person who was so nervous to say a speech. I would sweat. I would be nervous. Have you ever seen those? I felt so sorry for those young boys be holding their speech cards and they're like absolutely nervous stutter and then you get the Holy Ghost and then you stand in front of a thousand people and speak the word. That's an ability of the gift and evidence of the gift because you know on your own you're so nervous your stomach is churning inside. What gives you the ability? Only the Holy Ghost. But what's the evidence of the person? You believe evidence of the anointing is manifestation. You still have to have you're still going to have failures, people. You're still going to have mistakes and you might even have backslideness time to time. Even the prophet came on the pulpit and confessed things. And I'm not talking about bad things. Brother Baron would even say, "I really didn't want to come to church today. I made all the excuses to myself." Can you believe that? A prophet making excuses about coming to church. And he said, "It's only the Holy Ghost that brought me here." H the person comes without sensation. It is a deep realization inside. You meet the person first, then he justifies you. Then you will desire to be sanctified to him. Then he will give you his anointing and finally he will become you. That's the process. Write it down. When you grow up and you live a sanctified life as a child of a message believer, you've been living a sanctified life without meeting the person. That was me. I grew up in brother Steve's home. I grew up in the message. I lived a sanctified life without meeting the person. I dressed right. I lived in the message. I was in church every week, every day, sometimes seven days a week. I sang only Christian songs. I did not have a television in our house. I did not smoke. I did not drink. I lived a sanctified life. My whole life sanctified without meeting the person. And it came to a point where I realized I didn't know the person. Now, what's going to help me? You can't tell me I'm a sinner. I've been living right all along. I've been speaking right, not swearing. Well, that was because when I was five, I swore once. My mom put chili powder in my mouth. That was the end. There was no faith involved there. I just knew it, right? There was no faith at all. No way. Chili powder is happening again. But those things worked. Okay? So I live a sanctified life my whole life. Don't know the person. What's going to work for me now? Holy Ghost service repentance. From what to what? Amen. The person comes with a deep realization inside. You have to meet that person. You will justify you. If you meet the person, you will still. So I'm telling you young people, those of you, I'm talking to those people, young people who live in the message. You've been brought up under a message parent. You've been living right. You've been taught to speak right. You are in every church service. You are dressing right. You are not smoking. You're not drinking. You don't have any wrong things to repent from. You have to meet the person someday because you've just you've just been a good follower of a culture, right? If you meet the person, guess what's going to happen? Nothing. You're still going to live like you did before. There's no change. You're still going to come to church. You're still going to dress right. So, what changes there? Nothing with the rest of your life. Something changes inside. Amen. You meet the person, there's no change to your life on the outside. No difference. But when you meet the person, your focus changes. You have a purpose beyond what you have in life. Suddenly you can stand up and say, "There's something for me to do for God." You feel incentivized. I'm not just coming here to be a part of the movement. There's something more for me. There's something deeper. Right? Let's go to question three, which which is our main question. When would we stop making mistakes? Anybody want to answer? All right, let's read the question. Is that we can never is it that we can never be so close to God that we couldn't fall? I heard from a preacher that when we have the attributes from stat statue of a perfect man, we will not fall again. He quoted the following scripture 2 Peter 1:10 which we read in the beginning. Wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. If you do these things, you shall never fall. Is this correct understanding according to the prophet? Firstly, you shall never fall. What does that mean? H is it is falling from the purpose of God. It is falling into unbelief. If you have these things, you shall never fall. You shall never fall from your purpose. It is disbelieving. Right? The virtues was about strength and character for purpose. If you have them, it shows consecration. Consecration for a purpose. It is necessary, right? It's like virtues that are required to be faithful, to be sanctified to the woman. I was talking about the or the man you're in love with. You need virtues. So if you're consecrate, if you're dedicated to that girl you're in love with whom you haven't told, you are going to change yourself. What are you going to do? You're going to have faith in her. You're going to give yourself virtue. You're not going to look at others, right? You're going to have knowledge. You're going to learn everything you can about her. You're going to have patience. You're going to endure. Look at that. What is godliness? Godliness is staying within what you're supposed to do for a purpose. for the purpose of God. You're going to be dedicated to her. You're going to do things that you know you think she might like. Of course, you're also going to be like brotherly kindness on your best behavior, right? This is what it is. They're virtues that show consecration. The simple answer is the baptism of the Holy Ghost is given to you to give you ability to bring your purpose to pass. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may never know or need to know how it is being used. You have a gift. You know, I I don't have enough time in my life to be able to explain all this. It's simply the truth. I wish there were more than 24 hours in a day. Uh it's like this. When you head to work one day, are you even anticipating meeting someone who's going to ask a question that is related to God? You you don't you're not ready for it. There's no exam to work for. There's no studying you can you can make yourself ready for for that on that day. It's going to happen. And at that day, the words will be in your mouth if you are consecrated. So the simple answer is the baptism of the Holy Ghost is given to you to give you ability to bring the word to pass. Listen young people, saints of God, you may never stop making some mistakes. Even if you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you are still going to struggle with your failures, but they will certainly decrease as you become more faithful to the word. And maturity of character will help you make better choices and make mistakes less and less and you become better until you take control of them. Stop being a chicken and asking for God to take control of your mistakes. He wants you to get the victory. &gt;&gt; He wants to fortify you with the word so you take control. Yes. &gt;&gt; This idea of Lord, you take control. &gt;&gt; No. I'm sorry. That's Pentecostalism. &gt;&gt; Are you ready for this? I don't think you're ready for this. Religious message people. Let's read. Stature of a perfect man of all places. See these fellows wasn't required. What these fellows was? This wasn't required. what this was. See that he brought his church up the same way. He brought his church up the same way he's bringing uh the people his people up. Then Peter here says first things faith, virtue see coming up knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, brotherly kindness and then the love of God, the Holy Ghost. The Christ in the person of the Holy Ghost comes upon you in the true baptism of the Holy Ghost and you got all his virtues sealed in. Then God lives in a tabernacle called the building, the living tabernacle of the living God's dwelling place. When a man possesses these kind of things, then the Holy Ghost comes upon him. No matter you might speak with tongues, you might impersonate any gift that God's got. You might do that, but until these virtues here go into you, you're still off the real true foundation of faith. But when these virtues grow in, as you added that to that, then you are living monument. You are living moving idol. You are living idol means you become the perfect embodiment of God that other people will recognize God in and worship him. you know, speaking on the virtues and you know, last week's service I I don't know I um speaking on the the doctrines of the message, you know, people do get offended by it. They never really listen to it properly. But do you know you will never even find in the message where brother Ben Baram even uses the phrase seven virtues. Did you know that? There there isn't even a place where he even relates the virtues to the thunders. &gt;&gt; Never. &gt;&gt; You're not. &gt;&gt; We got so used to call it the seven virtues. Brother Benham doesn't even call it that. &gt;&gt; He may even call it the virtues of God, right? But because the Greeks came up with virtues and then you know it became seven virtues in the Catholic Church and then we come to the end and of course there's seven virtues and there's actually eight there. faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, charity, &gt;&gt; eight, &gt;&gt; add to faith. So if you if you take away charity, then there are seven. And then brother Brandham explains how the Holy Ghost comes and seals it in and charity comes down, &gt;&gt; right? But nowhere in the message will you find brother Brandham even calling it seven virtues. totally totally made up. There's nothing wrong with it. When I preach about it, I call it the seven virtues because we've gotten used to speaking about it, right? It they may even though the the the seven virtues people put these things together by trying to make sense of it, they made a lot more sense than other doctrines, I'll tell you that. Than other doctrines I've heard. But it was not enough to bring the most important thing. With all the seven virtues that you preach about that they preached about for for for decades, one thing was lacking. Humility. If you look at the proponents of it, there's no humility. How can you have those virtues without humility? So young people, listen up. If we take the name away, let's take the name away. Let's take the name seven virtues away. Let's take the name virtues away. Let's say characteristics. What is it saying? If you examine all these characteristics, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness. Peter is saying add to your faith. He didn't say Holy Ghost must add it. Said you add to it. &gt;&gt; Add to your faith virtue. Add to your virtue knowledge. Add to your knowledge patience. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He didn't say God must do it. He said you must do it. &gt;&gt; Everything the prophet speaks about in here young people is about you becoming a nicer person message people become nicer people. And this is where I want to I want to talk to you. Too many of you younger people, young people, you want the Holy Ghost to fight off pornography, addictions, whatever weaknesses, but you're not willing to become a nicer person. You're not willing to be humble and shake off pride. You don't mind being arrogant and disrespectful to elders. You don't mind being worldly and acting like Hollywood and meddling in worldly music, but you want the Holy Ghost to take away an addiction. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't mind dressing like the world, talking like the world. You don't mind believing in worldly philosophies over the Bible because it's an ancient manuscript and it judges modern life. The person of the Holy Ghost cannot come upon a nature like that. Faith is unadulterated belief in the word for your day. Virtue is I'm I'm telling you what those characteristics are. What is faith? Add to your faith. What is faith? Let's start there. Faith is unadulterated belief in the word for your day. Do you have that? Do you believe that God is God? Do you believe that the Lord Jesus Christ died to save you from your sins? Do you believe that the message of the hour that was brought by this prophet is the saving grace for this day? Start there. Do you believe that? When you believe that, add virtue to your faith. What is virtue? Living true to yourself and faith in the word. &gt;&gt; What is knowledge? Understanding of the word. What is temperance? The ability to control your tongue and your actions. &gt;&gt; What is patience? Endurance during times of trials and struggle. What is godliness? Consecration to the word and the body of Christ. What is brotherly kindness? being unselfish, not self-centered and thoughtfulness for others. Be a nicer person. You want the Holy Ghost, don't make excuses. Don't go to youth camps and youth meetings and expect us to produce some kind of magical anointing that's going to suddenly make you a nicer person. If you want the Holy Ghost, make it your everyday purpose to have these characteristics, even if it means denying yourself some pleasures. I do it. No one else does it in this message. Do you know how much we've denied to bring you your you children up in the ways of God? Do you know how much we've had to sacrifice? I'm not trying to make you feel bad. I'm just telling you the truth. I don't feel bad. I didn't struggle to to to give up pleasures in this life. I love the life I lead in God. Okay? But I'm telling you, the amount of things we've had to do to bring you up, to bring you where you are, to teach you the gospel, it's not even abstinence. Don't struggle. Here's it. Here it is, brother L. I struggle to stay away from this thing. Stop it. Stop struggling to stay away from it. attach yourself to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not abstinence. You You try struggling to stay away from something. That's focusing on yourself. That's acting like a victim. I have a problem. I have a problem. I can't stay away from it. I can't give this thing up. Stop trying to give it up. Give yourself to God. &gt;&gt; Attach yourself to him. You won't have to struggle to give that thing up. &gt;&gt; Amen. Start with faith. See, don't tell me you're committed to God when you don't read the Bible. You don't pray with earnesty. You don't believe you get up and go to work or university or school and you don't believe in God's presence being with you to protect you on the road. Didn't think about that. Why should God protect me on the road? because I want to live to serve him. Okay. Ordination message ordination. Remember this morning's lesson. These virtues has to be in there before the capsule will ever come in. You might shout, you might sing, you might speak with tongues and dance. That has nothing to do with it. Until these scriptural proven is sealed unto you, the Holy Spirit seals you in as an individual. Then you're a son and daughter of God. Amen. The next quote, living, dying, buried, rising. Listen, go and read this at home. I want to I want to get through it quickly. It's got to be you. My emotions has brought me to this altar, but now it takes your spirit to change me. Right? My emotions. This is where you can do all of these things. Maybe your emotions brought to the altar, but God has to change you. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; God has to change what? something inside you to put you into his purpose. But if you believe him and if you love him, you're going to want to change. You can't lie to me. I know you can do it. I've seen a boy who can be a total slur fall in love with a girl and change overnight. Why can't you do that for God? You're not expecting her to give you some anointing. See? Okay, let's get to the next thing. Sins and being not perfect. Okay, I want to go through these scriptures really quickly. First Kings 8:4 uh 46. If they sin against thee, for there is no man that's there's scripture. There is no man that sinnth not. Thou be angry with them, deliver them to the enemy, so they carry away captives and so on. Ecclesiastes 7:20. For there is not a just man upon the earth that doeth good and sinnth not. 1 John 3:6. Whosoever abideth in him sinnth not. Whosoever sinnth have not seen him neither known him. 1 John 5:16. If any man see his brother sin a sin, that which is not a sin unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for that sin that not for that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death. I do not say that he shall pray for it. So this scripture tells you there is a sin unto death. There is sin that is not unto death. Sin unto death is unbelief. There are sins that we do in our lives or wrong things or bad things that is not unto death. The Bible is telling us that what separates you from God is disbelieving God. &gt;&gt; 1 John 1:8-10. If we say we have no sin, we deceive ourselves. and the truth is not in us. How can he say this and then say he who's born of God does not commit sin? In other words, he's saying if you say you don't have wrong bad things in your life, you're lying because we all have it. If we confess it, he is faithful and just to forgive us and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. &gt;&gt; If we say we have not sinned, we make him a liar &gt;&gt; and his word is not in us. So this idea that you come to God, he gives you the Holy Ghost, and you have no bad things in your life is false. &gt;&gt; You're always going to have bad things. You're always going to struggle with unrighteousness, but you'll never struggle with unbelief. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Fornication &gt;&gt; is a sin against your own body. It's not even a sin against God. How can the Bible say fornication is so young people if you fornicate? Let's read 1 Corinthians 6:18-19. Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is, let me explain that to you. You drink, you smoke, you curse, you lie, you do all of those things. It's a sin outside of your body. You commit fornication, illegal sexual activity without marriage, it's a sin against your own body. Yes, &gt;&gt; you get married, you commit adultery. Adultery is a is a spiritual thing. Fornication is the act. Adultery is while you are married and falling in love with someone else. That's adultery. That's breaking of vows. Fornication is the act. You can have you can commit adultery without fornication. You know that you can be married to someone and fall in love with someone else and it's adultery though you haven't slept with them. But if you slept with them, you committed adultery and fornication. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Why is fornication a sin against your own body? Because it literally affects your body. It changes your body. It breaks your nature. It's like the first time when the two in the Garden of Eden once they had committed the act there was no going back. Do you understand? &gt;&gt; Once you've been with another person, you cannot erase it. It's there. It's going to be there with you for the rest of your life. There's no way to erase it. You sinned against your own body, not even God. You have affected yourself. This is what I was teaching these young people when I was speaking in Canada. It's a sin against your own body. What? And he's trying to tell you, do you not know you're the temple of the Holy Ghost which you which you are of God. You are not your own. This body you have consecrated to God. Why would you want to then go and damage it by sinning against it? That's why he's saying flee fornication. He's not saying get the Holy Ghost to help you flee fornication. He's saying by your own will don't do it. 1 Corinthians 7:36. If any man think that he behaveth himself uncommonly toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age and needs to require, let him do what he will. He sinnth not, let him marry. There's no sin in getting married. Get married and then be with your wife or your husband. There's no sin in that. if you have a problem. In other words, he's saying Paul actually gives us the the the solution to fornication in 1 Corinthians 7, saying, "Get married to avoid fornication." Amen. Does God ever change his mind about his word? I'm going to go to the highlighted part. See, God permitted Israel. Okay. Part of 97. It's best to have God's will. That's what he taught us. Thy will be done. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done. We must submit oursel to his will and his word. Don't question it. Believe it. Don't try to find a way around it. Just take it the way it is. So many wants to go around get some other way. And when you do, you find yourself going on, you find God blessing you, but you're working in his permissible will and not his perfect divine will. Are you still with me? He permits it as I said, but he will not he will not let it be his perfect will, but he'll make it work to honor and and bless his perfect will. He's and childbearing by sex is one of them. He's allowed sexuality to be here as a permissive will because we need to bring forth children. We need to bond in marriages. We're not in the perfect state before then. God has permitted that. But it's permitted within marriage. Is that right? This is to show you you are going to have struggles with this. Even after you're married, you're going to have struggles with this because you have to control that thing. It's not his permissive will. You are in a permissive will state. As long as you are in this permissible will state, you are going to keep having troubles with that and you have to get it under control. There's only one way and that's by taking his perfect will which comes by his word. You can only do it by being committed to him. No other way. and saints, whatever situation you found yourself in, fornication or whatever, when you come to God, here is the promise of God. You consecrate yourself still. You have not wiped away the stains of your past. Then he gives you the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; that wipes it away. &gt;&gt; That cleanses it. That's the only thing that does. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. In closing, true righteousness. How many wants to know what's true righteousness? Hey, this is the part you're not ready for. Religious message people. Believe us. Thou this. When a Notice what kind of man Are you all awake? &gt;&gt; I'm almost finished. I know it's been long, but I'm almost done. Notice what kind of man he came to now. A man that was righteous. There it is. This is something you write down, print it, put it in a frame, stick it on your wall. I said, do it. A righteous man is not a sinless man, but a man that depends on his righteousness by confessing his wrongs to God. &gt;&gt; That's a real righteous man. A righteous man like Caiaphas who knew he did everything right would slap the face of the Savior. But a righteous man is not a sinless man but a man that depends on his righteousness by confessing his wrong &gt;&gt; to God. I'll give you another one. Brother Abraham says this many times. God provided way. Now a righteous man is not a sinless man. For you notice he said Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. He had his ups and downs and his differences and the scripture of his life proves that he had ups and downs like we do. And he had his times of wondering and his times that his temper got away from him. Like that that person who said, "If I still have the Holy Ghost, why do I still have anger?" &gt;&gt; Right? uh he he had a lot of things that went wrong, but he was still a righteous man because he confessed his unworthiness and believed in God. That's what made him righteous. &gt;&gt; So, here's the problem. We got a whole lot of people who don't confess it. &gt;&gt; We're not righteous within ourselves. We're righteous through Christ Jesus. I cannot be sanctified within myself. I am sanctified through Christ Jesus in the presence of God in my place. Lastly, saints, brother Maram says in the message, invisible union. You're standing completely. You never sinned at the first place. God don't even know it. It's in the sea of forgetfulness. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser. But really, from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and daughter of God. You're standing there washed. Your old book of divorcement is put away and it's dead. absolutely out of existence. Even the mind of God, you're the virtuous bride of Christ, washed in the blood of Christ, precious, virtuous, sinless son of God, standing with a pure, unadulterated, bride word that he washed by the water of his word. Saints, this is what I believe. It's this that I apply to all believers. as a pastor of a church and other people that I that I preach to, I apply this to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe this. Which is why my purpose is not to tell you to be liberal. My purpose is not to say, "It's okay, young people. Go live irresponsibly, do bad things, it's okay. Just come back here and say you're sorry, and I'm okay with it." If you know me, you know that's not what I do. I believe in accountability. I believe in responsibility. But I also believe that you're our human. You make mistakes. I will deal with you. In other words, if you make mistakes, it doesn't matter to me how many times you fail or fall. If you love God's word, I can deal with you. That's it. That's it for me because that's what I believe. &gt;&gt; He said to me, he chose you. He wiped it away. It's an asserious forgetfulness. Even if I don't forget, I still believe he he forgot it. &gt;&gt; He's sealed it. He's put it away. That's how I work. That's as a minister how I'm going to treat you. But you have to be responsible to him. You have to be responsible for me. I have to be responsible for you. I'm never going to lose that, right? For you. There's another thing that annoys me. Or rather, let's put it this way. There is nothing that annoys me more than a believer who lives irresponsibly. It annoys me. But trust me, when I meet you, I put that annoyance aside. But you, if you ask my wife, she'll know I'm saying here they go again. Why? Firstly, it's inconvenient. Why must I deal with this again and again and again? It's inconvenient. It's annoying. I'm human. I'm like, you know, wake up. Start living right, man. Do the right thing. &gt;&gt; Speak right. Live right. What's the problem with you? I'm striving every day. Do it for me, too. But if you do fail, I'm going to put that annoyance aside. I'm going to work with you in my own pride and my own self-righteousness. I would close my book on you. You mess around many times, I will close my book on you and walk away from you and leave you for a lost cause. I'm I'm confessing to you right now, it's only the Holy Ghost in me that makes me work with you. I get frustrated with myself. Why shouldn't I get frustrated with you? I don't like unrighteousness at all. That's why they call me grumpy at home. I'm bound to you by the Holy Spirit in all of us. I believe in this. I believe the Holy Spirit is in all of us. I'm bound to you because of that. I'm bound to you by the Holy Spirit in all of us to bear your burden and you to bear my burden. And I love you as you do for me. I'm also duty bound to tell you the truth and give you the hope of the spirit that keeps calling you back to him to make your life right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Do you love him, saints? I know you love him. &gt;&gt; I'm here to tell you, you need to change your idea about what the Holy Ghost does for you and what a consecrated life is. You're not called here to have a spiritual epiphany that makes your life perfect. No, there's there's never been a day where God gave his son a promise and the son just sat back and waited for something to happen. This is what bothers me about message people today. You've made your lives about church. Noah was given the word and 120 years he built an ark. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What do we do? Come to church. Is that it? That's not even onetenth of it. [Music] So this is the problem young people. This is the problem. This is the problem with the message. This is a problem with message churches. You come to the message, you get baptized, you come, you sing song specials, that's it. You do nothing. Nobody testifies anymore. Nobody witnesses. You meet the same people traveling with you in taxis to university, to college. You do not tell them about your faith. You do not talk about God. You do not tell them how much you love him. You don't testify to people you meet, people you work with. They know nothing. They think you like them and their life. What's wrong with you? How is that consecrated to him? It's not funny to joke filthy jokes with your friends. It's not funny to listen to somebody showing you some video of some filthy jokes on Tik Tok or YouTube and then you all laugh at it. That's not consecration. Don't think you're going to have that life. Come into church and expect the Holy Ghost to make your life better. This requires consecration. This life requires consecration. And you can only be consecration if you have met the person. If you are not consecrated, the simple evidence is you haven't yet met the person. You've heard of him. You haven't met him. You haven't esteemed his word greater to you than anything else. I can tell you this day to me if everything fails me, if my wife fails me, my children fail me, the world fails me, my family fails me, I will never leave this word. I believe in it more than anything else, more than myself. That's what I want to give to you. Let's not use this message as an excuse to make our lives better. If you do, it will make your life better. Some of you are living better lives because of it. You can live better because you are righteous. There are people out there who live better because they are righteous. Look at Donald Trump. The guy doesn't drink, smoke, or take drugs. Got a mouth like a sailor. But I mean, you you talking about a guy who's a billionaire, owns stuff, hotels and casinos and all over the world, but doesn't drink, doesn't smoke? doesn't take drugs. How does he have the control and go to parties and go with people? Because he knows what's more important to him. He doesn't want to lose control. He's living in a world where the moment you lose control, people take pictures, videos, and stuff and post it about him and and break his purpose. He's got a purpose. He's got an agenda. He doesn't need the Holy Ghost to stay away from those things. Be consecrated. Sanctification is a beautiful thing. Consecration is a beautiful thing. You have a gift, consecrated to God. Watch the anointing. You're a musician, consecrated to God. Watch the anointing. &gt;&gt; When you're consecrated, you sing a song, you sing in church. If you're good at singing, consecrated to him. Watch the anointing. &gt;&gt; The anointing comes with consecration because that gift is given to him. If you're if you're a preacher, consecrate your mouth to him. Consecrate your voice to him, your mind to him. Don't mix it with man's theology. Consecrated with the message, with the Bible, with the scripture. Watch the anointing. Study. Consecration is study. If you're a preacher, study the word. Then watch the anointing when you speak. You think the anointing comes purely because God has put some supernatural in us. No. There's work involved. Amen. That's what it's going to take. Consecration. Let's bow our heads together.
