################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-13 - The Image and Likeness of God P2 - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-13
Title:    The Image and Likeness of God P2 - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Convention
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIOLVXRKUD4
========================================

Description:
28 December 2020
Annual Camp Meeting 2020 - Walking in the Vision

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Greetings, brothers and sisters, in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We're happy to be with you once again. Once again, thank you for the great privilege that it is to share the word of the Lord with you and thank you to all the brothers from the Philippines and to all you people around the world that are uh listening to these messages and we appreciate you all. Thank you uh once again for this opportunity. So, let's just bow our heads as we pray. Dear Lord Jesus, we approach your throne room of grace once again. We're so thankful, Lord, for this time that we could share the word of the Lord with your people. We thankful for your grace and your mercy, for watching over us, for for caring for us, Lord, during these times of difficulty in the world. We ask you now for your presence with us as we open up your word and get into these wonderful mystery truths that you have revealed to us. We are so thankful, Father, for these things. And we give you all the praise and the glory and the honor. We thank you for the meetings thus far and that have blessed our souls. And we pray now, Lord, that as we would read the word that you would break it out to us, Lord, and uh feed us, Lord, from your divine holy throne. Father, we pray that you may bless the service now in Jesus precious name with much praise and thanksgiving. Amen. Amen. So without much ado, we want to get into um the same subject. Uh so the theme like we said was walking in the vision and we're dealing with the image and the likeness of God. So we want to like I said in the last uh uh service that we want to speak on restoring the image and the likeness of God. Having seen how it was lost, we are now going to get into how it is restored. So we want to show that the image that is restored is through Christ that is in the first coming and the likeness is restored through the bride that is in the second coming. So let's open up our Bibles or you can follow on the screens in Genesis 3 and verse 22 to verse 24. And the Lord God said, "Behold, the man is become as one of us to know good and evil, and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat and live forever." Therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden to till the ground from whence he was taken. So he drove out the man and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden cherubams and a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life. Amen. So just to revise in Genesis 1:26-27, God created man. That was created man. He was a spirit in the image of God and in the likeness. Remember that. Uh point number two, Genesis 2:18. When the woman was formed, man was now in the image of God and after the likeness. Why? Because they were two separate bodies and they were asked to be uh united in uh or rather become in harmony or one in flesh. Number three, the harmony between male and female perfectly resembled and reflected the father and the son. Subjection but equality. When Adam was alone, point number four, Genesis 2:7, he manifested more maleness, though he was male and female. When you looked at him, you could see the maleness of him. He looked male and the female part was a hidden mystery within him. Uh that's because that attribute was in perfect harmony and in subjection to him. In Genesis 21:18, point number five, the masculine and feminine natures of Adam's spirit were separated, but they were one flesh. She was born of his bone, flesh of his flesh. They were one in spirit only by a marriage union. Uh, point number six, it took death to separate the feminine from the masculine. Adam had to die for the woman to be formed. Remember the prophet said that in rising of the sun, God had to put Adam to sleep then take out that uh DNA from his side uh and and create or form the woman the the woman's body. So it took death to separate the feminine from the masculine. Amen. I know you can see the types already. Uh point number seven, sin broke the union of the spirit. Right? The woman's union with the serpent marred the union with her husband and that's what lost them dominion. Amen. Uh Adam's desire to follow his wife made them lose the nature of created man which means they lost the image of God. So what we're seeing is the woman caused the likeness to be marred and caused dominion to be gone and man the man uh uh lost the image lost the theophony when he chose to go the way that his wife had showed him and to disregard the will of God and that's when the image of God was lost. All right. So in Deuteronomy 4, this is point number eight. God's way to restore that image was by hearing his voice that is the word. Amen. So let's begin. This is where we last ended with those points just to revise. Through all this we realized that theophony can only be restored to man by hearing the voice of God. The criterion was always and has always been, he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit says. We can we can see that he says this throughout the church ages, right? He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit says. So God's first man failed and threw everything into chaos. Is that right? It had to take more than man to redeem mankind and take him back to his original status. Praise be to God. God saw in his mind that it had to take two comingings of the word to redeem man back to what was lost. Each coming had its own unique purpose. If we see what those purposes are, then we really see what it means to be living in the vision. Amen. So, let's get to the second Adam. Let's talk about the second Adam and and then take it from there and go through to the first coming. Now we know that Christ is called the second Adam. Can you see how this opens up a new dimension of thought that when you consider that the likeness or the image and the likeness of God was lost under the first Adam and now there is a second Adam. What are we saying? Why would he be called the second Adam? That's because the first Adam had lost everything. Now you you actually know this from Romans 5 because where the first Adam and lost everything, the second Adam must restore everything. That's the reason he is called the second Adam. Well, one of them. So there are several absolutely important reasons why Christ is called the second Adam. But we're just going to talk about one. One is because he's the only other man that came into the world by the same order as Adam. How so? Well, Adam was theophony first. He's the only man other than Christ. Every other man in this world is born by a woman and conceived through sexuality. Adam was theophony. In other words, he came from the logos from thought form. He became word. He was given a word body and then from word to flesh. Now, you know who is this? MelkiseDC. Brother said we came straight from thought form. We bypassed theophony and came into sinful flesh. Therefore, the whole plan is we must get back to theophony and then come back to glorified flesh for the millennium. Now, uh Adam, now watch this. The the the reason why the first Adam and second Adam are well, one of the reasons why Christ is called the second Adam. I mean really uh Adam should be called I mean if you if you make it in terms of importance, Christ of course is far more important than Adam. uh and and yet Christ is being called uh a term by a man who had fallen. It doesn't sound really right. But I mean Christ is called a son of David and so on. But so it's not about that. It's not about the importance. It's about how these men were prefigures of Christ that was to come. So Christ the second Adam, right? That's what we're speaking about. So Adam came from thought form. God saying let us make man from thought form. He came into word form which was theophony and then that was Genesis 1:26-27 and then from theophony Genesis 2:7 which was formed man flesh man so uh Christ now was first theophony John 1:1 in the beginning was the word so Christ of course was theophony long before Adam was theophony amen so John 1:1 Christ was theophony in the beginning was the word the word was with God. And then the second Adam was Theophony before the foundation of the world. Obviously, he was the logos. God forming himself into a celestial body that we identify as the word. It is a literal body of a dimension that we cannot see &gt;&gt; or touch being limited by dimensions of light, matter, and time. See, because we live in this world of light, matter and time, our our beings cannot uh perceive or cannot see or cannot touch another literal dimension called the seventh dimension or the sixth dimension. We cannot see it. We cannot uh uh absorb um anything through these senses by that unless he begins to reveal himself by it. So we are limited from seeing it, from touching it because we are limited by the three dimensions of light, matter and time. So notice for God to form himself into flesh to become the second Adam, he didn't have to say let us make man again. He didn't have to say let us make man because Christ was already theophony, right? He was the word. The logos was God himself being formed right into theophony. Now this theophony, he the logos was God himself now becoming formed man. Amen. That's what he's doing. So God was not creating another man here. He was forming Theophony, King Theophony into human flesh. But the mystery was this time through the womb of a woman and not from the dust of the ground like the first Adam was. Now let's be let's let's read John 1:1. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. Right? And Colossians 2:9 says, "For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily." Amen. Bodily. which means in that formed man. Now remember why are we using these these phrases because brother Madam said there is a difference between created man and formed man. He said created man was Adam in theophony formed man was Adam in flesh in the garden of Eden. So here now we have Christ born of a woman that's formed man and that formed man held within him the fullness of the godhead. Amen. &gt;&gt; Incredible. Amen. So, in other words, God himself became formed man &gt;&gt; in the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's go to John 1:14. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory. Can you see that? So by him coming becoming the word made flesh, we beheld. That means now because we are limited by light matter time, he became light matter time. So we could behold his glory. What does that mean? That we could see the image of God. Glory to God. The glory as of the only begotten of the father full of grace and truth. Had he not done that, we would not be able to see the image of God, hear the image of God, feel, touch um everything to to absorb the image of God. Now being in fallen flesh through Christ through the first coming, we can start to see the image of God being restored to mankind, coming back, coming closer. So Adam was born of the logos, but Christ the logos was begotten of the father. Amen. That's the difference between these two who became flesh. That's the difference between the first Adam and the second Adam. Now, Adam was born of the word, but Christ was born of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, as Genesis 1:26-27, of course, we know when we say Christ being born of the spirit means he was he came from the father. He he was the logos that were out of the fountain of life. Whereas Adam's theophony came out of King Theophony who was the word, born of the word, Christ born of the spirit. Now, as Genesis 1:26-27 gives the origin of the first Adam, John 1:1 gives the origin of the second Adam. Amen. So, what was the image of the second Adam? That's what we want to see. What was the image of the second Adam? It was God. It was deity. It was King Theophony. That was his image. the fountain of life, Elohim, the very image of God. And we have scriptures to back that up. Let's read them. 2 Corinthians 4 and verse4, if you're following on the screen, in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them who believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, Christ who is the image of God. Now, now we know that the man who was standing there 2,000 years ago, his shape and form had nothing to do with the image of God. How how do we know this? Because when the Pharisees spoke to him, they said to him, you know, you you don't look more than 50 years old. How could you say you knew Abraham, Moses, and so on? Which means they were looking at a form which clearly was a man, the form of a man. It was not the image of God. that that uh uh uh person that was standing there in flesh that flesh person was not the image of God. But here the scripture is saying Christ who is the image of God. So speaking of his nature, his character, the image of God was the person inside &gt;&gt; that was veiled by the flesh. Amen. So who is the image of God should shine unto them. If you read Colossians 1 and:15, it says, "Who is the image of the invisible God?" Glory to God. I like that scripture because an invisible God has no image, no physical or image in a worldly sense. Has no form, has no uh uh shape, uh and invisible, a spirit, uh the the fountain of life. He has no form that people uh can draw or and to the discredit all the painters and artists of the world who keep trying to draw the father, they're doing the human race a great discredit by planting false images in their mind and causing them to serve God as an idol. It should never be done. So God is not some old white man with a beard giant size sitting on a throne in the universe somewhere and then the son a small little second person nearby on a lesser throne. That's carnality. That is a figment of people's imagination. That is not at all what the scriptures teach us. And if you are seeing the open book today, you should never be even praying with your eyes shut dreaming about that kind of God and his son in heaven. That is absolute Catholic doctrine. It is absolutely false. Catholic and all other denominations absolutely false. If you are starting to live in this vision, you know God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Let's read Hebrews chapter 1 verse 1-3. God who atre times and in diverse manners spake in time in times past unto the fathers by the prophets hath in these last days spoken unto us spoken unto us. Amen. What's that voice spoken unto us by his son whom he hath appointed heir of all things by whom he also made by whom also he made the worlds. That's again telling us that the son the word made the worlds. He was the creator. Think of that not even the spirit form of God did the creation. God had to become something visible and that visible person made everything that is. Glory to God. Who being verse three who being the brightness of his glory that is the expression of his nature and it it says the express image of his person. The expressed image the manifested image of his person. In other words, the spirit, the divine nature, the attributes of God were all made known, made visible through the word, through the son, the express image of his person. So, who was the image of um the second Adam? It was God himself, &gt;&gt; right? Adam's image, Genesis 2:7, Adam had the image of the word which came from the logos and which we all have a piece of. But this second Adam was the express image of the person of God himself. There's the difference between the first Adam and the second Adam. Why? You can see that this second Adam is worthy to bring back the image of God to mankind. Notice the father created the worlds by the son. The word the son was the express image of the person of the father. What is image referring to here? the spirit in Christ, not the flesh. The spirit, God is a spirit, not flesh. Amen. So John 3:6 says, "That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the spirit is spirit." Glory to God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh. That which is born of the spirit is spirit. So we are born of the flesh only. That is why we now you know the word born means actually means you know when we think about being born we think of a baby being delivered from his mother's womb and we think about coming into this flesh and so on but born is a word that actually refle reflects origin where you come from. So born of a material where you come from where your origins are. So it's more like if you if you were born of the spirit then that's who you are. You are that spirit. If you're born of the flesh then you are of the flesh. So if you are born of the spirit it means that's the nature and the character that you actually have because that which is born of the spirit is spirit. Amen. So we were born of the flesh only and that is the reason we needed to be born again of the spirit. That's the whole reason for the Christian principle of being born again so that we can start to see the word. Now, so if you come to the new birth, like our brother was saying uh the other day, if you are born of the spirit, uh if you are born again, that new birth, what does it do for you? Amen. This is what's beautiful about it. A lot of people don't realize what the new birth does. You know the prophet says the new birth I think it's in Christ the mystery of God revealed. He says the new birth is Christ revealed to you personally. Now a lot of people don't realize what the new birth is. They think it's you know coming to live a new life and and uh being converted to Christianity and living clean and holy and so on. Here's the reality of the new birth. If you are born of the spirit, if you are reborn um the new birth of the spirit, it adds a dimension to your dimensions. So you are light, matter, and time. But when you are born of the spirit, now you start to see the word because prior to that, you couldn't see the word. You'd read the message, you'd read the Bible, and you wouldn't see a thing. It'd be like looking at a piece of plywood. Uh you wouldn't understand anything. You'd you'd misinterpret anything. You'd become a dictator of uh countries believing in the Bible. Um you'd kill thousands of people thinking you're doing something right. It's because you're still reading the holy scriptures by late metitime dimensions. But when you receive the new birth, it adds another dimension to you. It literally adds another dimension to you. That's what it does. And that's what we really mean by being born again. So when you add that other dimension, praise be to God, you are no longer limited by light, matter, and time. When you were born again of the open book, Christ revealed to you personally, it adds a dimension that now makes you see the word where previously you wouldn't have been able to see the word. Glory to God. Psalm 51:5 says, "Behold, I was shapen in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me." So even the body of Christ was conceived because Mary's body was overshadowed by the Holy Ghost. So we were conceived in sin. He was not conceived in sin. He was conceived of the Holy Ghost. You can read that Matthew 1:18. You all know this. Now the birth of Christ was on this wise when as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So when the second Adam was formed, his body was subject to aging but sin was subject to him. If you look at how we are, our our bodies were subject to sin, right? Subject to aging, subject to sin. But here sin was subject to him with the second Adam. He had dominion over sin, over the body of the flesh. He was above everything that concerns man. The Bible says he was tested on every point of man. Even death was subjected to him. Death was in subjection to him because death couldn't hold him down. Glory to God. Look at the first Adam. Let's compare them. Animals were brought to him to see what he would call them. Call them doesn't mean Adam stood there saying you are lion, you are elephant, you are deer, you are this, you are that. No, he wasn't naming them names as in giving those names like lion only came years later when Latin came in and English came in. Uh that wasn't what Adam called them. So Adam calling them by name means he was placing them in their order for the earth to function properly. In other words, the names he was calling them was uh giving them their characters like you shall be this kind of eater. You will eat this much. You will you will eat this much of this kind of vegetation. You will eat that much of that kind of vegetation. You will bring forth children in 2 years. You will bring forth children every month. He that was what the name he was giving them. Now this is important to understand. A lot of people thought he just called them lion, cat, dog, this, that. That's wrong. The name of something is the character of something is uh is the reputation of something. It's it's uh um the entire uh nature that the the thing should have. So he was looking at the animal and literally putting into them he was the god of the world. He was the god of the earth at the time. He was telling them this is how in other words if he didn't do that imagine if you had elephants having babies every 9 months like humans. I mean those fellas will eat the whole planet's vegetation. They have to have children after 2 years. And that was designed. That's why he called them. It's important to know that, right? So he identified them and he called them by name. Whereas the second Adam had people brought to him. He identified them. He discerned their hearts &gt;&gt; and he called them by name. even discerning the very intent of their hearts to be able to place them in the kingdom. Right? So he was placing them in a spiritual kingdom where Adam was placing animals in creation in a natural kingdom. That's the difference between the first Adam and second Adam. So you can see the one was very much pertaining to the flesh and the second Adam was very much pertaining to the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; Now at that point the second Adam the bride was still in him. Amen. You can find in COD page 1108, brother Brandon actually says that Jesus had both male and female in him. Now you know the all the other quotes how that he says uh you were in him when he went to the cross. You have another one where he says someday you'll find out that you died for your own sins because you died in him. you were resurrected in him or or rather uh um he says at the cross when water blood and spirit uh poured out it was the birth of the church and that was the point that we're speaking about right so he had in him Christ had in him male and female you know I think there's another place where they asked uh the prophet a question about why did Christ have long hair and of course I'm not going to get into that but a kind of answer he gave them was that well he still had the bride in him he still had the church in him. Glory to God. So he had the harmony of both the attributes. Christ now just like Adam in Genesis 2:7, Adam had both male and female inside him. So did Christ have both male and female inside him. He had the harmony of both the attributes. So the likeness of God in perfection, the dominion. Therefore, even the tempter could come to him and tell him whatever and he would say, "Get thee behind me, Satan." Uh, he had perfect dominion over all dimensions. When he came to the maniac of Gdara, he stood on the shore and the uh this man full of demons rammed him. And the demons said, "The demons identified him. Excuse me. They knew who he was. Why you come to torment us before our time?" as if those demons actually knew or those devils rather knew uh um when their time was and uh so they said to him why are you here to torment us before our time. Right? So when this um or this harmony of having both attributes produced uh dominion over all dimensions. Amen. Now uh just like the first Adam had before the woman was taken out of him. Now we find this harmony between father and son. Let's read John 5:19-26. So this harmony between the spirit and the word. Now a good exercise for you uh when you read your Bible, I would encourage you to look away from that trinitarian sort of uh um understanding of the scriptures. You should rather do this. When you read the scriptures and when you read like John 5:19 and you say and you read wherever you see the word son, slot in the word. Wherever you see the word father, slot in the spirit. And then you start to see a whole new picture. It says, "Then Jesus answered and said unto them, verily, verily, I say unto you, the son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the father do." So you can you can take that and slot it in. The word can do nothing of itself, but what he seeth the spirit do. &gt;&gt; For what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the son likewise. So I'm not going to do that now, but you can do that and you see something completely different to a sort of trinity godhead kind of thing. You start to understand more of the nature of God. So watch the harmony. What what the scripture is basically telling us is that the word does not create anything without having being led of the spirit. He doesn't do anything of himself what he seeth the father. That means the word is not like a loose cannon like a wild uh uh um a power that just moves off doing whatever it does without design, without purpose, without direction. The direction of the word is the spirit in the word. That's what the scripture is telling us. For the father loveth the son. That doesn't mean the big old old white man with the beard father says, "Oh Jesus, I really love you." You know, that kind of trinitarian nonsense. The father loveth the son. What does it mean? Love. Love is is an English word we use. But what does this really mean? What does love really mean? The father loveth the son. It's a it's a a far bigger revelation than just loving someone. as in hugs and kisses and embraces and kind words. That's not the the the the relationship between father and son. People of God, we really need to open our eyes to this dimension and see what it really means. The father loveth the son. It means they are in union. They cannot be apart. &gt;&gt; They cannot be torn apart. It means these two attributes uh uh work together, exist together, loveth the son. They exist together and showed him all things that he himself doeth and he will show him greater works than these that you might marvel. Verse 21, for as the father raisth up the dead and quickenth them, even so the son quickenth whom he will. That's telling us that the word is able to be directed and see what is going on and he can quicken things to life. For the father judgeth no man but hath committed all judgment unto the son. So that love that you see between that harmony between father and son uh shows a direction of the spirit to the word. The spirit directs the word. The word when it produces when create is directed by a divine nature. Nothing is wrong. Nothing is in error. Nothing is out of bounds. Verse 23. That all men should honor the word the son even as they honor the father. The spirit or the nature. He that honorth the the son honorth. He that honorth not the son honorth not the father which hath sent him. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on me, on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life. Verse 25, verily, verily, I say unto you, the hour is coming, and now is when the dead shall hear the voice of the son of God. Amen. The hour is coming, and now is when the dead shall hear the voice of the son of God. What's happening? the dead. Those We're not just talking about those who are dead uh um in the fifth dimension, who are trapped in the fifth dimension. We're talking about those who are walking around unable to see, unable to be acquainted with the great image of God. Now, they're going to hear. Amen. And they that hear shall live. &gt;&gt; Verse 26. For as the father hath life, as the divine nature, the spirit, has life in itself, so hath he given to the son to have life in himself. What does that mean? That means the ability to quicken things to life. Glory to God. That is the reason why if the word has the ability to quicken to life. See, we're not just saying Jesus Christ of 2,000 years ago had the ability to quicken things to life. So people must wait for him to come again in a second coming, a literal corporal coming, then he will quicken things to life. No. Who is his person? His person is the word. And wherever the word is heard, it quickens to life. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. As the father, as the divine nature had life in itself, so has the word to uh life in himself to be able to quicken. Let's go to John 10:27 to30. My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me and I give unto them eternal life and they shall never perish neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. My father which gave them me is greater than all and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. Watch this. I and my father are one. The word and the spirit are one. Now you can you can understand why the prophet says not one like your finger. That's because one like your finger is limited by late matter time understanding. Do you see that? But when you see it with the word you are seeing the word and the divine nature are in union. They are they of the same material. They are the same makeup. They are in perfect agreement. They are not two things. Uh they are not two things at all. They are two attributes in perfect harmony making a whole new creation, a whole new thing that is made visible. Amen. I hope you can see that. John 14:5-10. Thomas said unto him, Lord, we know not whether thou goest. That means we don't know where you're going. How can we know the way? So, he's talking about the way to the father. Jesus said unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me. What's that saying? No man can receive the divine nature of God. No man can receive the image of God without me, without the word. &gt;&gt; I am the way. I am the way to the father. I am the way to the divine nature. I am the way to theophony. I am the way to your image. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. The image of God. &gt;&gt; If you had known me, if you had known the word, you would know my father also. If you if you have the word revealed to you, you will see the image of God. You will receive the image of God. And from henceforth, you know him and have seen him. Philip said unto him, Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us. Jesus said unto him, Have I been so long with you, and yet thou hast not known me, Philillip? He that hath seen me hath seen the Father. And how sayest thou then, show us the Father? Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? The words that I speak unto you, I speak not of myself, but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. Now, here's something important. Not here in my notes, but just to tell you, a lot of people look at this. This is one of the most pivotal point of all scripture. I am in the father and the father in me. It's important because this leads to John 14:20 which says uh at that day you shall know I am in the father and I in you and you in me and so on. But this is what's important. Any person can understand the father in Christ, right? I am in the uh uh and the the father in me because when Christ stood there everybody understands it was God in Christ but he says I am in the father. So for example, if if you look at anything in life, for example, a glass of water and you take water and pour it into into a glass, you understand the glass or the water in the glass. But can you understand the glass in the water? How can the water be in the glass and the glass be in the water? That doesn't exist in this world. In like matter time, you don't understand that. We don't understand that. We cannot fathom that. Christ says his unity, the word, the unity of the word and the spirit is the word is in the spirit and the spirit is in the word. That's the unity. And if you read John 14:20, he says that must come to us. &gt;&gt; I am in you and you in me. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. And that's a subject for a completely different time. May the Lord bless that. Amen. You can have a look at that yourself. But the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. Glory to God. So let's look at the way to the father. So Christ came in the flesh. Now we're talking about how the image is restored, right? In the image of flesh to show us the way to the father or how to restore the image or the nature of God back to man. Why are we speaking of this? Because we are not trying in this day to restore the image back. We we want to know about us walking in the vision. The vision has begun to unfold itself for 2,000 years now. The plan of redemption. And which part of the vision are you walking in? So, we're not here to to come and restore the the image of nature. We don't have to to bring in uh some fantastical word or something. The word has been given. The word has come. The word came from uh from glory was formed in flesh and begin to unfold himself over seven church ages. The image and nature of God has come back to man has made a way. John 14:6 Jesus said unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me. We just read that. Let's read question and answers on Genesis page 21 paragraph 61. Now, the first man, now he made the first man in his image, and we're returning back to that image. That's right. To our first created image. Glory to God. Amen. See, I didn't make this up, right? We're returning back to that image. What image? The image that man was first created in. Then Jesus says, "I go to prepare a place for you." What is that? In my father's house are many &gt;&gt; theophanies. I go to prepare one for you. The first coming puts us back in touch with our theophanes. In other words, what did Christ what did the first coming do? He opened the death, burial and resurrection of Christ. Opened up the doorway. It released the hold of death so that even now if you should die, you do not go into a fifth dimension. You are immediately in the sixth dimension because Christ has opened up that he's taken the keys of death, hell, and the grave away from the enemy. So that death is now an open door into the sixth dimension for those who wait. Now here's the thing. In my father's house are many theophonies. I go to prepare one for you. The first coming puts us back in touch with our theophonies. If you die here, you go into your theophony that is waiting. If uh uh if you are translated, you are in in in the transfiguration, you are transfigured and translated into theophony. Transfigured into theophony, translated into seventh dimension. But then the church must become bone of his bones and flesh of his flesh. Right? So he he said Christ said, "I'm going to prepare a place for you." That means I'm going to go and make it possible for you now to to begin to receive your theophony and I'm going to send the Holy Spirit and he's going to be my voice. If you hear his voice, if you believe his voice, he will bring you peace. Peace is harmony. He will bring you that peace, that harmony between the flesh and the spirit. He will bring you the new birth. He will teach you all things concerning me. Right? And then what happens is you must become one flesh. So it starts off becoming one flesh and moving towards one spirit. Right? So what is bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh in the terms of the second Adam. So here's what happened. What is the entire church ages mystery about? It is about God raising up a feminine body in the image of the second Adam. That's what the church age mystery is about. What is it about putting virtues in them? Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience. It is putting the virtues, the natures, the divine natures back into man. It is producing the fleshly nature of Christ, the fleshly nature of Christ, putting that into the gentile church, building up the feminine body to stand in the end time when the two should be united. So his purpose was to show the image of God to the church so that she could become the same material. So again, you know, when you when you rewind to Genesis 2 and when Adam stood before his wife and said, "You are now bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh, you shall be called woman because you came out of man." I guarantee you that's not what he said physically to her. Just as how he called the names of animals, telling them what their purpose is, those words encapsulated in English, Adam was revealing his image to her, revealing to her this new body, what her purpose is, what the word of God is, what is the mystery, what the direction, what the vision is. He was re he was revealing that to her. He wasn't telling her those English words, you are born of my bone, flesh of my flesh. You know what kind of first words are that to to a man's wife anyway? Who's going to say that? I know that's humorous, but that's you've got to see beyond that. Adam like he imagine he called the names of the elephants and and and and spoke so much of beautiful things to them, placing them in ecological system, telling them which trees they could eat of uh when they should bring forth the next child and so on. Imagine he he he tells them this this magnificent story of their life. And here to his wife, he just tells you, "You're bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh." Obviously, there's more to that. There's more revelation. When when she was resurrected and faced him, he began to call her name. He began to tell her, "This is where you come from. This is who you are. This is your makeup. This is your design. This is your purpose." It must have been wonderful communion and fellowship. So, that's what I'm saying. So here when Christ resurrects the church when he's building up the body of the church to the church ages, he's calling her names. He's calling the names. He's placing them in their orders. He's telling them what their purposes for each age. The Holy Ghost began to tell them under the lion anointing. See that? Calling the name, the lion anointing, the ox anointing, the man anointing, the eagle anointing, giving them their their gifts, their abilities, telling them what their purpose and direction should be to do what? to eventually give them the ability to now accept the oneness, the likeness of God. &gt;&gt; So what did he do? He sent the Holy Ghost to give abilities to the church to believe the word for their day and that image uh could so that that image could be built up or or give the church ability to believe the word for their day and that image could be built up into mankind to receive theophony. Glory to God. So we have to first conform to the life of the Lord Jesus Christ by believing holy in the word for our day. Then when he sees um when the church sees that he gives us the holy ghost whereby we can hear the word for our day and allow our spirits to be changed by the word. The body of a man is controlled by his own spirit. His spirit is subject, our spirits are subject to uh fear and unbelief influences around us. What your teachers tell you, what your parents tell you, what your friends tell you, your spirit is is really subject to that. It's controlled by that. It falls under those influences. So when our spirits are changed into the word, then our spirits lose fear and doubt and our spirits begin to have dominion over other influences. You find yourself not being able to be indoctrinated anymore, not being able to be deceived by things anymore because the word has taken over the spirit. The image of God has started to come into the spirit. It is being restored. Saints, young people, this is the reason why you need to get as much of the word as possible. If I could say in my days as a teenager, things were a lot easier in that I could take time to get to know the word. But I'm telling you young people today, unfortunately, you don't have much time. You can't say to yourself, well, I've got five more years of teenage years to to take as much time as I want. The amount of influences there are that are u coming at you as compared to two services of two church meetings a week is is not enough to balance this. Uh when I was a teenager, we had so many church services a week. Uh and we we were were living in the word every single day of our lives. There was no internet, no cell phones, no social media. Uh friends had to walk to come and visit you. You know, the amount of influences there are today are way more than what we have in terms of the word and in terms of the church, which is the reason why you need to offset that. You need to have so much more of the word and so much or rather much less of the influences of his world for you to attain and receive the image of God in you. Our spirits become holy when our body starts to come under control of our spirit u uh of the Holy Spirit thus making our bodies become holy. So when our spirits become holy then it starts to make the bodies become holy. Right? People try to do it the other way. They try to get their bodies to be holy first when the spirit has not been made holy. You have to receive the image. If you receive the image in the spirit, then the body will start to manifest. You cannot do it the other way around. So we must have his image restored. In John 15:18-27, it says, "If the world hate you, you know that it hated me before it hated you. If you were of the world, but I have chose uh if you were of the world, the world would love his own. But because you are not of the world, that's a that's a great comfort. But I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you. Remember the word that I said unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you. If they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also. But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me. If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not sinned. But now they have no cloak for their sin. Cloak means covering because I've exposed it. He that hateth me hateth my father also. If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin. But now have they both seen and hated both me and my father. Which means the people of this world are going to uh uh reject the word and by doing so reject the divine nature of God. They are going to spiral into the terrible terrible natures that we are actually seeing manifested in the world's politics and celebrities and so on of this world today. and it's seeping down into all of mankind throughout the earth uh due to internet, social media, and all the ways that man is connected. Verse 26 or verse 25. But this come to pass that the word uh this cometh to pass that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law. They hated me without a cause. But when the comforter, the Holy Ghost is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedth from the Father, he shall testify of me, and you shall also bear witness because you have been with me from the beginning. So he says to the church, now it's your time. You are going to witness the revelation of the image. See the image of the father is being expressed to you through the holy spirit that I am sending out to you. Now you are going to be the expression of the same image. And of course they were receiving it in measures. Now we move to the second part of this the restoration of the likeness. Okay you understand that the image was restored through Christ in the first coming. Now you need to understand what the the purpose of the second coming is. Right? we the whole world is waiting for a literal corporal coming of Christ. What purpose is there in that? And of course they mistake what that means. This isn't the coming with uh um with the saints for for the millennium, right? This is the coming where he must the purpose of the second coming. The purpose of the second coming under the seventh seal in the third pool ministry is for the bride. It's a secret coming. It's to restore the likeness. There's a purpose to it. That's not just uh coming to show the world, hey, you were all wrong. Christians were right. Christ is the real God of the C. That's that's all carnality. That's not the purpose. Christ doesn't just have comeings for no reason. The reason is the image has been fully restored. Right? The word, the divine nature has been taught over 2,000 years. It has been fully expressed by the church uh through the holy ghost rather by the holy ghost through the church fully expressed brought a body up in the end time. It is now time for the harmony to come back together. It is now time for the two to become one &gt;&gt; the likeness to be restored. So that's where we are right now. So remember what is image? Absolute expression of the nature Christ. What is the likeness? absolute resemblance what God looks like. That means uh you know this is an important thing to realize when Christ came in the first coming you all agree you all believe the Lord Jesus Christ was God himself in flesh. &gt;&gt; Yes. Isn't it amazing? You know, God himself in flesh stood on earth 2,000 years ago or more, and only 11 recognized him for who he was. I mean, it's God. It's the word made flesh. It's the son. &gt;&gt; He's standing there. I mean, couldn't he have been more convincing? Couldn't he have been uh uh I mean, if he stood there, why couldn't the world recognize him? I mean, you're talking about God himself. For 4,000 years, men were searching for him. He sent scriptures to them. He gave them the law. And there he's standing there and nobody's recognizing him. And what's with that? &gt;&gt; Why is that? &gt;&gt; Because they cannot see him as God because his likeness is not restored yet. You'll see after the seventh trumpet after the seventh trumpet it says now are the kingdoms of this earth become the kingdoms of the Lord and his Christ. That means even when he stood there in the first coming the earth was not yet his dominion was not yet his enemy came to him and said bow onto me and I'll give you all this. Which means the dominion of earth while the first coming was on was still in the hands of the enemy. Remember, the inheritance passed into the filthy hands of Satan. And the whole point of the second Adam is to get the bride to take back the inheritance. So the kingdoms of the of the earth, the world are not even God's yet. They don't even it doesn't even belong to the Lord yet. It's it's only going to take place after the fulfillment of the seven trumpet. Now after the seven the the fulfillment of the seventh trumpet in Revelations 11 from verse 14 to 19 it tells us now are the kingdoms of the world become the kingdoms of the Lord and his Christ. Right? So that's telling us that the the earth the millennium can only take place once the likeness has been restored. That is Christ and the bride going back to Eden. Okay. So the first man, Theophony, he was made spirit. Genesis 1:26-27, Genesis 51 and:e 2, he was in the image and in the likeness in the day that they were created. But the second man glorified, he was flesh in Genesis 2:7. He was like Colossians 2:9. He was in the image and in the likeness. Then when the woman was created, you had now man and woman in separate bodies, separated in spirit but one flesh. That means they were the same material. One flesh but separated in spiritual nature. That means they were in the image but after the likeness. Now what we're going to show you is that that is a problem. Being after the likeness is a problem. And that was the biggest problem and it still is the biggest problem. So God wants to restore us back to being in the image and in the likeness, right? That will be the millennium condition. Now we know that the image has been restored through Christ. He brought the word back to us by the new birth. We are able to become the word. However, his likeness without us cannot be made perfect. Amen. his likeness, the likeness of God. Without us, Christ cannot be made perfect standing there 2,000 years ago. He needed the bride to come into perfect harmony with him here in flesh. Now, in Adam, the woman could not be seen in Genesis 2:7 until she was he was put to sleep and the woman was taken out. In Christ, the church could not be seen until after Calvary. You read 1 Corinthians 1 Corinthians 11:1-4. Would to God you could bear with me a little in my folly and indeed bear with me for I am jealous over you with a godly jealousy. For I have espoused you to one husband that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ. But I fear lest by any means as the spirit beguiled Eve through his satility, so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus whom we have not preached, or if you receive another spirit which you have not received, or another gospel which you have not accepted, you might well bear with him. See, Paul is saying, "I'm afraid that if you receive something or hear some preaching that we have not preached or another spirit that we have not received, then you might uh bear with him means you might continue to listen to him and you might go on with him." Paul is saying, "I am jealous over you. Protective, watchful, careful. I get upset. I feel offended when you even consider anything else but what I preach to you." This is quite a confession of a preacher, right? I am jealous over you. Now, this is of course is godly jealousy. Earthly jealousy is not of God. You find here, we even see it in in God when he spoke to the the Hebrews. Exodus 20:5 says, "Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them, for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me." Exodus 34:14 says, "For thou shalt worship no other god, for the Lord whose name is jealous, is a jealous God." In other words, at this time, his name, God's name is not jealous. What does that mean? It means he's telling us he's got a character that is possessive over what is his. Deuteronomy 4:24, for the Lord thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God. All right. So this expressed in our language, the deep hurt mixed with anger is what God feels about idolatry. It is spiritual adultery. Right? Paul sensed this and compares God's jealousy to marital jealousy where Paul uses the word espouse. I've espoused you. That means betrothed or engaged or promised to be married. Right? And then he says, "As a chasteed virgin," meaning pure, undefiled, virtuous, untouched. Verse three shows that Paul was aware that a deception was coming that would cause the church to stumble into spiritual adultery. Verse four shows us that Paul was fearful of them receiving, I want you to get this, another spirit through preaching. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why? because his spirit, his image was supposed to be transferred to us through the preaching of the word. But Paul was afraid that another spirit was going to come in through preaching and that if the people or the church received it, they would go into error. And that is exactly what happened. So Paul wanted to keep their spirits right. It must have really depressed him. I think the historians actually tell us that Paul was the the depressed apostle. It must have really depressed him when he began to see the false doctrines coming in and people adearing to them. So the church was becoming one flesh. Now I want I want you to understand what one flesh means. The church was becoming one flesh with Christ after Calvary and the the Holy Ghost. How? So what did it mean they were one flesh? The Holy Ghost gave power to the flesh to be like Christ. Just think about this. prior to uh you know there's a lot of things when you think about the world today as compared to the days of Moses. If you look at uh this is one of the most glorious days if you if you look at the entire world right now the entire globe you can go to any continent and you've got preachers of this message who are the greatest teachers that have ever lived since the beginning of man. Moses the great man was not a teacher. He didn't teach a thing. He just went into the shikina of glory. He came out and said exactly what God said to him. If people asked him, "Well, Moses, how do you interpret this?" Says, "Uh, I don't know. Let me go ask God." And then he goes back in the presence, he comes out with an answer. Today, you've got teachers. You've got men. For the first time in in in the history of mankind, you've got people teaching the gospel. Listen, let me put it to you this way. teachers of this message have taught more of the word than even the Lord Jesus Christ did in his three and a half years. &gt;&gt; Think of that. We've preached more messages. We've done more teaching. We've done more explaining of the word. We've done more answering questions than any Bible character that ever lived. &gt;&gt; You have to see that as as huge, magnificent, amazing, right? How did this happen? Because the Holy Ghost gave ability to flesh that did not have that ability previously. I don't think you even you even realize how bad it was. Um, if you just go 2,000 years ago, the the the mentality of man just 2,000 years ago, not even 2,000 years ago, if you go in your own countries, if you just go 500 years back, men and women could not even have a conversation because that's how limited their reasoning mentality was. Today, we can sit down at coffee shops, have conversations. When we talk about the word, we could go on for hours. Can you imagine even in the days of Luther Wesley, that's the time when it started coming in. But can you imagine way back in the time of Moses uh him and his wife standing there talking about the law that was just given, expounding it out to one another, typing it with this and that, fellowshipping over it, getting so uh uh joyful about the the wisdom behind it. That never happened. They never had such abilities. Man did not possess abilities like that. Moreover, there was no abilities of healing, prophesying, speaking with tongues. None of those things. Of course, in the Old Testament, they were blessed with with um miracles where God was doing things. They called for things, things began to happen. That was a great time. But personally their flesh had no ability because the Holy Ghost was not yet given and that is scripture. So the Holy Ghost gave power to the flesh to be like Christ. That means the same works Christ did simple normal unworthy human beings were now doing. They were healing people, prophesying, speaking with tongues, telling people what's going to happen in the future, advising kings and dignitaries. It was incredible what this new church was doing. They were becoming one flesh, right? Doing signs and wonders in greater magnitudes than that Christ did in that three and a half year period. Here we are seeing the church becoming one flesh with Christ by the acts of the Holy Ghost. Same actions, same works as Christ. Now what's the difference between being one flesh and one spirit? When he sent the Holy Ghost, they were so one with him, right? In harmony, the upper room, down came the Holy Ghost. They were unity of spirit and uh uh one one in spirit and brought the one in flesh, right? They were getting so close to a marriage getting ready uh to receive the depth of the word. end when like Eve the enemy began to creep in with an interpretation of the word that was not entirely true. Why did it happen? Because instead of wanting more of the unity of the spirit with Christ, the gentile church be became just so satisfied with the unity of the flesh. They began to lust after the Holy Ghost. They wanted more power. They wanted more healings. They wanted more miracles. They wanted more gifts, more abilities. And they were fascinated with the oneness of the flesh. But being after the likeness is not good enough to beat sin. All right? Being in the likeness, that's real perfection. After the likeness, what did that cause again? The church lay with the beast. Like in Eden, the church lay with the beast of Rome. And what did that produce? She fell at the council of Nika by accepting another spirit. Being after the likeness leaves opportunity for accepting another spiritual headship. In other words, these two shall be one flesh is not good enough. But one spirit, that's the perfection God seeks. Romans 8:13-14, you know these scriptures. For if you live by after the flesh, you shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Being one in the flesh, saints, puts us in danger of bringing the law upon us. Just think about that. The more gifts given to the church, the more prophecies, healings, miracles, the more law has to be given to control those things. And the more control brings corruption because the mighty begin to take control and those of the leoty begin to be ruled. It goes back to uh to corruption again. So being one in flesh puts us in danger of bringing the law. This is the reason Christ came to magnify the law so that no one could live by it. You know what I mean? When he said uh I Moses said unto you, thou shalt not kill. I say unto you, if you if you are angry with your brother without a cause, you have killed already. That's like the Pharisees saying, well, we keep the law of Moses, we didn't kill. Christ is saying you you thought of it. The fact that you thought of it shows your spirit is not right means you did it. In other words, what Christ was doing was making the law so big, so unmanageable, so difficult to attain perfection by the law that you need grace. &gt;&gt; That's the reason you need grace because he did You took past the flesh, went into the spirit realm and says, "If you say you have not committed adultery, but you lusted after someone, you're guilty as if you did the act, therefore, you need grace." &gt;&gt; Because anyone can claim to have not done it in the flesh, but to have thought about it. Well, of course, everyone will say, "We've thought about it." So, that's why we're going to need grace. So, he had to make the law magnified. Too large. Magnified means to make larger. He didn't do away with it. He made it larger so that people would have to have grace to attain perfection. So it is very difficult for the female nature to keep the law unless her husband is present with her. Especially if the law is magnified. I mean it it's worse. You'll have to have the husband with you. You'll have to be present with her just like Eve. So Eve. So there there are times in the early church where a leader who had the Holy Ghost or was not present and if he was not present it was as good as Christ not being present leaving the church at the mercy of any deceiver that came in. But this was always going to be the test whether or not the church would be able to stand the word test. At these times in the church when the Holy Ghost was not present, the church dominated, taking the law of a creed or a dogma, binding herself under a false headship. These uh subtly false or subtle false teachings only satisfied one's conscience by doing certain works and rituals to obtain full salvation. Right? So this is a real problem because the church was lusting after the gifts of the Holy Ghost rather than wanting the revelation of the word. Romans 6:1-14. What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? God forbid. How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein? Know you not that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death? Therefore, we are buried with him by baptism into death. that like as Christ was risen up or raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so also should we walk in newness of life. For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also be in the likeness of his resurrection. Knowing this that our old man is crucified with him that the body of sin might be destroyed. Now watch that. our old man uh is crucified with him that the body of sin might be destroyed. That henceforth we should not serve sin. For he that is dead is freed from sin. Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him. Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more, death had no more dominion over him. For in that he died, he died unto sin once, but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God. Likewise reckon you also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord. Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in the lust thereof. That means don't succumb to the mortal body. Right? He's what what Paul is teaching us here is we need to come to the perfection of the spirit. Verse 13, neither yield you your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin, but yield yourselves unto God as those that are alive from the dead, and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God. For sin shall not have dominion over you. For you are not under the law, but under grace. See, this is the problem we have with people today in the message. You've taken the message and made it another law. And it's really like Christ said to the Pharisees, a burden too much for the people to bear that those who create the law and make it even bigger in the message don't even follow it themselves. You're not under law but under grace. So that sin could not have dominion over us. Listen, if you follow the teaching in Romans, it tells you the greater you make the law and force the people to live by the law, you're asking them to be one flesh. And one flesh again is going to lead to problems. Which is why message churches all over the world are starting to have all these problems coming back in. infidelities, adulteries, fornications, whole a whole lot of problems coming back in misunderstandings. Like the simple things that pertain to the flesh are are are causing the people to become uh u dejected and deceived and and causing them to to fall fall away and faint in their faith. Why? because you're pushing law instead of what is true, what is right, what is the vision. See, if you push law, sin is going to take control again. You're not going to have dominion over sin. This scripture shows us that living by the flesh, trying to find the likeness after the flesh, in other words, after the likeness is only going to fail. We are going to fail by the law time and time again. Any message church who runs itself by the law is going to fail. And how are you going to fail? You're going to spiritually lie with the beast again. You're going to bring in a political spirit that's going to join church and state. And what's going to happen is you're going to fall into false doctrine. The only way out is to accept the way of Christ. Let the way of the flesh die. &gt;&gt; Amen. Come to the unity of the spirit. Get into the word. Get into the third pole. Get into the real depths of the message. Find the the unity of the spirit. Find the true likeness, the likeness, the two attributes becoming one. Get into the third pole, the soul realm. Glory to God. Romans 7:7 to11. You know this scripture very well. What shall we say then? Is the law sin? God forbid. No. We're not saying the standards of the message are wrong. We're not saying don't do this and don't. Absolutely not. Those things must happen. But you don't force those things to happen. Right? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin but by the law. That means the law told me what was wrong. I came to the knowledge of what was wrong because the law made it evident to me. For I had not known lust except the law had said, "Thou shalt not coveret." But sin took occasion by the commandment, right? Wrought in me all manner of concupisence. That means uh sin took advantage because of the law that was now made known to me. And now that I know how wrong the thing is, more terrible thoughts begin to come inside. So that now I feel more leaning to want to do something. For without the law, sin was dead. That means unbelief was dead. But for for I was alive without the law once. Without knowing what was wrong, I went ahead doing things. I was free. I didn't think about if I do this, they're going to say something. If I do this, I'm I'm going to be persecuted. I'm not going to make it in the rapture. I'm not I didn't even have those thoughts. I was such a free, loving, carefree person, right? Without knowing the standards of the of the of the word. But when the commandment came, sin revived. It made me a more caged person and I died. And the commandment which was ordained to life, that means the things that were taught in Cood that was supposed to bring life to us, supposed to make life better, I found making my life so much worse. The the dos and don'ts of the message that was supposed to make us happy and make marriages better and make parenting better and make brotherhood better in the church began to make things worse. &gt;&gt; Why? Because sin took occasion by the commandment. Why? Because we thought that was the vision. We thought we should be controlling the church so that you know make sure you marry this one that one we don't think you should I don't care if you fall in love with that one. This was not what somebody's else's dream told us. You must and what are you doing you by someone else's dream you put two people together who don't even love each other. And what do you expect when two people don't love each other? A bad marriage. Of course, things like that have been happening because people were taking the standards of the message and pushing that as the commandment and trying to make people and force people to find a oneness after the likeness. And that is going to lead to problems. That is not the vision for this day. In the likeness is the vision. For sin taken occasion by the commandment deceive me and by it slew me. The law is not sin saints but it brought the knowledge of sin bringing guilt upon us and when we transgress. So trying to live a Christian life by conforming to good works only ends in pride, embarrassment and failure. Romans 8 and verse 1 to8 there is now there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Amen. There it is. You want to walk in the vision. Don't walk after the flesh. walk after the spirit. Young people, people in the church, this is not to tell you, well, you see, our pastors are wrong. They're enforcing this, they're enforcing that, they're enforcing this. You know, I've got a problem with you saying that if your pastor is not preaching the third, if your pastor is preaching the third, he's preaching the the from the revealed word of the hour and he's trying to get the church in order, he's got to handle both sides. He's going to handle the realms of the flesh and the spirit. But you'll know if you have a ministry that is not preaching from the spirit. Then all he's doing is controlling the flesh. And of course, we know what's going to happen eventually. Ministers themselves fall into sin. Verse two, for the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. for what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh. For sin condemns sin in the flesh that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. So he's saying the righteousness revealed in the law must be fulfilled in us by not walking after the flesh but by walking after the spirit. It's totally contrary to the to all the things the church world thinks of. Everyone says you've got to fast and pray. You've got to do this. You've got to do so many times a year. You've got to pray at this time. You got to read at that time. Got to go to church so many times. Or some believe church on Saturdays. Some believe church on Sundays. Keep this tradition. Keep that tradition. That's walking after the flesh. And the righteousness of the law will not be fulfilled in you if you walk after the flesh. But if you walk after the spirit, if you walk in the true vision, the righteousness of law will be fulfilled. Amen. Don't try so hard to keep the message rules. Try to come in love. Come in love with the word. And those things that you call message rules don't even become rules because the father loveth the son. &gt;&gt; Amen. The nature loves the manifestation. The nature is one with the manifestation. It you can't do it the other way. Walking in the vision is simple. But we complicate it. We try to do it the way because we love the you see to keep the the the standards of the message to keep the life that people are talking about is quite amazing. If you can do it, you get a lot of respect. But that's where human pride comes in. Because if you can do it well, people respect you and say, "Oh, what a holy brother he is. He's just such a clean living man. He just, you know, he prays every day. He dresses right. He does this. He preaches this way." And so on. And and people look at the flesh and consider that and and they and they look to that and try to pattern themselves after that. But if you look into the man's nature, &gt;&gt; his divine nature, and how he's connected with God, and when you ask him a question, he's got the answers to the devil's question. He's got the answers to the doubt that might have been brought into you. He can calm your spirit. He can soothe your spirit. He can set your confusion at bay. There's a different kind of person than someone who tells you, "Listen, your problem is you don't have the Holy Ghost. Go and pray and get the Holy Ghost and then come back and speak to me." That's not how one who is in unity with the spirit will speak. Uh verse four, the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us. Verse five, for they are that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit, the things of the spirit. That mean that tells us they who walk after who feel the vision is after the flesh. They're constantly have that in their mind. But those who are who walk after the spirit constantly have revelation on their mind, the open book, the communion of the word, loving how the word fits together, loving how the word reveals inside, loving how the word brings wisdom inside us. That's the likeness coming back. That's the unity. That's the harmony coming back. No waring. Where's the waring? In the mind, right? The greatest battle. That's where the likeness must must destroy the reasoning that caused all the problems in the Garden of Eden. Glory to God. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is enmity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. There you go, saints. They that are in the flesh cannot please God. So I said enough on that. Living after the spirit saints, if you live by the third poor ministry, I cannot tell you it's the freest feeling in the world. I don't care how many message believers in the world or people who call themselves believers point their fingers at me, say what they want to, I am at peace. They can call me all sorts of names. They can talk behind my back. I don't even have to respond to it. It doesn't even concern me. is the freest feeling in the world to be united with him in spirit. To be totally secure in what you believe, to see the word, to see it unfold, to thirst after it, to fall in love with it daily again and again. Living after the spirit means not conforming to good works. That was for the church ages. But allowing the spirit to change the nature that the good works might follow. Amen. So God actually desires the union of the spirit. This is the true marriage. Amen. The church tried the likeness of the flesh. But the true marriage is the marriage of the two attributes. These two must become one under the second coming of the Lord. The seventh seal brings him back to earth. He wants us to be one in spirit saints with the word Christ. This was his desire. Let's close this down. This was his desire in Ezekiel 36:24-27. He wants us first to come to the union of Genesis 1:26-27. The union of theophony. See, that's the part we bypassed. We came here into flesh and he he brought Christ down and then gave us brought us into flesh and begin to make us one flesh. But the hope was to bring us back to theophony. He brings theophony back in this in the seventh seal being open. He brings the word theophony back to earth and the two must become one. Must become one in theophony. See, so his plan of redemption became our saving grace. Now I want to take you to those eight points we began in the beginning. Uh I want to show you this. He number one he took care of our sinful vows at Calvary taking them all upon himself. In numbers 39 verse 9 verse 11 to 12 verse 14 to 15 you can read the church could not see this what is this the vows of a of a woman made in her father's house and not in her father's house and how they stand and so on you can go and read that it had to become personal a personal revelation to every believer number two he held his peace with Israel that their bond might stand right but he made all our bonds void. Remember Peter, he did it knowing all the bonds before we could even make them. He told Peter, "You're going to deny me." But he made all his bonds void. Right? Whereas in Numbers 30:3 to 5, point number three, when it was not in the father's house, right? When the bonds are made not in the father's house, the church did not know the father. They were not in his house. the word. That's why they could not see the inheritance. Christ knew they they wouldn't see it. Right? So when if you don't understand this in number study, it shows how that when a woman is in her father's house and she makes a vow and the father hears the vow in the day that she makes it and he voids the vow, she is not held responsible. He is not held responsible. But if he hears the vow and he allows the vow uh then the bond will stand. Right? But if she is not in the father's house, she makes a vow. And of course, then that vow, she's bound to that vow. Right? Now, these were not in his house. What is his house? His house is the word. This church that grew up now in the in the church ages, they left his house. They left his image. That's why they could not see the inheritance. And Christ knew they wouldn't see it. If you read John 14:1-2, let not your heart be troubled. You believe in God, believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. So, he promised to return to put us in our position in Christ, our inheritance in the word. Point number four, he was returning for someone of the same lineage. Amen. Someone who was kin to him. If you read Song of Solomon, a garden enclosed, this is four, Song of Solomon 4:12. And a garden enclosed is my sister, my spouse, my sister, my spouse. A a spring shut up, a fountain sealed. Song of Solomon 5 and verse one. I am come into my garden, my sister, my spouse. I have gathered my with my spice. I've eaten my honeycomb with my honey. I've dropped my wine with my milk. Eat, O friends. Drink ye drink abundantly, oh beloved. It means rejoice. What is Christ? What is it saying here? Christ's family would not be after the flesh. That was Adam's family, right? Christ's family is the word. So my sister, my spouse, meaning you've got to be of the same lineage. Your lineage is the word, not the flesh. Right? So he will he will come into unity with those who are of his lineage, the sister of the same father, the same image, the same origin. Point number five, Eliza was sent by the father Abraham with godly jealousy to espouse her to one husband, the word Isaac. Eliza had to go to the father's house or the father's land. His message would seek out those who were in the word. Is that right? And to make her now uh to make her know that she is a daughter born with an inheritance. You'll find that in Numbers 36 and:8. That's why we recognize the word when he came. Why did we recognize the word when he came? Because we were family to him. The only way you can recognize the word when he comes. The only way you can realize what the cloud is, what the first fold of the seven seal is, what the second fold of the seven seal is, what the third fold of the seven seals, you can only recognize that because you are family because you have the ability, you have the the genetics to recognize it. You have the added dimension to you to make you see the word to recognize who it is that has come. This was no fleshly union, not law. It is love. the capstone. It takes us back to the place prepared in the father's house where our bonds are void eternally because we're in the father's house. Anything that we do in this flesh where we make mistakes voids it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because we are united in spirit. The things that you do in the flesh that you make a mistake, you you've done wrong things, he voids it. But if you're not in his image, it is not. It stands. Your bond stands. What does that mean? because it's telling you about numbers chapter 30. If you live after the flesh, you are not in the father's house. You in Adam's house, right? House means family. Lineage, genealogy. If you are in the spirit, then you are in the father's house. &gt;&gt; And when you're in the father's house, whatever the flesh commits, you are not that is void. He voids it because that is not the original image of God. The original image of God is the house of the Lord. So he takes us back to the place prepared in the father's house. I go to prepare a place for you. In my father's house are many mansions. No matter what mistakes or errors we make in this life, saints. Henceforth the word makes them void immediately. This is the reason why you can feel free if you get into that world into that third pole under the opening of the seventh seal. If you get into the revealed word of the hour, whatever happens in your life, this is a a privilege for the bride. Amen. He will void everything because you are in his house. Once you're in the father's house, the word, you cannot commit adultery. Like Leviticus 20:10, you cannot accept any other headship. You cannot lie with any beast like Leviticus 20:16. That means you cannot accept any system or denomination. You are sealed away by a spirit union perfect in the likeness of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll say it again. If you are in the father's house, if you have been united into the image of the word, you come into the likeness, in the likeness, you will not commit spiritual adultery. You will not accept any other spirit. You will not accept any other teaching. You will not accept any other man's idea or tradition. You cannot lie with any beast. Which means you will not accept any political system, no denomination, no organized religion. That is a beast. And you would not be able to be any part of that because you are in the father's house. Meaning you have come into the perfect likeness. And look saints, this was Paul's desire. Let us leave the first principles and move over into perfection. Amen. And he identified the first principles, the first principles with the unity of the flesh. Let's go past that. Let's go into the unity of the spirit. And be you therefore perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. I want to close on that just to tell you what do you think the perfection of the father is? You think the perfection of the father is about keeping your hair short, wearing long pants or for a woman wearing long hair. Is the father all about hair? Clothing. Don't do this. Don't listen to this music. Don't do this marriage. Don't get involved in that. That's not the perfection of the father. That's not the perfection of the spirit. That's the flesh. And the flesh is subject to law. Be you therefore perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. It's a completely different perfection. Amen and amen. I trust that you can see this. There's so much I've done this series in about six, seven, maybe eight parts I think. Uh so there's a lot more scriptural teaching, a lot more Bible study, a lot more reading of quotes and so on. There's so much to be able to pack into the saints which we cannot do in such limited time. But if you take the entire plan of God and see how the message of the of the prophet in this last day expressed it, reading between the lines is an an ability that's only going to come to you if you have seen the open book. If those seals have been broken away from your life. If you can now look into the word and every time you read that word, it's speaking back to you. Then you will find yourself being elevated from a tradition of the message, a tradition of living, from a religion. It becomes a harmony, a close relationship. This is not a fantasy. I will say to you, uh living what you think a visible life of not doing this, not doing that, doing this, that's a fantasy because that's making yourself feel better about something. and I'm feeling secure and those kind of natures that kind of vision is the wrong vision because that's the kind of nature where when things go bad you say well why Lord why I've been living right I've been doing this right how could you let this happen how could my mother get cancer how could my wife get cancer how could I get cancer how could such things happen but if you come into unity of the spirit you would not even ask those questions you would not even doubt you would not even care for the healing healing of the body. You would be so secure in the unity that you have with him in that spiritual realm. You're totally at peace with God. That's the vision you need to be walking in in this day. May the Lord bless you and add more to these words so that the the revelation will be expanded in your soul. May the Lord bless all of you. It's been a great privilege speaking to you. We wish you all the best for this new year. Let's bear in mind that God is not going to suddenly just lift up bring healing to this whole co thing. Let's let's remember we're not just some special people. You might be infected by it. You might get sick by it. Who knows what what might happen? But there are people out there who are not believers. There there are some who are heathens and they are being healed of of CO. There are some believers who are dying. Let's not make this co thing uh bigger than it is. It is a big thing to the world to us. We have a vision to walk in &gt;&gt; and we need to focus on that. This is just another trial just like cancer and AIDS and Ebola and all of those things. It's just another trial the world has to get through. Forget about it. Do what you have to do to be safe. Listen to your governments when they tell you something, which is the scripture. um and obey what rules they give you concerning. It is it is totally uh normal and and acceptable of God. I mean, he is a God who asked them to the Israelites to wash hands in the wilderness so that they wouldn't spread disease, wash clothes in running water. This is not a foreign thing to us. So do what has to be done, but don't make it a focus. We have a different focus. Amen. We have a different life to lead. We have a different purpose to fulfill. And while the world is floundering in their mess, we can look to God. We can look to the revealed word of the hour. We can be strong in the faith. We can support the ministries. They're preaching the revealed word of the hour. We can be there together, growing together, coming into the likeness of God. And you will start to feel dominion coming back &gt;&gt; to mankind again. And God is complete. Amen. The Lord bless you. Amen.
