################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-06 - The Story of God And Man P1 - Br Allistair Francis gospeltruth - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-06
Title:    The Story of God And Man P1 - Br Allistair Francis #gospeltruth
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSQow1n2jCQ
========================================

Description:
From Eternity Through Time to Eternity
Sunday 5th October 2025 #gospeltruth 

00:00 - Scripture Reading
16:15 - From The Beginning and beginning of beginnings
17:20 - The Great Fountain of Life
23:35 - The Logos, King Theophany
35:07 - God Created Angels 
40:53 - Lucifer Convinces 2/3 of the Angels
48:00 - War In Heaven
50:27 - Lucifer and Angels Cast down to Earth
56:42 - First Destruction of Earth
01:01:16 - Beginning of the 5th Dimension (Hell)
01:07:13 - God Creates Man In His Own Image
01:16:20 - God Creates Man In Image of Beast
01:19:36 - God Creates Woman from Man
01:21:59 - Man Left In Image of Beast
01:36:01 - Redemption Part 1 (Coming of Son of God)
01:42:28 - Redemption Part 2 (Coming of Son of Man)
01:50:55 - Where Do You Fit In?

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. While you're standing, we're going to speak on the subject of the story of God and man. And for a title, from eternity through time to eternity. Amen. To me, this I think there's a quote where brother Brandham says, "This is the gospel story." &gt;&gt; Amen. how God wanted to become man so that man could become God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And he says if anything that is the gospel story. So we like to read several portions of scripture. We we'll begin with Psalm 8:38. I just want you to consider the words of the psalmists and those who have written the scriptures. And for you to understand that these questions are not questions we ask now. They've been questions that man has been asking for generations. And when we read these verses, they should become more meaningful to us today because we have been drawn in by the word of this day. The psalmist says, "When I consider thy heavens and the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars which thou has ordained, what is man that thou art mindful of him? And the son of man that thou visitest him? For thou has made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honor. Thou madeest him uh to have dominion over the works of thy hands. Thou has put all things under his feet, all sheep and oxmen, yay, in the beasts of the field, the fowl of the air, the fish of the seas, and whatsoever passeth through the parts of the seas. Job 7 verse 17 to18. Again, what is man that thou shouldest magnify him, and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him, and that thou shouldest visit him every morning, and try him every moment? Job 15:14-16. Again, what is man that he should be clean, and he which is born of a woman that should be righteous? Behold, he putth no trust in his saints, yay, the heavens are not clean in his sight. How much more abominable and filthy is man which drinkketh iniquity like water? Psalm 144:3 to4. Lord, what is man that thou takest knowledge of him? Or the son of man that thou makest account of him? Man is like to vanity. His days are as a shadow that passeth away. The Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. We'd like to greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. We'd like to welcome Sister Norma, that is brother Joseph's wife. God bless you, sister. Uh happy to have you with us. And uh if there be any other uh visitors among us in our gates, may the Lord be with you and bless you today. So just before we begin this subject, I just want to say we we've had a really uh wonderful week at first with the the Sunday school and then the youth on Friday and um we started uh the subject with the Sunday school on on on Sunday evening or Sunday afternoon just making the word more plain and um so what I'm going to be speaking on today is repeating some of that and it's there's going to be a lot of pictures pictures uh that are related to things that make it easier for uh for the young the young ones the children. So I realized that and and that's what we kind of doing with uh with the youth. We want to work with them in a specific way and as um time has gone by. I've been in the message since uh I'm a little child and I've seen things and I've seen how things work. And I realized that if you tell the little ones the truth, you tell them heaven is right here. You tell it to them now, then when they grow up and you preach the seventh seal, they're not expecting them to fly up in the clouds. They're not expecting Christ because they know heaven is a dimension right in here where you you can't see it but it's right here in hell and what it is. So we and and you make a mistake thinking these children cannot comprehend such things. They're only deep to you cuz you've already been indoctrinated. It's so simple. I tell you when we speak to the little ones they just accept it. They just believe it. There's no mystery in their minds. They're yes. Okay. And the questions, so what dimension is this body? What dimension is this? And what dimens? And you give them an answer, they say, okay, no problem. But if you speak to adults who have been indoctrinated their whole lives, it's a it's like that concept is too difficult for me to understand. So it's not even really deep to these children. So we realize that uh and that's what we're looking towards um maybe catching them at that young age and teach them the things of God. And let me tell you, they're grasping it. And then we'll get to the the age groups of maybe between uh 10 and 15 uh and catch them before their hormones start raging. And that's the perfect time to fill them with the word. Get them to know their Bible. Get them to know their their the message because once they're 16, now they're distracted by what their hormones are doing to them. So, I think uh it's a problem waiting for them to get to know the message after they're 16. We need to get them while they're still stable. &gt;&gt; So, that's what we're looking to do. And maybe if we we we'll split up split them up into three groups and we're quite excited with uh some initiatives that's coming up. So, we appreciate um that we can still have this time to work with our children. Amen. So, uh, with that in mind, I want to I want to explain something. We have I've preached this message. It's going to be 20 27 years or so I've been preaching. And something that really impressed me in my heart from from a very young age is that God must never be an idol to me because the entire scripture is that he must not be an idol because an idol is worshiped in a certain way. &gt;&gt; And the way an idol is worshiped is limited. But if you see God beyond an idol and the Bible tells you he is a spirit &gt;&gt; and they that worship must worship in spirit and in truth &gt;&gt; and if you see God as an idol you will not worship him in truth and you cannot fully worship him in spirit because it becomes a mental understanding &gt;&gt; so it must go beyond that. So that's always been my found foundation point and it affected me in a way because I'm a I'm a person who when I when I study I draw on a whiteboard and I I'm very pictorial. I draw pictures and I I I put diagrams up and I align my thoughts and so that I can I can keep a thought through a whole service. I can preach a three-hour service and hold your attention because I'm keeping to a thought and I'm leading you somewhere. But if I was all random men everywhere then we'd have a problem. So the problem with pictures is when you implant a picture in someone's mind, it's that easy to make an idol. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; So when I started off preaching the message and I began to draw pictures and talk about concepts, I would never draw the image of God in a certain way so as not to encourage you to make pictures. But then I realized that having done that um uh and I was expecting us to just grasp those things because you will find in Deuteronomy where it says uh do not make any graven images. Do not make any idols because when when you when I came to speak to you, you did not see any form of any man or woman or beast or bird or fish or anything. Only you heard a voice. So he asked Israel just listen to the voice. Do not be like the Canaanites and make unto you any graven images. &gt;&gt; And so I thought, well, so when I taught the logos and I taught man and theophony, I just drew like these ovals. You remember these ovals with an oval within an oval and masculine attribute, feminine attribute. But I didn't realize that um generations or time was going to go and some of you would have thought that King Theophony was formless or that theophony itself was formless and that's not what I purely because I don't want you to make an image but now I have to tell you um you have to grasp the truth because there's a reason why God did what he did and became what he did. And the whole thing is it's got to do with man. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So that's my subject this morning. The story of God and man. There's going to be a lot of pictures. And I'm telling you now, do not take my pictures and make idols. They are pictures for children to understand. and they're they're they're there to make you understand the different concepts that brother Brandon has spoken of. And we're going to talk about king theophony. We're going to talk about logos. We're going to talk about a lot of things. And so the children today probably know more than you um you because of what we did with them in Sunday school. So I'm expecting the children to answer when I ask questions. And then also uh just be careful because these children are going to start drawing all my pictures right here right now. So uh hope you brought enough pages. All right. I want to say this. Any person who thinks he can make up his mind and tell you that he knows exactly what theophony is, looks like, exists as that man is a fool. that man is an absolute total 100% fool. And I've got no issues saying that because no man can know exactly what it is, what it looks like, what it existed like before. There's there's nothing. And if you tell me that you have come up with the truth based on everything brother has said, you're an even bigger fool because then I know you haven't read the message because brother Bam says things from the same message. I'll tell you I'll just tell you this from from the same message you'll hear you'll read all the quotes if you read all the quotes you'll find out there are some people who say the angels were cast down uh before um um man was made and that's how I believe it that's how I see it there from the same message there'll be people will say that Lucifer was only cast down in the garden of Eden when he came to deceive the woman and from the same message of the prophet But you'll hear that Lucifer and them were only cast down after Cain where the angels came down and and became fallen spirits that pressed themselves into man and procreated through human race. From the same message, you'll get three different stories. &gt;&gt; And I don't have a problem with our brothers having different stories. Like I say to you, to me, if it all ends up with the seventh seal, bringing back the mystery of Christ and the bride uniting and bringing back the original purpose of God, I don't care how you got there. But the way I'm getting there is the way God has revealed to me to see it and it's helping me. It's it's doing good for me. It's not leading me on a negative path. And that's all I can preach. I can't preach all the stories. I can only preach the one that's clear to me. Amen. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, there has always been this amazing question about man through the ages of time. Whenever the subject of God comes into conversation, there's always this one question that pops up that has forever intrigued man. And if it is this, if there is a God in this massive universe, why does he care about man? Why should he invest so much time? We we read all the scriptures where the the the poets and the psalmists were asking the very questions. Poets and psalmists are uh what do they call these guys? Philosophers. Spiritual philosophers. That means there are people who sit there like this, right? Thinking why would God be so mindful of us? Look at us. Look at how great the planets are. Look at how great the stars are. Look at how great the universe is. Why is he so concerned? In today's world, the scientists are say, "You mean to tell me that in in this massive universe, the small speck called earth and the smallest specks called humans, your great god is interested in you? I can't believe that." So if there is a god, why does he care about man? Why should he invest so much time? Why should there be prophecies? What is his interest in man when there are other more obedient submissive creations that he would be more successfully occupied with? Sounds like a good question. &gt;&gt; Religions claim that God is so invested in man's existence, but men constantly don't want to be invested in God's existence. They find that a problem. Why? If God is so mindful of me, why am I not so mindful of him? So why does God care about man? The psalmist and prophets ask the question, what is man that God is mindful of him? So let me say this clearly. The revelation of the full word of God in these last days has shown us that there can be no knowledge or teaching or understanding of God without the understanding of man. You cannot understand God without understanding man. That's what the entire message teaches us. That said, I mean to now answer the ultimate question. The ultimate question is who is God? And to answer that question, you have to answer who is man? &gt;&gt; Without man, there is no consciousness of God. &gt;&gt; Because nothing else has a soul. The animals are not conscious of God. They don't get together and worship. They don't read the word. They don't need the word. The animals need no salvation. They live according to the spirit by which he put in them. And they do their purpose without question. They don't even know whether there is another purpose for them. &gt;&gt; There is no other being in the universe that has a soul. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that means if there is no soul, there is no consciousness of God because it is the soul that actually gives consciousness of God. &gt;&gt; It is the soul that you have that actually puts the question, where is God? &gt;&gt; What does my life mean? Is there more to my existence? Why was I born? There's no other creature on the planet that asks that question, that even needs an answer. So to understand God while you are here you have to understand man because the answer to who is God is in the answer to who is man. &gt;&gt; That's why it is the story of God and man. All right children are you ready? So let's begin. We begin from the beginning of the beginning and the beginning of beginnings. Okay, that's where we begin. And there was a beginning, there was another beginning, and there was a beginning of beginnings. That's why I'm saying this. And the reason my title is from eternity through time to eternity &gt;&gt; is the beautiful part of this is time as you understand it was constantly changing. There was a beginning where 24-hour days began, but there was another beginning before 24-hour days began. And there was another beginning before those 24-hour before those days began. So if you if you think time was constant, that's where we make all the mistakes. This is where science fails because time was never constant. &gt;&gt; Time is constant now according to what is necessary for us now. But there was a beginning. And then before all beginnings, we find the beginnings of man were in something called the great fountain of life. All right, this is one of those drawings. Brother Baron calls it the fountain of seven colors, right? And man was in that fountain of seven colors, right? And you find I I put in all these little dots there because the prophet tells us in him were all these attributes. &gt;&gt; And he said, so how do we understand attributes? He they're like seeds. A seed has a potential to grow into something. And he said in those attributes were the attribute to be a father, to be a son, to be a mother, to be a wife, to be a to be a savior, to be a redeemer, to be a friend. In there was all these potentials, right? This great fountain is filled with all these kinds of attributes that later and this is before time, right? Later these attributes would become something within time. There were attributes like father, son, holy ghost, savior, healer, redeemer, provider, comforter and many many more. It's eternal attributes. Then we believe something in this attribute that today we call father started some kind of movement within himself. These attributes began to draw together. We call it forming a plan. Now this is me trying to explain this from the understanding of man. Do you do you understand me? It's like you sitting down one day and your thoughts are coming together which all culminate in a plan. What do you see? If if any one of you is normal, you have red blood and gray cells upstairs. You all think the same. Which means from from your mind from all the things that you draw from around you thoughts inside your head begin to form and eventually what you thinking about forms a picture in your mind that you can see. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And from for that picture you actually see a process by which you can bring that picture to pass. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's how we understand it. We're trying to tell you it might have happened that way with him. Means all those attributes began to draw together and began to form into a plan, right? And uh we we now know we're we're kind of calling him the father because the father is the one with all the attributes. Father is the one that produces seed. But yet at that moment or whatever it was, there was no time. It was eternal. At that time, at that moment, um he was not known as the father. &gt;&gt; There was nothing to know him as anything. &gt;&gt; He wasn't even him. &gt;&gt; He wasn't even God. &gt;&gt; Because there was nothing to worship him. Now this section of attributes that's that's coming together, it's beginning to come together by his own will by the will of the great fountain of attributes. They begin to become a dimension of his existence. He's actually forming himself into a new existence and that existence is going to be called the seventh dimension by us aons later. the dimension of the word, right? And uh the seventh dimension which started uh as we know now becoming visible to the celestial eye even that we don't understand yet. Right? And the purpose of this collection of attributes and the way they're forming, the way they're coming together in this dimension was solely to reveal or manifest all of these attributes. He desired for all these potentials to become reality and to be appreciated by something. Amen. and this dimension solely revealing or manifesting this this great fountain of natures and yet he's still not God &gt;&gt; because there's still nothing to worship him. So this section or group of attributes was what we came to call and who became known as the word. Amen. We also know it was the lamb's book of life and um uh everything that that could make that being be revealed as God in time was contained in this one holy section. So you have this book of life and there can be many attributes that relate to many other things but in him there was a section a section of eternal life the lamb section of the book and there were specific attributes in there that are related to a specific manifestation in the future from that point. So can you see that nobody can claim to know the great fountain of life, the great fountain of seven colors. You cannot worship that. You don't know that. That's never been revealed to you. Nobody can claim to understand that existence. I tried my best. I did I think I did well for a colorblind person cuz I'm I try to make some kind of amber. You can you can't imagine what it was like. It was painful. Took me a whole week to do all these drawings. uh but the only thing we can come to know and claim to know is the collection of attributes and we call him the word the logos and that's our next picture because from him is going to come the word right let's go to the quote in the beginning we'll go back to our Hebrew teaching just for a few minutes God was this great big fountain of seven colors how many knows that see and how many knows that God has seven spirits. Absolutely. Seven spirits and there were seven eyes in the land and so forth. Obviously those are symbols, right? And that all come together now. Now that was God. Are you ready for this? Now the logos, he went out of God. He means he went out of the fountain of seven colors which was God coming from this one big fountain into a body in the body of a man. &gt;&gt; Man hasn't been created yet. So what does it mean? The logos came into the body of a man. Means there's more to man than you understand. &gt;&gt; This is not even man. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it made the logos which we call theophony. So here's my picture. All right. I have no idea what I did there. Okay. I I I just put the cloud around his head so you understand what comes back in the end time. But prior to this, when I drew these pictures, I left out the body that looks like man. But I want you to know there are plenty of quotes in the message where brother Brandon said, "Out of the fountain of seven colors, he became in the form of man." He gave himself the form of man who was going to come way in the future. All right, let's explain that. Right. So the coming together of these selective attributes caused these all these attributes to develop into an amazing ability that create that would create dimensions and worlds. So from this existence so he's leaving that existence he's leaving that existence of not being known, not being seen, not being understood. He's leaving that existence of random potentials and they all are becoming one in a person in a visible person. A person visible in a celestial dimension &gt;&gt; and that one is called the word and in the beginning was the word. &gt;&gt; Right? Now for our understanding and our purposes we call him the word in because it said so in the Bible in him was the attribute. So all those attributes there came into him. They're all all of it becoming him. In him are the same attributes that were before that. In King Theophony, in the Logos was the attribute still there to be father, to be God, to be healer, to be savior, to be everything that would be manifested in time. Whatever was there in that which uh the self-existing one is now coming into the form of a being that he made for himself. It was God giving birth to himself. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bringing himself to become another existence. For what reason? Because in his mind, the picture that he saw was man. So he made himself into a form that would relate to what was going to be. Can you imagine if he created himself like an octopus? I'm saying what would be the point? What what if it took a form like a cloud? What would be the point? How is that relatable to man? He didn't create man in the image or he didn't create this here uh in the image of God. &gt;&gt; This is not in the image of God. But he created his own body in the image of us &gt;&gt; or in the form that we would be. He gave himself I don't know gave himself a head, arms, legs, torso. I'm only telling you what the prophet said, &gt;&gt; right? The reason why we don't make him an idol because if you read all the books, all the Christian child book, child, what do you call it? Sunday school books you they make him look like this old man, you know, beard, this massive giant sitting in a chair with his arms like this and all the angels falling down. That's not this. &gt;&gt; That's false. That's somewhere coming close to the truth. That's making him an idol. This is complete mystery. We don't know what's its substance. Uh I cannot tell you. Does it have a heartbeat? Does it have blood? I don't believe so because that's of earth. &gt;&gt; What is that? We're yet to find out because when we are raptured, we'll know. &gt;&gt; Right now, nobody's going to be able to tell you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And in him, our capabilities and and powers that is beyond our understanding. And listen, it's not superhero powers. That's another thing created in the the fictional minds of men. Okay. Uh I think there's another quote question and answers. Okay. Before we go there, let's read this. So John 1:1 is where we took it. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the same was in the beginning with God and all things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. So it wasn't even the fountain of seven colors that began creation. It was that logos, the one who became visible. He is the one that starts creating. Right? So this logos went out of God became into the body into a body form of a man. So God can see into um in the future his plan was to create man for his attributes to be manifested through. So he is in his mind he has already seen he's bringing his final creation and that creation is going to be called man. He has seen it. Now for him to communicate to be relatable he forms himself into a form that would be relatable and that would somehow have a an intimate relationship. Right? Because there's more to this plan. He wants to live in the final creation. &gt;&gt; He wants to be the final creation. &gt;&gt; That's his plan. That was revealed under the seventh seal. That's the part that nobody wants to accept. Because as long as you have religion, religion means God is there. I am here. He's greater. He's the greatest. I am this poor rotten rat that has to go to religions and church and bow myself down and give sacrifices. That's where religion stops. That wasn't his plan at all. His plan was to be you. &gt;&gt; And why is this problematic? Because our definition of God is that God is someone who wants to be idolized. Our definition is that God loves to sit there with his arms crossed while we all sing songs and offer prayers. That is not even close to what God is. That's actually what man is. Fallen man. Fallen man loves praise. &gt;&gt; Fallen man loves to be exalted. God doesn't care to be exalted. But if you know him, you will exalt him. But he's not even forcing you to. He's not even trying to do things to make himself more attractive than other things in this world. There's no carnality in worship of God. True worship of God, there's no carnality. Therefore, there's no reason for us to paint pictures of him and make him look more powerful than something else or more beautiful than something else. He doesn't care to look like that. &gt;&gt; He doesn't care to be like that, to be what your imagination comes up with. His original desire was to be you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; For every one of those attributes to exist in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so this logos then began to create all the worlds. And there's my next picture of it. We begin with the next beginning. The other beginning was John 1:1. the next beginning. In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. So from this logos, it's so beautiful. He then began to speak things into existence. And the prophet said like there was so this is what science calls the big bang this massive amount of energy saying let there be. And the prophet said he took like a there's a this massive energy of light. He took a clinker like a chunk and he threw it into time, let it go through space and said stop. And there was a galaxy and break that up and out of that comes other clinkers and from their planets and then he takes another one and lets it go. He describes it as he was like a like a son playing before the father's doorstep just letting things go and say stop and let it be and stop and let it be and stop and let it be. And there was matter and there was light and there was all kinds of things. And he he would create even darkness so that light could be appreciated. &gt;&gt; Matter and all kinds of things and water molecules, atoms were being formed and molecules were being were coming together and gases and liquids and all kinds of things just letting it go. We don't know how long that took. Amen. Genesis 1:1. Now, while this is going on, remember his plan is man. &gt;&gt; Therefore, he made himself in that form. But now, there's another part of his plan because there's still nothing to worship him. And worship him does not mean uh bow down, sing songs, and make a choir like they think the angels are, you know, in heaven. No, that's not it at all. He is now about to do something more. So, he creates angels, right? It was in him to be a man. That's the reason Christ was the expressed image. Now, he was to be father. He was to be son. He was to be savior. He was to be healer. There was nothing that wasn't even an angel or nothing. Then he created angels. Then he become God. He was worshiped. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right? Then these are the manifestations of his thinking. &gt;&gt; So his thoughts, his attributes, what was in his thoughts and he produced the angels. So here's my rendition of that. Simultaneously while he's creating the worlds, he brings forth the angels. This is what is amazing to me is angels also seem to be in the form of man. And to me this is right because they were made when we say worship God we mean to do his will. &gt;&gt; That's what worship is to subject your will to his will. That's true worship. &gt;&gt; Worship is not church. &gt;&gt; Yes. Worship is to do his will to recognize his authority and bring yourself under subjection. That is worship. If you come to me and say good evening my worship. That means you're telling me you are recognizing my authority and you are willing to do my will. That is worship. &gt;&gt; So now the angels were there to worship him. All right. I have no idea what they look like. There's many quotes. Let me tell you, I've read the message. Brother Ram even says things. There's never been mentioned a female angel. &gt;&gt; I believe that there's never been, as far as we know, they were sexless. &gt;&gt; And more like, but they all resembled the form of man. They were meant to be relatable to man because God was going to send them as messengers to us in time &gt;&gt; to appear in different forms. That's what the purpose of angels were. And he began to reveal his purpose to them. I believe this must have been an amazing time because now for the first time, he's sharing his plan with them. He's probably telling them, I am going to create man. Maybe it's not exactly what you think about right now, but it's going to come to pass. I'm going to create this place, this earth, this Eden, this uh creation, this this uh existence, and there's going to be this form, this body called man, and I'm going to dwell in them, and you are going to be my messengers to them over time. He's explaining, he's he's revealing the word to them. Angels were given a soul. They have this horrible thing called free will that caused all the trouble. And like I said to you last week, this is what it means to be God. This is truly what it means to be God. To be able to give your creation free will, the ability to choose is true worship. Like somebody like a a you know, a man who loves his reflection so much. He thinks he's God's gift to men, to women. Uh, and he thinks he's beautiful. He takes care of his hair and his muscles and his clothes. And he smells better than any woman on the planet. And he uses every single bit of energy and intellect and smarts that he has to force a woman to love him. That's a narcissist. &gt;&gt; That is not God. Because a real man would allow her free will. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; To choose to love him as she pleases, to get to know him, to be honest with her, to tell her his true thoughts about things, to not lie to her. That is what God really is. He's not a narcissist. He's not putting a shroud in front of you or a some kind of fake thing to make you love him while he's something else. &gt;&gt; To be God is to allow his creation free will. &gt;&gt; To choose and knowing that they might reject him. &gt;&gt; Remember last week I asked you if you could do that. Every one of us will fail because at some point or the other we'll do what we you know we come up with all these our own word that we come up with is I put my foot down that was the end this is it can you imagine if God had to keep putting his foot down &gt;&gt; with us &gt;&gt; he gives us free will right so the angels were given free will now what happens is having heard all the plan that's going to happened. The angels I believe had some kind of civilization because the celestial dimension I believe my drawing is really bad. I believe it it was something else beyond our understanding. I believe there was a civilization. I believe there was a life. I'm not sure what they lived in. I what was there a realm? Was there a planet? Was there some kind of land? Was it somewhere on Earth? I don't know. But I'm saying they had life. &gt;&gt; They gathered together. They spoke together. They would have sat together. They would have fellowship together. They had conversations. They could have been building things. I don't know. But they had some kind of civilization. They were not these these spirits with wings floating in space just waiting for God to appear somewhere and then they all just bow down and start breaking out into song. That's ridiculous. That's like Greek mythology. there was some kind of civilization and they had free will which means they were able to do things with what God had placed within their realm. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And so my next drawing, Lucifer, that handsome looking guy in the middle, right? So these are drawings I did with the with the Sunday school. Okay, just so they know. Of course I I made him. So there was no sin in heaven in the sixth dimension like there is sin on earth. Okay? And the original sin was deviating from the original purpose. The original sin in heaven was not evil like we know evil here on earth. There was no murder. There was no killing. There was no adultery. There was no stealing. There was no thieving. There was no Sabbath to to uh desecrate. There was none of those things. The sin, the bad thing Lucifer did was choosing to do his will over God's will. &gt;&gt; That's evil. So what? Let's define evil. What is evil? Is trying to do God a service without it being his will. Lucifer was not trying to be God. He was not trying to produce some other kind of civilization or it eventually would have culminated in that. But he was not trying to anger God. He actually thought he could please God better by doing things his way. &gt;&gt; That was evil. &gt;&gt; It's like Judas. Judas didn't go to to uh to betray Jesus Christ because he believed because he loved money more. He was not interested in the money. We know that because of what happened to him in the end. He and the disciples felt that Christ was hiding himself away and not revealing himself to the public. He thought in his mind, if I could get him to be arrested and let them do what they want, he'll surely save himself and show them who he really is. He believed he was doing something for Christ to help the cause of Christ. &gt;&gt; He didn't know, he didn't think, he didn't realize that the cause of Christ was to die. &gt;&gt; That's why when they took him and they scourged him and he saw what they were doing to Christ, he couldn't take it his mind, what have I done? They are hurting innocent blood and I am the cause of it and took his own life. In the same way Lucifer and we see this throughout. The reason we know it is because this is always the downfall of man. God gives us his will and we think we can do his will our own way. That's evil. &gt;&gt; That's the original sin. The story of Lucifer is really overexaggerated and romanticized in all religious books. He was not trying to physically be above King Theophony. He loved him. He was not trying to be a rock star in heaven. He simply thought he could do God's will his own way. He was trying to do better in God's eyes. There was something rising up. Like brother Pam says, this is what I mean. If you read the whole message, you're going to come up with different If you only choose certain quotes, you'll come up with another story. Like he says, he was jealous of Michael. He wanted to make a greater kingdom in the kingdom of the north. You've got to take those thoughts and look and and ponder and meditate deeply in them to understand that because immediately it makes look like this this Hollywood star. You know, I want to be greater. I want to be but they're angels. They have a soul. Their desire is to serve God. The desire is to please God. How do we know what the right story is? Because we see what happens to us. All that translates to being above God eventually, right? He was trying to be better in God's eyes. He was not satisfied with simply doing what God said. He wanted to make things better. He believed things could work a different way, right? So, I suppose that it could have been along the lines of King Theophony revealing his plan to all of them and his purpose for the angels. It's here's me speculating and I could be way off the mark. He could have seen, but Lord, you have us. You could live through us. Why do you have to wait for man? Why not? We love you. We have free will. We are choosing to worship you. And you could be us. We could be the ones who dwell on earth. We could be the inhabitants. You could produce your But God's plan was man. And there was a an order for the angels to follow. And perhaps that was it. That got to his heart that he believed he could be more than man. I'm just saying I cannot say that Lucifer was upset or angry or jealous because those would be human emotions. I I don't know if angels have exactly the same emotions. Whether maybe they they do because they have free will, they have some kind of emotions. But in celestial dimensions, is the jealousy the same? Is the anger the same? Are they upset? Are they erratic? I don't know. in the message that day on Calvary and sin did not start on earth. Sin started in heaven. Lucifer the devil was condemned creature for his disobedience before he ever struck the earth. What do we get in that? Lucifer was in heaven. His free will led to disobedience in that one statement. And then he struck the earth. So we kind of know what happens, right? He came to earth. Sin began in heaven where God put the angels. Are you listening? This is where I understand that they had free will. He put the angels and so forth upon the same basis that he put human beings on. Knowledge, the tree of knowledge, the tree of life, the tree of knowledge, where man could take his choice. How did I come to it? the understanding that the two trees were all about free will about God's will and man's God's will and free will because he says that here he put the angels on the same basis and when Lucifer was given the preeminences to make his choice he wanted something better than God had that started the trouble there it is if you know these things you will know this is going to constantly happen whenever God reveals his word. All right? So, what this does is starts off war in heaven. All right? Sunday school kids know what I'm what I'm talking about. So, there's a handsome fellow there on the left again. He's got a better hairstyle. Uh, but that's Lucifer. And on this side we have Michael and the archangels or Michael and the angels sorry. And they want to do God's will. They don't want to deviate. Now what has happened is the prophet says in the message that Lucifer deceived 2/3 of the angels. Now I know some of you will will say it's conflicting. Yes, it might be. I I really don't know. I I don't care how many thirds they were uh really because I know in the Bible uh it says and the dragon with with his tail took one/ird of the stars and caused them. Yes, you could say I'm just telling you what the prophet said. He said 2/3 of them were deceived. He was trying to say this is why the majority of people on earth are being deceived. &gt;&gt; So there was this war in heaven. Let's read Revelations 12:8. And there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon. Young children, there's no dragons in heaven. There's no Chinese dragons. There's no African dragons. There's no European dragons or American dragons. Dragons don't exist. They are not flying snakes. In the book of revelation, dragon is a symbol which speaks of a creature that has supreme intelligence, that has supreme understanding, that is very powerful, right? So it's like your mother could be a dragon, right? Or your father, I don't know. And the dragon fought and his angels and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. That means in that existence, that life, there was no more place for Lucifer and his angels. They could not exist there anymore because whatever they believed in could not exist in that realm. So, what we have is Lucifer and his angels cast out. All right, let's go to the next one. Okay, so this is me trying to make they're now being cast down to earth. We we already know he said they're losing their celestial state and they're cast down to an earthly state, &gt;&gt; which already tells us Earth existed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; they were the first inhabitants of Earth. Let's read Revelations 12:9. Or rather, let's let's go back to that picture. I just want to this is just my pictorial understanding. I'm trying to Can you see his legs are still celestial as he's coming through? Okay. I'm just trying to show you that they passed from one existence to another. I don't know what what fleshly bodies they had. It would it would mean something. I would think that they were fleshly bodies. some kind of fleshly bodies. They were the first fleshly bodies to inhabit Earth and they broke God's protocol because God wanted the first fleshly beings on Earth to control the earth to be man. They interrupted that plan. So leaving the celestial dimension, they're now the first inhabitants of Earth. Let's read Revelations 12:9. There's the scriptures. It says, "And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth and his angels were cast out with him. There's another scripture Isaiah 14:12-15. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning. How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations. For thou has said in mine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. That's the other angels. I will sit upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the clouds, the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. It's showing what his intentions were inside, what they culminated into. Yet, thou shalt be brought down to hell. So, in the scripture, we see not just earth, but God could see eventually they will be the inhabitants of hell. Hell wasn't even created yet. So yes, I know if you're a Bible reader, you know that Isaiah 14:12-15 is a parable where Isaiah is speaking to a king, but he's using the parable of what happened to Lucifer to tell the king, you are going to suffer the same fate. &gt;&gt; Ezekiel 28:13-17, it gets even better. Speaking another parable, Ezekiel speaking to another king and saying to him, "Thou was in Eden." Thou has been in Eden. in the garden of God. He obviously that king on earth was not in Eden. So who's he talking about? Right? You were in Eden, the garden of God. Every precious stone was thy covering. The Sardius, the topaz, the diamond, the barrel, the onyx, the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, the carbuncle, and gold. He's trying to tell this king, you are like Lucifer. You were beautiful. You were blessed. Right? Anna, the workmanship of thy tabs and thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou was created. She's telling him, you were created, and when you were created, you had splendor. You had radiance. You were angelic. You were what men look at and desire. Thou art the anointed cherub that coverth. This is where the thoughts in the Hebrews thought that Lucifer was one of the two cherubams over the ark of the testimony. the anointed cherub that coverth, the one that covers his eyes and with one one wing covers the the holy um the the mercy seat. And they believed the one was Lucifer and the other one on the opposing side was Michael. This is the Jews coming up with their um I don't know whether you can call it folklore, whether it was true. I I don't know. Right? And uh the anointed shepherd covered and I have set thee so thou was upon the holy mountain of God. That means you are part of God's kingdom. You were part of his economy and you walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire means you were you were filled with holiness. That is holiness unto God. You had God's purpose. The mountain of God is his temple. Verse 15, thou was perfect in thy ways from the day that thou was created. You were perfect. What is perfect? Complete. You had everything. There was no need to desire anything else. There was no desire to be anything else. There was no want for anything else, but somehow you found something to want, right? Till iniquity. You were perfect in the days that you were created. Till iniquity was found in you. Verse 16, by the multitude of thy merchandise, they have filled the midst of thee with violence. Thou was sinned. Therefore, I will cast thee as profane out of the mountain of God. It's telling you, I will cast you out of this dimension. I will cast you out of my servers. You will no longer be a messenger to man. You will no longer be a part of the purpose I made you for. Your purpose is changing. And they have filled the midst of thee with violence or sin. Therefore, I will cast thee out. I will destroy thee, oh covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire. Verse 17. Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty. Thou was corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness. I will cast thee to the ground. I will lay thee before the kings that they may behold. So there are all your scriptures in the Bible, the references that tell you cast out of one place to the ground, cast out of one place to to earth, cast out of heaven to earth. Got it? That's as much as we know. Okay, so these angels are on earth 2/3. What's the number? My goodness. I I have no idea. Could have been millions. I don't know how many angels God needed. Could be 100,000, could be 500,000, half a million. I don't know. All we know is they were the first inhabitants of earth. They broke the original plan of God. Are you with me? So, let's read. Um, so this is what happened. This is the story. On inhabiting Earth, they wrecked it. They destroyed it. &gt;&gt; Yes. Because again, they're just not satisfied with God's plan. Their nature is now evolving. They've lost their original state. They're now on this this beautiful planet. And there and and when God creates something, it's beautiful. It's perfect. It's complete. And now they wrecked it. They they drove this earth into being without form and void. In the Bible, the word form means order. without form means the earth was not even a part of a galaxy. It was not revolving around anything. It had no orbit. It was hurtling through space in every direction crashing into things and it was just it had no galaxy. It was it was whatever they did they caused this beautiful planet which they knew was in God's original plan. They wrecked it. They destroyed it. Right? So for God and in void form without form that means without order. Void means wilderness empty that means whatever creation there was on earth these guys destroyed it. They killed it. They messed with it. But they learned something while they were there. They learned of the potential of seed. They learned to hybridize creation. &gt;&gt; They learned about biology. They learned about a lot of things while they were on the planet. Let's read that day on Calvary. For Satan had the earth, the very rocks that he once walked up and down on the earth burning brimstones. Lucifer was the son of the morning mean he was the first. He was the first one. And he walked on the earth when it was burning volcanic. The same rocks that had cooled off when Jesus died at Calvary belt out of the earth. the price that was paid and the bondage of Satan was broke in this quote. Now, now you're going to find other places where it says he was cast down to earth and he came and he deceived Eve. That gives you the impression that while Adam and Eve were in the garden of Eden, that's when he was cast down. Then you find another quote where he'll say these fallen angels came in and they were fallen spirits and they affected the man, pressed themselves into them and procreated with and then brother Baron tells us that's not true in another place. But here are these quotes where he says they were the first inhabitants. Satan had the earth. Lucifer walked on the earth when it was burning volcanic. I don't know. They could have done something to cause the volcanoes. They could have caused that destruction to to make the earth come to a place where God now to cleanse it. water filled up and and and and uh and just water covered the whole thing. There was no more atmosphere, you know. Um there's so many beautiful statements in the message and I just know that if you don't focus on the divine purpose of God, you'll miss it. Like go search for it yourself. I don't have the time to read all of it. Believe me, it's it's immense. Brother man even says when he said let there be light, he says I believe the sun already existed and the moon. He said I believe there was this darkness that was covering the earth and all he did was remove that. That's a quote. Okay, I don't know if I have it here but it's in my head right now. So I told you. So what we have is God needs to stop them because he's his plan is to bring man. And these fellas certainly cannot be the boss of the planet. They cannot own anything. They destroy everything. So far that's their resume. So he creates hell, another dimension where he places them into an existence where they cannot destroy anything else anymore. He he's removing them from a bodily celestial body existence, from an earthly body existence and he's stripping them of a body and making them a soul and a spirit to exist as a soul and a spirit. So that's our next part is hell is created for the devil and his angels right in Jude 16 the angels Jude is saying and the angels which kept not their first estate but left their own habitation he has reserved in everlasting chains under darkness and the judgment of the great day. So they lost their first estate. They left their original habitation and now they are become spirits that are stuck in everlasting chains of darkness. Right? So here's my rendition of that. The next slide, brothers. Okay. So kind of like the same. The children were very traumatized when I when I drew uh the spirits in my house for them. So I kind of changed that too. Okay. I just want to say I don't know what spurts look like, right? I'm just trying to show you in in some some kind of symbolic. So, please don't go get terrified and have nightmares of this. This is just like me. I used a black background with some white paint and then smudged it. Got it? Don't be terrified. And they spurs. I mean, what can they do? I mean, it's not like they can punch you. So anyway, again, what I'm showing is you can see his legs are still flesh, but he's leaving one existence and moving into another. So what they what's happening is they're losing a bodily existence and becoming spirits. This is why those fallen angels today are influencing spirits. That's all they can do. They cannot do anything. They need a body to work through. The only way they can still accomplish what Lucifer wants to do is to influence people. He's got to use the fourth dimension, technology, communication. &gt;&gt; He's got to use people who have surrendered their soul to darkness to contact them. He's going to use human gifts to get through them because God put them in these everlasting chains of darkness. Meaning they're trapped by their situation. They're trapped by them having no body. Got it? This is why you'll end up having in the last day um the son of predition. That what is the son of pition? He's a man who has surrendered his entire will to the fifth dimension and he becomes the fifth dimension incarnate. But they cannot do anything unless you give them your will. &gt;&gt; That's it. Got it? So then God starts refurbishing the earth. Lucifer and his angels had done something on earth before the destruction and they learned quite a lot. I want to read some quotes to you here that's not there on the slides. Just in the beginning, brother Bam says in the fourth seal, in the beginning, God created heavens and earth. Period. See, that's all. In other words, God created heavens and the earth. Done. You listening. The world without form and void. I said, I believe. Now, here's brother saying in the fourth seal, I believe every seed was laying right there from some other civilization or something and as soon as the water lifted off and light struck, trees and everything came. &gt;&gt; That's in the fourth seal. I believe the seeds, the potential, the things that that grew that came to were there from a previous civilization or something. Just telling you what he said. Paragraph 63 in the message, there is a man who can turn on the light. It's not there. Follow. He says, "But the world, well, the earth was without form and void, and the water was upon the earth, and God said, move upon the water and let there be light." Paragraph 64, I told it was here somewhere. Now, I believe that the sun and so forth was already in existence. Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe the moon, the sun and the moon was already in existence. He says all that he did was remove the darkness, separate the light from the darkness and light and there was light. &gt;&gt; That's what brother's thoughts were when God said, "Let there be light." And we then know from Genesis 1:3, what he starts doing is he starts adjusting the light. What's he doing? Because the earth was all without form just hurtling through space. He reigns it in. He pulls it into the solar system, puts it into orbit, starts refurbishing. He starts with light. Then he separates waters from waters, creating an atmosphere, takes waters above the firmament and waters beneath and and makes oceans. He first solves the light problem, then the water problem. Then he brings the creation in the oceans, and then he he brings the grass and the plants. He's he's readjusting matter. And then he readjusts time. He says, "Let the planets and the stars, let them be for days and seasons and months and years." That's when time adjusted to 24-hour days. See, a lot of people think we are crazy creationists. &gt;&gt; They don't understand what God has revealed to us. &gt;&gt; We're not saying God created the whole this whole thing in six 24-hour days. The Bible doesn't even say that. The Bible does not say the earth is 6,000 years old or 12,000 years old. Man says that. Other people who read the Bible and claim this is it. This is how it is. This is how we learned in Bible school. This is what it must be. We don't believe that. &gt;&gt; We've got to take what the Bible says, what the prophet says, and we see the whole creation story. &gt;&gt; We see time being adjusted. &gt;&gt; The third dimension. We've got light, matter, and time. Those three dimensions. What's he doing by adjusting these dimensions? He's bringing the conditions for man to finally come to earth. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, here's what happened. God creates man in his own image. Here's another rendition which I've never done before. Because prior to this, I I don't even know if that's right. I'm going to tell you why I did that. Okay. Before this, I did an oval with another oval inside it and said there's theophony. But because I showed you king theophony was man, he's creating king he's creating man. He's taking one attribute out of him and said Adam &gt;&gt; and that became theophony. Now why is there a woman there or something that looks like a woman? I don't I I don't know. I'm telling you in he says in Genesis 5:1 uh that he in the day that he created them he made them male and female &gt;&gt; male and female created he them in theophony &gt;&gt; right now I'm going to be totally honest with you and I and I'm going to tell you in theophony I have no idea what defines male and female &gt;&gt; because it's not related to gender or sex. &gt;&gt; So what is male and female in theophony? I have no idea. But in my limited human knowledge, I see male and female like that. That's why I drew that picture. It could be totally wrong. I don't know. Okay. So anyway, let's get to the story. That's semantics. The logos, that great king Theophony, he takes an attribute out of the lamb section of the book, right? uh and and that lamb section of the book is the feminine attributes of God. There is a masculine part of of of that of that group and there's a feminine part of the group. So man, all of you there are attributes in the feminine attributes of God. You come from there &gt;&gt; because the masculine attributes are him. He's going to be father. He's going to be healer. He's going to be redeemer. He's going to be savior. He's going to be all those things. That's the masculine. He's going to be the headship. He's going to be the capstone. You're going to be the bride. &gt;&gt; So, there's a group of attributes that makes him the masculine. And there's a group of attributes that's going to make us the feminine where Shikina can rest on us. And all the attributes that man is going to come from is from there. And he takes one out and he says, "Adam." Inside those attributes called man were two attributes. Again, they were masculine and feminine. So in the man himself, he made him in the image of himself. So which means within man is the same capabilities that was in King Theophony. In man is also masculine and feminist attributes. &gt;&gt; Right? Why? I I told you this before. If you look around you and you ask of anything in nature, anything in nature that expresses God's two attributes in harmony. It's power beyond our understanding. Right? To like I said before, to have magnetism, you have to have north and south poles. To have electricity, you need negative and positive charges. To have water flowing, you need high pressure and low pressure. You unless two attributes are in harmony, you have no power. That's expressing God. So inside the unity of these two attributes, these attributes, there's human, there's prophet, there's priest, there's king, there's Christ, there's messiah. In man there are attributes of human, prophet, priest, king, Christ. There is Emmanuel, God with us. There is husband, there is bride, there is wife, there's countless more mysterious attributes in there that cannot even be defined in human words. We don't even have the words yet. But they were gene seeds of God. And that could only be revealed as time went on. And if they were placed, if those attributes were placed in in human vessels, they were going to manifest into something. Praise be to God. So, however, in this condition on earth, they don't have the five senses that we possess now. They don't have touch, taste, feel, hear like we here. The their senses are completely different. And I don't know what they are. Was the woman's individual celestial body created? Probably. I don't know. I think so. I I don't know what's the correct way to depict this. That's the reason why I always depict them as that those ovals. So those theophies, however, were not sexual beings. They were not sensual beings. What kind of male and female is the male and female of the logos? How can you describe can do you think we right now can even describe masculine and feminine of the logos? We we kind of have this idea that we can express with the words that we have right Christ Jesus savior Adonai Lord. We can ascribe all those those and the reason we can is because it makes sense to us for for us to ascribe that to him. And then we when we think about us, we think about church, the bride, right? That kind of makes sense to us. But do you think you can accurately describe what masculine and feminine is in the word form in theophony? I certainly don't. But yet, it was the word form that had to do with natures. What do they look like? Nobody knows. So, you've all been warned. Do not make an idol of my drawings. Right? All I know is in that form they cannot till the ground. He says father said they could not till the ground but they had full power of spoken word. Now hold that thought. This is not angels. This is man. &gt;&gt; This is original thoughts of God coming into existence. This being is not remember he said he was made a little lower than the angels but you crowned him with glory. You gave him the the the the authority of earth. This this guy these people they're not messengers. Angels are messengers. They're not messengers. They are the true owners of this planet. They're the true owners of this existence. And he, the great eternal God, was wanting to dwell in this existence. This was the first part. This wasn't the end because he still wanted to extend past the offony to flesh. Are you with us? But he's got full power. Power of spoken word. Unlike the angels. The angels were not walking around speaking things into existence, moving this here and there. They were manipulating life. They do not have the capacity to create. Man did. Hey, wake up. &gt;&gt; Your eyes are open and you're sleeping. I want you to absorb the difference between angels and man. He gave this man the authority that he has and free will. This man could create, could speak things into existence. So the first man was made spurt man or theophony a word man and they were male and female as God was. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; So the man possessed the same power of God to maintain harmony and efficiency in all the dimensions of earth and he was also this man now is also above or the authority of the fifth dimension. In other words, the fifth dimension answers to him. He doesn't answer to the fifth dimension. There's nothing hell can say to this man in this condition. You got us all right. The first man was called Adam. Who knows what Adam means? Adam means man. Adam is the name of our species. It's the Hebrew name of our species. It means man. This is man in the day that he was created. Now, we're not talking about the flesh man. This is man. He's called Adam. &gt;&gt; In the day that he was created, male and female created them and he called their name Adam. &gt;&gt; So God creates man in his image. Okay, our next slide. Again, apologies. You ask me why I made him light colored. I don't know. And this is as much as my colorblind eyes could do. I really struggled to make brown. Uh but I made the angels the same color and I made uh the devils the same color. So please don't look at the colors. Uh so here's this man. Now we know the Bible says when he created him in flesh there was only one. The woman was not yet created. &gt;&gt; Right? So but now this body has the two attributes of masculine and feminine &gt;&gt; inside it. Right? Now we call this body an earthly glorified body. It's not born of a woman. It's got a connection to the theophony which means in this existence he has all the full power of theophony as a flesh man. He can still speak things into existence. He can speak things out of existence. He has the full power of spoken word. The only reason this flesh body has that is because he has connection to the theophony. How do you make connection to the theophony in a picture? Brother Alistister, this could be all wrong. Yes, it could be all wrong. It's just like so I put this whole yellow glow around him to show you he's connected to his theophony. How it actually is, I have no clue. But I believe it by faith. And the reason I believe this is because when I come to the end time, I hear about the the the the marriage of the lamb and the earthly bride. I hear in Ephesians about heaven and earth embracing. I hear about the marriage of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. And I'm seeing my theophony and my fleshly body coming together the way it should have been. That's full supreme power of earth coming to me. I'm seeing that. So I understand it that way. I understand it from where I am now and the revelation open to apply it to that. But does it actually look like that? I don't know. I'm not even saying that Adam was walking around with a glowing body. Actually, I don't believe it was that. I'm just showing you this in diagram form. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So, we call it an earthly glorified body or a glorified fleshly body. Why? Because it's an earthly body, not born of a woman, spoken into existence, connected with the theophony, not born of sexual desire. It has no knowledge of nakedness because the spirit of man is still under the influence of the theophony. It can speak things into existence according to the will of God and yet he has free will. Brother man said in this form, this is another quote. Even though he was made this way, he was perfect in all his ways, there was something just not right about him because one part of him was still in theophony and he said that's the woman. So God creates the woman from man. That's our next one. He takes out the female attribute. He creates another body. The female attribute comes out of him and he puts that in his female body and then the masculine part is being manifested in the male body. Right? That's the best I could do with her. Okay, you try it, my friend. You try without making eyelashes and red lips and other You try. So anyway, I'm doing this so the Sunday school can understand. So there's these two. They're now in flesh and they both are connected and one in theophony and one in flesh, right? Perfect harmony. It's a marriage covenant. And um here's quotes. Brother man said, "God dwelt alone with his thoughts. It's not there. He'll never do God dwelt once only with his thoughts. He'll never do that again cuz his thoughts are being made manifest. And that's why we are right here this day. God fellowshipping with his thoughts being made manifest and his purpose as father supreme was to come was to be one with his family earthly family Adam and Eve. And the only way that they could be one with the family or with God was because God's nature was in them. &gt;&gt; God's nature was in them. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. So that made them with God's nature in them. Then with each other and God they all become one. You can take that. You know when I read that quote I get lost for hours. He wanted to be he's communing with his thought. He'll never be that again cuz he's already created us. He's dwelling with his family. The the two of them together in perfect harmony. He in harmony with them. They with him they become one. That's his original plan. He wanted to dwell in man. He made man to be God and God to be man. That was his desire in the beginning. His desire was not to have temples and churches. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The fall created those things. &gt;&gt; So then what what happens is we have uh the fall the fall of man. Once again, this fall took away their theophony. Adam forfeits his theophony. I think I have a slide of him. And um they had to hide behind the bushes. This is just to show you that now they recognize their nakedness. Okay. And so once again, how did they fall? And what happens in the fall is they lose connection with theophony. Losing connection with theophony means losing spoken word. Means losing authority of the earth means losing power to control the fifth dimension. Means losing spoken word of creation to bring things into existence to take things out of existence. They're now left in the image of beast. &gt;&gt; Right now, hold this thought. They were made in the flesh in the image of beast. Why? Because man was supposed to be relatable to the animals. As God made himself, formed himself in the image of man so he could be relatable to man. Man was created in the image of animals. In the form of animals. Five fingers like a monkey, feet like a bear. Is that right? &gt;&gt; You remember all those quotes? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he was going to be relatable to animals. So he was going to be the god of the earth. Okay. So now when you remove theophony, when you remove the god part from the man, he's left as the image of beast. And once he's the image of beast, he succumbs to the passions of the creature. But one important thing, what caused this fall? And notice what happens. What caused this fall? deviating from the original will of God. Why? Because Eve didn't go out to be evil. She was told, she was preached to, she was talked to by the the enemy telling her, "You can do this another way." &gt;&gt; What's wrong with do doing it this way? I know God had said you shall not eat of the tree. That's all symbolism. But you can produce children this way. You don't have to wait for predestinated sons and for you to grow in spiritual maturity to speak the first son into existence. Why wait that long? You can have your family now. You can start procreating. You can start bringing sons of God into the earth. And look at you. You guys are great. You guys are amazing. If you produce children, the two of you, you know, perfect citizens. You can produce children. You'll be great. You'll be ruling the earth. This is the sermon she was hearing. And she succumbed to that. So by her own free will she chose to do that and what that caused was mixing of natures and corrupting of seed right and so the man because she was a part of him forfeited his rights by his own free will. So being lost came by your own free will and your salvation is going to come by your free will again. &gt;&gt; So the only way to bring salvation to you is to bring strength of character to make you make the right choice in the end &gt;&gt; because it all had to do with choice from the beginning. So what happens? Just as Lucifer left his first estate and was kicked out of that existence, man also lost their first estate and is kicked out of the garden. It's exactly the same scenario taking place again, right? And he moves into a lower existence. So man is left in the image of beast. He now has a soul. He's always searching for God while in the image of beast. still in this condition. Here you are sitting in this small little building with this group of people. There's something inside of you that feels like, yeah, you know, I can I can be doing something better right now, but there's something still keeping you. There's something still making you come back every week. You and of course, I don't know, doing something better for you would be like going home, having food, and and reading your cell phone, right? I mean, it's not like you're creating new worlds or anything. So, I don't know what better you could be doing. But anyway, that's how you feel. But there's something that's in your soul still drawing you back because there's something missing. You're still asking the question, those people out there, I told you the ones who are drinking alcohol, taking drugs, fornicating, living in in sinful attributes coming forth in them. The the real problem is they are searching for the answer to the question we asked in the beginning. Who am I? Who is God? Why is he mindful of me? Is there some meaning to life? And they're finding their temporary answers in vices. All that it's doing is blocking out the m the moments of misery and and pain that they feel and the next morning it comes back crushing in in man the question still remains. So he now has to spend his whole life. Now what's going to happen people? This is a story of God and man. What is he going to do for the rest of his life? The only way back to God is his soul has to seek the word because it is the word that made all things. It is the word that is God. He has to seek the word. The only way in that condition that he is going to find the word is in spoken word. He cannot find it in theophony. cannot find it in sixth dimension, seventh dimension. He has to find spoken word, which means God has to send spoken word. &gt;&gt; You are the only creature on earth that responds to spoken word, &gt;&gt; nothing else. You know, my wife and I were walking yesterday and was telling her, I I'm so saddened by this world. I and I I don't get bluffed by, you know, all the media. I feel like news media, whether they're conservative or liberal news media, they're all doing humans a disservice. You know, all the news is supposed to do is tell you this is what this one said. That's what this one said. That what this one said. Have a good night. &gt;&gt; This is what happened. This person was killed in this crash. This person have a good night. They're just supposed to report what happened. They're not supposed to report what they think those people meant. We can decide that for ourselves. &gt;&gt; We are supposed to decide that for ourselves. They're supposed to tell us what each politician did and said. They're not supposed to tell us what we should think they meant by that. &gt;&gt; That's not news. And that's what they're doing. So tell me, do you know how many hundreds of thousands of millions of stories there are in this world worth hearing? Like some old guy jumped in the river and saved his dog. That should be something printed in the news. Nobody hears that. Why? They've got this cycle of negative stuff day in and day out. Do you know what that word does to the human soul when when you and young people this is your we spoke about social media on Friday. Can you can you imagine what's happening to your mind and your soul if all you're hearing on TikTok and YouTube is just negativity animosity argumentative natures. I'm not fooled by either side. They could be conservative news, liberal news. They're all nonsense because they're all telling us their opinion and they're brainwashing us into thinking with their side of the story. When I listen to it, when I look at it and I read it and I said, "Yeah, I know all of you guys are trying to make me think like you." There's a reason why you got a person like Greta Tunberg who believes the world is ending by climate change because from the time she's in primary school, that's the negativity she's been fed. She now become a celebrity based on false news. Can you imagine waking up every day living your life like the world is ending because of fossil fuels? What kind of human is that? What kind of god is that? What kind of authority of earth is that? And you've got whole bunch of people in this world just negativity filled with negativity. Why am I telling you this? Because man is searching for word and the enemy is sending him word. That word is corrupting his mind and his soul. Man responds to word. This is why the word of God is salvation today. This is why young people, you need to take his word and hide it in your heart. The word of God is the only thing that can give you the power to discern good and evil. The truth is the only thing that can make you know the the truth about a person or not. &gt;&gt; You you know if you meet if you see two dogs meeting in a park, they don't stand around interpreting what the other one says. They come you you see them walk together and the hair on the back goes up like that and they look away while they're looking at each other. And the two dogs and their hands coming together and they're sniffing the air. They're smelling the pherommones. They're smelling all kinds of things. And in like 5 seconds they know, "Oh, you're safe. We're good." The one rolls over and the other one stands there looking like the boss. Or the other way around, the other one acts like a clown and starts jumping around crazily and runs all over and makes the other one chase him. Those dogs immediately knows you're not evil. We're friends. You cannot do that. You don't know that. You can't smell pherommones. You can't read thoughts. You can't read facial expressions. You don't know intentions. You don't know anything because you're so filled with all the corrupt word. When someone tells you, "Hi, how you doing?" in your head, "Yeah, you don't really care." You know why you even ask me this question? You spend every single day overanalyzing every single word or intention every person tells you. You are a stressed, pathetic creature &gt;&gt; of sorrow and misery. A worm groing in the dust because you can't even tell a good person from a bad person. The reason I say that is this is why you need salvation and a dog doesn't. &gt;&gt; This is why you need the word of God. This is why your soul responds to truth. All right. So, born of the flesh. We were born of the flesh. I think I've got some quotes there. Um, let's go to the yellow part. And man was made to live with God in this manner. Yet, he has chosen to walk by his sight. He wants to be his own boss. He wants no one to tell him what to do. That's just the nature of man. You can go read the rest of the quotes. I'm I don't want to waste too much of time on it. The next one, looking at the unseen, man is made like a sheep. Then a sheep can find its way back. I'm told when it's lost is totally lost. And that's the way with man. When he's lost, he's absolutely helpless. He must have a shepherd to guide him. A man, when he chooses, as the days go on, we find man continually getting worse, choosing rather to walk by sight than step by faith, be the unseen. And when he does that, he robs the inner man which is his soul. Next quote, looking to the the unseen, man shall not live by bread alone. And the underlying part there, and a man's physical being to be taken care of is not all the reason God put him on the earth because what he does with his physical being amounts to very little. It's his soul what counts. It's the inward man that did not come from the earth. It come from heaven. That's the eternal part of the human being. eternity through time back to eternity. Man then when a man chooses to walk in his own way that's deviating from the original plan and do what he wants to do. God just lets him alone. &gt;&gt; See that's being God. Man must not think for himself but he must let the mind that was in Christ be in him. We are not to think for ourselves. We we are to call anything contrary to what he said as though it is not. No matter what our eyes claim to be, that's where we are coming to. All right? So this is the condition of man. You go back home, you read those quotes. It's telling you what man was created to be and what he has become. You basically want to be your own boss. From the time you are 2 years old and mommy says no and you say I still want to do it. Mommy says yes, you shall do this. No, I don't want to do it. From the time you were two and you become cognizant of choice, you begin to want to be your own boss until things go bad. Then you want our help. Okay? So here we are in this pathetic terrible condition. We lost our place. We deviated from God's will. We need redemption. He brings redemption. So redemption comes in two parts. Next slide, brothers. Part one is the first coming of Christ, the son of man to bring the Holy Ghost to the human vessel. Now, I could talk years on this. We're going to try and make this preede really sort of uh um u shorten it so that we can understand it quickly. Right? So, because of what Adam lost, he now has that king theophony has to become man. born through a woman and still be Adam, &gt;&gt; right? So man had to be redeemed and that is Christ, the Lord Jesus Christ. Brothers, you can put the next slide up. Brother Brandham's the words on the side is brother Ram's words. So God became man that man might become God. That's a direct quote from the message. God became man so that man could become God. Why? Because man was God in the beginning, lost his first estate, came to this beastly nature, has been living in this way for 4,000 years, and to bring him back full redemption, he becomes the Lord Jesus Christ. That's the purpose for Jesus Christ, right? So the first step is we need redemption. We need a man like the first Adam to bring back something to get us to believe because for 4,000 years we've been believing all sorts of trash. We made up cultures and religions and languages and and cave drawings and drawings of deities and all kinds of superstitions about stars and flowers and plants and animals. And we were worshiping the creation instead of the creator. And he now the creator himself has to come down and become us. This is what's amazing. So that logos that came out of the fountain of life becomes a man. Don't you love him saints? &gt;&gt; Born of the flesh but also through spoken word. He was spoken word in the womb of Mary that created that born through the woman. Right? King Theophony himself that we saw who was filled with all those attributes became flesh &gt;&gt; and walked among us being born of woman. He was Emmanuel God with us. &gt;&gt; He was Adonai. He was I am with us. He became flesh. He subjected himself to time from eternity. Paused everything. Came down into time and existed for a short while with us in time. King Theophony himself became flesh. It's not just one attribute that became Adam. This is all of those attributes. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. What did he have in him? This is the this is the secret. Like Adam in the first time, in him were two sections of attributes, masculine and feminine. Amen. Let's read in the message Jehovah Gyra. So he created man out of the dust of the earth, not in his image. But when God came down in the form of man by Jesus Christ to redeem that the man that fell from the image of the earth, he was made in the image of the earth. He made himself a body. First he made himself in King Theophony in the in the form of man that was coming in the future. Now he makes himself in a fleshly body &gt;&gt; of earth. There is no limit to God's love for us. There is no limit to his there's no uh place he cannot reach. And and we know he he doesn't even stop there. After Calvary, he goes right down into hell. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; His purpose was to take away man's guilt of sin and bring something new to man. Something new which never occurred before. the Holy Ghost in a new way to bring restoration. What has to happen is like Adam, right? Let's go to the next slide. There he's on Calvary. He died. Brother man said when they cut his side, it was symbolic of water, blood, and spirit which constitutes a birth. He said that's where the church was born. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What's the church? the feminine attribute. The same way Adam was laid to rest and took out of his side the feminine attribute to produce the female of his connection of his being. He takes out the feminine attribute and the sewer goes forth to sew seeds. The Holy Ghost goes out to bring forth the feminist attribute over 2,000 years of church ages. The same fountain of seven colors. Those attributes from those seven colors is draw human beings are drawing from the divine nature. Add to your faith, virtue, virtue of knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness. Add to it the seven colors, the natures of man that were taken from him when he fell. He now sends us the dispensation of the Holy Ghost to bring forth spoken word. That is necessary. And how is he sending his spoken word? Seven stars in his right hand. Seven angels. Angels were purposed to bring the word. He could see they were going to be necessary, right? And then we said when he when he does this, man is born again of the word and theophony body begins to grow in heaven. You are here on earth in a fallen form, right? But because you believe in the word that he sent because of Calvary, because of the Holy Ghost, because of the token, because the blood cell was broken, because the life was coming out and the word was coming out in spoken word form, you now receive that. You receive a new birth and theophony begins to grow in heaven. &gt;&gt; We read this last week. While the spiritual birth is growing in your heart of God, there is a physical or celestial body growing to receive your spirit. When the life leaves this body, it goes to that body. Glory to God. Which brings us to part two of the redemption process. The first part was the first coming. What is the second coming? Amen. So the second coming of the son of man to unite the word body and the human vessel. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The human vessel had been living in sin. He brought the Holy Ghost to bring the human body, the the sinful vessel back to being filled with the feminist nature. building up the church. He gave himself for the church that he might present her to himself without blame, without blemish, without spot, without wrinkle. The first coming, he died so that the feminist attribute could be manifested on this earth again. But the second coming is to unite the masculine and feminine. Then bringing the unity that's bringing the completion of Genesis 5:1 that in the beginning he created them male and female created them and called their name Adam. Redemption comes in two parts the first coming the second coming. Calvary and in this time he brings back the masculine attribute. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The masculine attribute of the logos returns to earth as king theophony and makes him. So his first coming brought the feminist attribute. The second coming brings the masculine which is why it is the coming of Christ and he does it through the son of man. He's now in this day vindicating the masculine word that would cap the feminine &gt;&gt; that has been manifest. The feminine has been manifest through the ages. She operated as the church. There was signs, wonders, there was healing. There was uh prophecies. There was discernment. There was the word being preached by the seven angels. There were all kinds of things related to the church. There was baptisms. There was communion. There was washing of feet. There was all kinds of ordinances. They were all feminist attributes. There was worship towards him. But yet you still were not connected with him. He sent you a witness, the Holy Ghost, to make those attributes, that feminine attribute become alive in you, waiting for the time that the masculine attribute should return in the message proving his word. Um, oh, before we get there, this is what this is. This is what 963 February 28th is. &gt;&gt; It is the masculine attribute returning. It is king Theophony the capstone the the scientist said made itself visible for 28 minutes which is about the space of half an hour which is the seventh seal the first fold of the seventh seal. He made himself visible for what? For a prophet on earth to know that is a vindication that the seventh seal is to be opened. &gt;&gt; What is the seventh seal all about? The seventh seal brings him back to earth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We don't need him to come back to earth like 2,000 years ago cuz there's no need to bring the feminist attribute him in the form of flesh. He now is to come as king theophony to cap the fleshly body that is on earth. &gt;&gt; Proving his word. Do you see what I mean? It's son of man Jesus Christ will come down in human flesh among us and will make his word so real it unite the church and him as one. So what the masculine attribute would come down and show himself united with a prophet on earth to reveal the word of himself. That's what son of man ministry is. And then she'll go home to the wedding supper. She's already united. We go to the wedding supper all self all the flesh of mighty men cause the marriage of the lamb has come but the rapture is going to the wedding supper when the word here there it is unites with the person they two become one and then what does it do then it manifests the son of man again not the church theologians the son of man which means who is the bride the bride is going to be the full manifestation of the son of man &gt;&gt; the bride will be the revealing of the son of man. Brother Benam was only the first fruits of that. This would be today the full redemption of man coming back to the original purpose. This coming is before the translation. &gt;&gt; This coming is before what you call the rapture, the transfiguration, the change of bodies from this state that we were lost in to the state that has been restored to us. Which means the coming we ought to have been looking for is the word himself, not Jesus Christ from 2,000 years ago. &gt;&gt; See, because we believe he came and released the feminine attribute, and we're waiting to be united with the masculine. That's what we're looking for. &gt;&gt; The coming of this full word will do two things. It will reveal the gene seed in you, the nature of the person you are meant to be. And number two, it will unite the theophony with the human vessel. &gt;&gt; Because who does he come with in the seventh seal? Your theophonyies. &gt;&gt; He makes that dimension real to you. Have you heard from your theophony yet? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This will bring on the rapture which is the process of taking you into translation. How does this happen? Why does this happen? What is the gene seed attribute? The father. What is theophony? The word. What is the human being? The vessel. And it all comes together. The Godhead living in the vessel. &gt;&gt; When the vessel by free will today believes the word and accepts it, the father, the word unite, making it God again. &gt;&gt; But the vessel is not the perfect vessel. You say, being conceived of sexual desire, it will dissolve. &gt;&gt; Yes. When this house of this tabernacle be dissolved, that means there's a promise that the vessel will become new for the millennium, not born of a woman, but spoken into existence by King Theophony again. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. It doesn't have to fly off somewhere. It's dissolved. That means it remains in the state of theophony waiting for the millennium where the body then is spoken into existence and you receive glorified condition. Saints, here's a quote from the oneness of God. Now, don't you see the great picture? We in flesh are different. We're like a byproduct of a created being by holy wedlock, but in spirit, we are sons and daughters, not some other spirit, but the spirit of the living God. We are in his likeness, in unity, in the perfect image of the living God. Because we become sons and daughters, not separated by the same spirit, the same God, the same person, joined in wedlock to the eternal. See how God planed that we should not be, we should be not a different but him. &gt;&gt; Not some other being of some other tribe, but a real union, an offspring of the almighty done by a holy union. Now the body comes from mother and father, but the spirit come from God. God separating himself as Adam was separated. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; That's the word of the message. &gt;&gt; Nominal Christianity does not give you that. Amen. &gt;&gt; There is no other ideology or thought on this earth that tells you you can be worthy to be the final manifestation of God and that you are not required to be some blind worshipper, some bow downer. &gt;&gt; You are supposed to be him in the character that he meant for you to be. &gt;&gt; So who is man? He was made to be the last unfolding of God. the last expressed attributes of the revelation of who God is. He is the vessel in which God can be properly known within time. &gt;&gt; Not angels, &gt;&gt; not lions, not elephants, not anything else. Man is the vessel through which God and all these attributes can be known in each one of you is a different attribute. &gt;&gt; So let's talk about you as we close. Okay, I'm going to read something. Brother Ram said, "If you ever was or ever will be in heaven, you was in heaven to start with. &gt;&gt; You're a part of God. You were his thought. He knew your name. He knew who you were before there was a molecule." &gt;&gt; Your mind going back to the fountain of life. And when King Theophony, you were there, right? Before there was a light, before there was anything, he knew you and your name. If you go to the next slide there, little children, that one little dot is you. Each one of you can choose one little dot in there. Each one of you sitting here, one of those attributes is you. And just like he did with the universe where he took a clinker off the main leg and threw it and let it go in time and he said stop. There's an attribute. Brother Ram said unless that germ of life was fore orained in you to be a son or daughter of God, you'll grow up deformed something but never be a real true son and daughter of God. In the message modern events made clear by prophecy paragraph 76 he said you're a gene of your father and you were in your father yet your father had no fellowship with you because you was in there but he you knew it not he knew it not and you were manifested that you might that he might fellowship with you and you being born again you're born of eternal life I want to get to par 77 then if you are son of God or daughter of God you are God all the time &gt;&gt; amen Amen. &gt;&gt; But he knew here it is what bed and time that you would be planted. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. Young children Sunday school. God could see you were going to be born in 2016, 2017, 2019. God could see you were born in 2000, 2005, 2010. He could see when this vessel was going to be born and he knew which seed to stop in time and say there it is. He knew that vessel would match this attribute. How did he know? Cuz he knows the future. He knows all things. He could select a vessel by the attribute. &gt;&gt; Right? So now you're made a creature, a son of God, manifested son or daughter of God to meet the challenge of the hour to vindicate the true and living God at this hour. The message that's coming forth in this day. So here it is. You were in him before the foundation of the world. Because Adam sinned, you were not able to come to the offhony first. You bypassed your theophony and you came straight to the body of flesh. But he saw in time the body of flesh coming. He let the attribute go and said, "Stop." When you were born, that's where you rest. He had to become Jesus Christ to bring your attribute to earth, your spiritual feminist attribute that was in him. He died like Adam, his side open to bring out the church. He sent seven stars, seven angels in his right hand through church ages to send forth the attribute. Not attributes that there were attributes that fell away. Not attributes that fell away. Those who were not attributes fell away, but those who were were sealed away. &gt;&gt; Amen. You were born in time. Th this is the reality. You who I'm speaking to in 2025, you were born under the last star, &gt;&gt; the seventh star in his right hand. &gt;&gt; You come under that word. That word was sent forth. Those attributes under that seal found you &gt;&gt; when you were born through your mom and your dad and settled inside you. You didn't know the attribute was in there. Amen. He placed it there by his election, but you didn't know it all your life. Why did he choose me, brother Alistister? Why me? Why in this time? Am I better than somebody else? Am I better than Charlie Kirk? Am I better than some other person? Do I do more than than them? Do I do more than some great philanthropist? Why did he choose me? There's only one reason. He knows that you in this time will not deviate from his purpose. &gt;&gt; Somehow or the other, he knows you'll have many mistakes, but for some reason, you will battle it out. You will struggle it out. You will fight it out. You will go through the hassles. You will go through the trials. But you will find his perfect will. And in the end, you will choose his will over your own. That's the only reason. You're not better than somebody else. You're not better than anything else in this world, but for some reason, you will choose his will and not your own. He knows that. I am resting on that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That he knew I will make the choice in the end time. He placed it there by his election. You ask how did he know? He only knows that one thing. The attribute. You would do wrong things. You would go into drugs. You would smoke. You would commit adultery. You would fall. You would backslide. But in the end, you would make the choice that I will choose his will and not my own. I will falter. I will fall away. I will backslide. I will get up again. I will fight the systems of this world. But in the end, I will choose his will because there's something inside responding to the masculine word. And that feminine attribute can only respond to that one. And he's leading you to that all this life. Every choice, every mishap, every failure, every falling, he's leading you to there. Family will fall away, cousins will fall away, a wife, husband, children will will forsake you. Through all the hardships that everyone else will give up on, you will not. He has seen it. He will not let his attribute fall somewhere and it will return void. That will never happen because the beginning was where they deviated from his purpose. Why do we talk about purpose today? Because that's what it takes in the end time. He's going to reveal that purpose to you. And you will not say to him, "Lord, there's a better way. There's another way. I I can you will receive the revelation. You'll believe the revelation. You will stay true to it. That's the reason he chose you in this day. He comes down with your theophony in the opening of the seventh seal which is right nearby you in a dimension you cannot see but it is there. It's influence is there. Its power is there. That's how you know there's a deep calling and a deep responding. &gt;&gt; One day when your faith has reached its fullness, your eyes will be open to that by revelation and of who he is. When your eyes are open, the revelation of who he is, the masculine attribute, you will see who you are. By knowing who he is, you will know what man is. You will believe what man is. Amen. That God became man so that man can become God. Amen. And one day that word body, you will see it. Your eyes will be open to that dimension and you will drop this robe of flesh which was born in time and you will take up that theophony that is waiting for you and you will return again someday for the millennium to pick up a new body of flesh. Be like Adam was in the beginning. There are many others who have passed on and are waiting for you. They're rejoicing. They're not feeling delayed. They're not living in sorrow or with no hope. They're not asking you to hurry up because time doesn't exist there. But they are waiting for you because it has been revealed to them in that dimension. He revealed to them you cannot be complete without them. &gt;&gt; They have to come to the marriage. They have to make the choice. They have to bring back the victory that was lost there in the garden of Eden and right there before the foundation of the world back in that dimension where the first uh uh time where free will chose against God's will. &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. &gt;&gt; Saints, they are waiting for us. Amen. &gt;&gt; And it's real. It's as real as can be. I'm going to close. I'm going to tell you one more thing. This beautiful quote from Christ is the mystery of God revealed. It's not there on the screen. I'm going to read it for you. Lucifer is still working in these last days. &gt;&gt; Notice paragraph 548. In his last days, Lucifer is doing the same thing. Can you see it? Congregation says, "Amen." The devil doing the same thing. Building up a hybrid church. Like God is bringing a church through the feminist attribute. He's bringing up a hybrid church, right? Building up a hybrid church by hybrid knowledge instead of the word. By intellectual men instead of born again men. Building an intellectual kingdom that will outshine Christ's little bitty flock. What is it that did that? Fallen angels. The Bible said it was fallen angels who listened to Lucifer instead of Christ. Who they once belonged to. Is that right? of 550. Now listen close. Fallen angels. What kind of angels? Luther, Wesley, Catholic, Pentecostals. Pentecostals who kept not their first estate like the angels did &gt;&gt; and has fell to organization like Lucifer main hold at Nika. what they have done organized create ecumenical association of ministers to make an image to the beast as the Bible said and building a Christian economy that'll close the doors of this church and others like it see Lucifer at work. I'm trying to bring you to the three-fold revelation of the mystery of God. What did they do? They sold out to reasonings of wisdom and education like Eve did. Fallen angels did. Wesley was a man of God. But what followed him? Fallen angels got into it. &gt;&gt; What was the angels first? Creative beings of God. But fell for Lucifer's wisdom. And you see what hap what they become fallen angels and organizations from men of God who was went forth to establish truths in the earth before their truth could go on and proclamate and get on the revelation of Christ fallen angels come in and took it over and made denominations out of it. That's the reason the revelation of the seventh seal mystery had to be unfolded. Now you see what they left off. If Luther would have went on, if it had been here, if Wes would have went on, if Pentecost would have went on, what they had done. So God had to cut them short. He said Pentecostals left their first estate &gt;&gt; just like the fallen angels did. Now there's only one thing can happen. There has to be a message at the end time. There's nothing else can follow it. Now the ecumenical world has set up a regime that there can be no denomination and know nothing else to follow it. They're either in it or they're not in it. The fruit is on the top of the tree. The light is shining on the predestinated fruit. She is ripening into Christlike fruit bringing forth the same melaninous sweetness and the same spirit that he had in him. Hope you see it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Saints, &gt;&gt; the seventh seal is open. &gt;&gt; The masculine has come down and shown you he can tabernacle in flesh. &gt;&gt; The mis that mystery is revealed to you. You're not going to accept Pentecostal doctrine. You're not going to accept any other doctrine. That's you're safe from that. Fallen angels have got no power in the word anymore because the masculine has come down. Right? This is the problem. Lucifer has one final play. What is your trial today? You don't have a word trial. You don't have a problem. There's nobody going to come tell you the seventh seal is not open and and sway you. There's nobody going to come to you and tell you William is a false prophet and sway you. There's nobody going to come to you and tell you serpent seal is not real. This is not or give you some other word. The seven seal is open. The masculine nature's been revealed. You know the word. What else can Lucifer do? There's one play he has that he has never done before. He is offering you a new Eden. He's never done that before. He's never had an Eden to offer you before. &gt;&gt; Nothing else. The trial of this day. Lucifer cannot beat the open book with misinterpretation. We have the answer to the devil's question. We've got him beat on that. He tried the manifestation with Christ. He said, "Bow unto me. I'll give you the kingdoms of the earth." Said to him, "Stand behind me, Satan. Don't you know?" He knew that when the seventh trumpet is blown, the kingdoms of the the earth would become the kingdoms of the Christ and Christ and the bride. He said, "Right." But there's something else he's been building up. Brother Brandham priested. He's created Satan's Eden. &gt;&gt; He can't take you away from the masculine. He's offering you a new Eden, &gt;&gt; a new world. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; A more comfortable life, &gt;&gt; a different way to live, a way to manipulate God's word so you can make a better earthly life in his Eden, that you would enjoy his Eden. This is going to crumble. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; you try. You take your your excursions through this life, your careers, your your money, your homes, your cars, it's coming to crumbling &gt;&gt; because this Eden cannot survive. &gt;&gt; There's this the third fold of the mystery is Adam and Eve going &gt;&gt; back to Eden. &gt;&gt; His last plague is to produce an Eden that will attract you away from your original plan. &gt;&gt; And that's your trial today. That's your purpose today is to fight that. This is not my purpose. This is not my home. I'm not going to fight to keep this life alive. I have to look to the life that is beyond this. &gt;&gt; There is an Eden waiting for me. There is a life waiting for me beyond the grave, beyond this life, beyond this flesh. There is a millennium coming where both masculine and feminine attribute will be made known. We'll be one. We'll be in marriage. There will be my masculine nature, my feminist nature manifested in myself and my wife in the millennium. There will be our children. You will plant and another shall not eat of it. You will build and another shall not live in it. There will be an economy that is beyond this Eden economy. That's your trap. That's where you are right now. This is the story of God and man. This is the last leg of the journey. According to him, all things have been done. If Christ availed, if all the messengers did their duty, if all those that are gone before us have fulfilled their purpose, we will fulfill ours. &gt;&gt; The Lord bless you. Let's bow our heads together.
