################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-13 - The Throne Of God P1 - Where He Chooses to Place His Name - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-13
Title:    The Throne Of God P1 - Where He Chooses to Place His Name
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sx2RmW17NxM
========================================

Description:
The Throne Of God P1 - Where He Chooses to Place His Name is a Bible study focusing on the theological concepts of the Throne of God and the significance of the location God chose to place His Name.

Does God have a chair in the skies where He sits on every time?
This Serie on the Throne Of God are going to give us the True meaning of The Throne Of God. We will understand the plan of God about where He is Dwelling.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Greetings, brothers and sisters, in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Good to be with you once again, sharing the word of the Lord. We're beginning a new series, the throne of God. And uh it's quite um I wouldn't say coincidental. I hope it's not, but I know our Sunday school has been dealing with this. And I find this an amazing uh series to do following the seals and the thunders because this brings a much better personal understanding to the word. So, we're going to take a few more Sundays looking into this. I know I've had this request to do this uh series some time ago and we'll take for an introduction um a statement where he chooses to place his name. So that's our title and we'll begin our reading from Hebrews chapter 12 and verse two. The Bible says, "Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and he sat down at the right hand of the throne of God." sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. All right. So, I know we um finished off a series on the thunders and um for some it might seem like an abrupt ending. You might even feel like, well, he didn't tell us what the thunders are. Well, if you did feel that way, then you probably were not listening well enough. But let's understand that these seven thunders are something that's got to be revealed to you personally. and we've uh explained as much as we could on it and it's endless what we can do with the the little time that we have with the message. Um it's never going to end the unfolding of the word to us. So this series that we're going to do is going to reveal more about those thunders to you. uh the Wednesday series that we are doing is going to reveal more. In fact, when we get to the end of the um types and shadows series, um I think our very last so uh services on that one is going to be uh something that will really seal it on what the thunders really are. So, we're looking forward to that. So, uh the throne of God, it's uh we're going to talk a little bit. We're going to um discuss this uh and set a good platform, a good introduction for what the series is going to be. And we're going to dispel a lot of uh fake belief. We're going to um uncover a lot of falsities that have been taught to us. And to properly understand this, you really have to look deep into yourself and have humility to remove all the things that you used to believe before. And I trust that you're going to see that once you do that, you're going to open your eyes to a completely different dimension. And that's the beautiful part of uh the this series which we can tell you uh the understanding is revealed to us but only because the seven seals have been opened to us. So this scripture Hebrews 12:2 uh and I want to focus on that last phrase that says set down at the right hand of the throne of God. Now because of many scriptures like these and pictures drawn by artists there are numerous pictures all kinds you just have to search on the internet for throne of God and you will see the most amazing pictures um most people in this world both Christian and non-Christian have developed some idea of the throne of God especially from pictures that are drawn and uh from the way evangelical preachers preach and of course more than anything uh on the things the Catholic Church taught in the early um times of the dark ages. So people perceive that God sits in the heavens above that is in the universe somewhere on a great chairlike throne that is made of bright and shining light and that that's where he rules from. But this is absolutely not true. This is carnality. This is carnal thinking. It is not true. It never ever has been true. God has a throne. That's true. He desires to rule his people. That's true. But not the way we perceive it as a carnal man rules kingdoms. To begin to understand the throne of God, we have to study the scriptures and first understand whether God actually needed a place of ruling or a throne as we know it. So I've got to ask you that question. If God is God as we know him to be, why does he need a throne? And does he sit there all the time? [clears throat] Does he not move from there? Because this is all Roman and Grecian folklore and uh fables and myths. Why does God need a throne, a big chair to sit on, to rule from? Another question, why does God need to rule? According to everything we know of God, there's no reason for him to rule from a throne. He's created everything. He can see the beginning from the ending. There's nothing he needs to control because he's placed the nature of things in everything that he's created and everything that he's created will do exactly what it was meant to do. So by saying that God has to rule, what we are essentially saying is that things get out of hand and he has to keep stepping in to control it. Right? And that would be why he would need a throne. So if he has a throne in the universe somewhere, what we're saying is that the universe is has the ability to to step out of order and you know um and then he has to uh I don't know do things to bring it back into order. And you can see how silly that sounds because that's not the nature of God at all. So to begin to understand the throne of God, we've got to study the scriptures. Maybe it was something this idea of the throne, maybe it was something the religious leaders just made up to scare us. We need to know or else we could never truly know how to approach God. Now, we know that in Eden there was no visible throne. Adam never spoke of seeing a throne. There's no visible throne that Adam um or or that Adam, you know, had to do anything extra special to talk with God. There's there was no evidence of Adam having to bring a sacrifice or uh having to approach a certain place or a place of light. Nothing. God did not even seem to rule Adam in a sense of rule. God didn't have to uh be warding him here and there. He just set him in the garden by in a sense of telling him what to do. It just simply means that the nature was placed into Adam and Adam had to manifest that nature. But God seemed not to be separated from his son even though he didn't rule him. What the book of Genesis does show us is that he was not separated from his son while Adam was living on earth before the fall. So this either meant that there was no throne as we know it or Adam himself was very much a part of God because God would come and walk in inverted commas with Adam in the cool of the day. We know God was a spirit and and a spirit doesn't literally walk on two legs. So walk with Adam in the cool of the day. And now who can rightly know exactly what that meant from Adam right through to Abraham through Isaac and Jacob? We still do not hear of any place of ruling or throne. None of those great patriarchs said they saw the throne of God or they had visions of uh you know bright shining light and God sitting in a chair or angels all around him. Nothing of the sort. We do not see or hear of any place of ruling or throne until Moses. And that's where our study begins. we have to go to the book of Exodus chapter 25 and and verse 22 and also verse 43 uh chapter 29:43 and chapter 26:30 we're going to read those three scriptures but for a subtitle now of the next section of our study I'm going to I'm going to say this what we have to see is a tabernacle a prophet and a priesthood all right a tabernacle a prophet and a priesthood very important Important thing for us to notice Exodus 25:22 the Lord saying there I will meet with thee and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat from between the two cherubams which are upon the ark of the testimony of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel. Exodus 29:43 and there I will meet with the children of Israel and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory. Exodus 26:30, "And thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed thee in the mount." All right. So God asked Moses during the wilderness walk to construct a three court structure in which he had to set many things in order. So I've drawn a diagram for you. So, uh, what I would like you to do is if you could now take that diagram, uh, if you're following it in the notes or I sent it on your WhatsApp and if you open up the diagram, I want you to look at at it so that the most holy place is to the top of the page or north and the entrance to the outer court is south. So if you look at that diagram, what you're seeing is three chords, an outer court, an inner court, and a most holy place. Now when you look at this diagram, you also notice by a keen eye that there are three courts and there are seven um pieces of furniture or articles that make up um a part of this an important part of this uh tabernacle of Moses. So starting from the outside going in as you enter the outer court you see there's a four square brazen altar of sacrifice. Brazen meaning it's made of brass. Now you'll notice the there are two items in the outer court. A brazen altar and a brazen labor. The brazen labor sat at the door just outside the door of the inner court. And that was a labor or like a dish made of brass. And it had sanctified water that was in there. And the priests had to wash themselves with water, wash their hands and their feet before entering in. And the high priest had to be washed there at the labor uh from head to foot by the prophet. Then as you enter into the inner court, you will notice there on your left is the uh seven golden candlesticks and on the right of the inner court the table of showbread and then towards the end just before the veil you will see the altar of incense. So on the table of showbread were 12 loaves of shoebre and uh the altar of incense of course would have burning hot coals in it upon which the ointment was um or the the the the perfume to create the smoke was put in. And then you have the veil which was a heavy very heavy set of badger skins in Solomon's temple. was so heavy they actually needed teams of oxen to pull it. That's how much they wanted it sealed. But here in the tabernacle of Moses, it was a tabernac it was a veil of badger skins. When you went beyond that veil of badger skins, there are two articles or pieces of furniture in the most holy place. And that was the ark of the testimony. And the ark of course was uh a box made of wood overlaid with gold. And inside the box was placed the ten commandments, the books, and above that was placed a seat called a mercy seat. And the mercy seat was made of gold. And on top of that were crafted cherubams that were facing each other. Cherubams are um angels or menl lookinging angels with wings, two wings which um two cover their eyes and two or or each each cherubam had a wing covering his eye and another wing covering the view to the mercy seat and uh they were facing each other. And then the last um article was the golden pot of mana which was brought in after the first mana fell. So three quarts uh and three dimensions to this this tabernacle and seven pieces of furniture in there. So very important to notice the pattern. Right? So God asked Moses during this wilderness walk to construct this three court structure in which he had to set many things in order as in Exodus 25:22 he told Moses that he would only meet with him personally at the ark of the testimony. Do you see that says I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat from between the two cherubams. So, so the shakina of glory would come down and rest between the cherubams. Moses would have to be in the most holy place standing before that and God would meet him there. Now, why would this happen? Because they' now left Mount Si and God needed a place of meeting with Moses and this is where he would meet with him where he was hidden from the public. Right? So he said he would meet with the people at the tabernacle. You'll see there in Exodus 29:43, he said he would meet with the children of Israel at the tabernacle. So that the the people could not get into the most holy place. They would come into the outer court or around the tabernacle and the the cloud would descend upon the tabernacle. So also it seemed that God showed Moses a vision of some kind in verse 43 or rather verse 30 of Exodus 26. He said you will build or rear up the tabernacle. You'll build the tabernacle according to the fashion which was showed thee in the mount. So it's like God gave him a vision of some kind uh of the design of the tabernacle. This tells us that God was particular about the order of this building. And we've got to ask ourselves why was he particular? Why so particular? Set out three courts. Uh and he was particular about how the outer court was built, how each u uh stick of gold was used or stick of brass or how each each piece of furniture was built to the detail. So Moses built it and the people worshiped God only here. They were not allowed to worship anywhere. Wherever they went in the wilderness, uh they could not stop at some tree and pray to him. They could not stop anywhere. They had to be here at this tabernacle. And wherever they went in the wilderness and it was time to cross over Jordan for Moses ministry to end, um Moses built it. The people worshiped God only here, right? And when they reached across Jordan, they had to bring this tabernacle to a place of course we know called Shiloh. Now notice in the wilderness, God's throne was the tabernacle wherein the ark was kept. Now this is the fascinating part right here was the tabernacle but his godhead or how he chooses to reveal himself. That's what Godhead is. How he chooses to reveal himself. Okay. So, here's a tabernacle, right? But how he chooses to reveal himself was made up of a pillar of fire, a pillar of cloud, Moses, Aaron, and the priesthood. Right? Five things here. Pillar of fire which descended into the most holy place. a pillar of cloud which covered the entire tabernacle, particularly the door of the tabernacle. When Moses was inside, the cloud descended to cover the door and the the pillar of fire was inside the most holy place. So from the tabernacle, it's what I'm trying to say to you is you have this tabernacle which is a thing that does not move. It's just it's planted there. It's it's standing there put together. Nothing moves, right? It's like uh a functioning thing with unmoving uh objects. But what makes this tabernacle alive is the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud, Moses, Aaron the high priest, and the priests, the Levitical priests that move within. So that what we find if you can imagine it as if you are you have a bird's eyee view of this tabernacle the moving pieces are the pillar of fire pillar of cloud Moses Aaron and the priesthood that's the godhead of this tabernacle so notice this pattern how beautiful it is right a tabernacle or rather uh a tabernacle a prophet and a priesthood. Now, we're going to look at a tabernacle, a high priest, and a priesthood. Deuteronomy 12:10-14 says, "When you go over Jordan, dwell in the land which the Lord your God giveth you to inherit, and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about, so that you dwell in safety. Then there shall be a place which the Lord your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there. Saints, focus on those words. There shall be a place which the Lord your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there. Fither shall you bring all that I command you, your burnt offerings, your sacrifices, your tithes, and the heave offering of your hand, and all your choice vows which you vow unto the Lord. And you shall rejoice before the Lord your God, ye and your sons and your daughters, and your men's servants, and your maid servants, and the Levite that is within your gate. For as much as he hath no part, nor inheritance with you. Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in every place that thou seeest, but in the place which the Lord shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee. So God was going to choose a permanent place in the land of Israel. Now that the children of Israel were no longer traveling. So this scripture, so notice in the wilderness on the move, it was a tabernacle, a prophet, and a priesthood. When you get into the promised land, there's no more a prophet. There's a tabernacle, a high priest, and a priesthood. Right? That is they get to Shiloh. The tabernacle is set up in Shiloh. That was the place God chose to place his name. Right? It remained until Jerusalem was built and David's kingdom was set up. Right? Now, they were instructed to worship or sacrifice nowhere else. Verse 13 and 14 says, "Don't even think about offering burnt offerings in any place that you see it." This is the only place, Shiloh. That's the place the Lord has chosen to place his name to cause his name to dwell. And this is going to be chosen among one of the tribes uh or or or one of the land of one of the or the land of one of the tribes. And that's where I'm going to set up this tabernacle and that's where you're going to offer your offering. That place chosen of God was called Shiloh and it remained until Jerusalem was built and David's kingdom was set up. But for the time being, the throne was the tabernacle in Shiloh, wherein the ark was kept, and the godhead now was made up of the high priest and the priesthood until Shiloh became tainted by a corrupt godhead. If you can remember, um, by the time Eli came in and, uh, then God had brought in another major prophet, which was Samuel, to set up a new throne. and godhead. He brings back a prophet to create to bring back a new godhead. Right? And then Samuel eventually anoints David. So watch how the Godhead is changing having the same tabernacle. Amen. So now you have uh under David he desires to create or to build a temple. He desires to move the the throne of God away from Shiloh and he wants to build a temple. Of course, God stops David and allows Solomon to build the temple in Jerusalem. Now, watch what happens. So, the throne of God now on earth becomes a temple, a city, a king, prophets, and a priesthood. Let's read 2 Chronicles 6 1-11. Then said Solomon, the Lord had said that he would dwell in the thick darkness, but I have built a house. Now, the Lord dwell in thick darkness. What does that mean? That doesn't mean God lives in darkness. That means God lives in a place that is unknown, unrevealed. Uh a place where he is too mysterious to be known. Verse two, but I have built an house of habitation for thee, a place for thy dwelling forever. And the king turned his face and blessed the whole congregation of Israel. All the congregation of Israel stood. And he said, "Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, who his who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David, saying, Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt, I chose no city." Notice that I chose no city. right since the time that he came out of Egypt. In other words, S Solomon is saying, but now he's choosing a city. And we'll read that. I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in that my name might be there. Neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel. But verse six, I have chosen Jerusalem that my name might be there and have chosen David to be over my people. So Solomon is showing how the throne is moving, how it is changing from a tabernacle in the wilderness to one at Shiloh. And now God has chosen a city, Jerusalem, and a lineage of David. Verse 7. Now it was in the heart of David my father, I'm reading, to build an house for the name of the Lord God of Israel. But the Lord said to David my father, for as much as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name, thou did well in that it was in thine heart, notwithstanding, thou shalt not build a house, but thy son shall come forth out of thy loins, and he shall build a house for my name. The Lord therefore had performed his word that he had spoken. For I am risen up in the room of David my father. This is Solomon saying, I am come up in the place of my father David. And I'm set on the throne of Israel as the Lord promised and have built the house for the name of the Lord God of Israel. And in it I have put the ark wherein is the covenant of the Lord that he had made with the children of Israel. So the spirit of God saints rested here for many years. God ordained a new priesthood and new worship. The throne was now the temple of Solomon. And the Godhead was made up of the kingdom of Judah, which is the lineage of David. The priesthood and minor prophets that were to guide the lineage of David, right? How do we know this? you know that David himself actually went into this this uh tabernacle where prior to that no son of Judah was able to go into the tabernacle and eat the showbread. So you find that it was this throne itself was changing because now it was it moved past a prophet and priesthood uh [clears throat] in Shiloh. It moved from a high priest and a priesthood. Now it's a city Jerusalem, a temple, a king and prophets, right? High priests and prophets. So it's it's changing. The throne was the temple of Solomon and the Godhead was now changed. Now first Kings 9 and3 and the Lord said unto him um I have heard thy prayer and thy supplication that thou was made before me. I have hallowed this house. Hallowed means I have made it holy. That means I've sanctified it. That means I've consecrated it. And that means I have set I have agreed I've sanctioned I've set this house aside for my purpose. So I have hallowed this house which thou hast built to put my name there forever. Now forever is not eternity. Forever means a very long period of time. and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually. So it seemed God was pleased with this house that Solomon built. He said such words to Solomon to show that his spirit would remain here for a long time. Amen. First Kings 11:36. and unto his son will I give one tribe that David my servant may have a light always before me in Jerusalem the city which I have chosen to put my name there. So we're reading these scriptures to show you that God uh made this this tabernacle in the wilderness uh to put his name there. And we we've got to understand what that means. What does it mean that God put his name there? All right. So now he he says in first kings 11:36, I've chosen Jerusalem, the city which I have chosen to put my name there. So he was also pleased to make Jerusalem visible to the world that it was the city of the one true God. Many people of that day saw the power of God in Jerusalem. And therefore we've had so many wars over Jerusalem. We've had the Muslims, the Christians, and the Jewish people constantly fighting for hundreds of years over Jerusalem. Overthrowing it, burning it down, taking over it, you know, constantly for the last, well, several hundred years. That's what's been going on in Jerusalem. So, let's read Nehemiah 1 and:9. But if you turn unto me and keep my commandments and do them, though they were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from then, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there. So God hallowed or sanctified Solomon's temple as the place of rulership. That means God made a public show to state that he set aside that place for his service. By doing this, he also hallowed Jerusalem as his holy city. This is why all worshippers of Israel had to travel to the holy city to make sacrifices uh pil which they call pilgrimages. And in fact, for many Christians, they believe they've got to make pilgrimages to Jerusalem. Now, when they were in captivity to Babylon, he promised to gather the people back to where his name was. Right? So, here's the understanding. What did it mean where his name was? Now, I've dealt with this several times in different series, so a lot of you may know what this means. So the name of God for any day is the true revelation or the knowledge of God for that day. So I want to tell you for those of you who have never uh heard me speak on this before, the name of God is not Jehovah or Jesus or Elohim or El Shadai. Those are Jewish words. Jesus is a Jewish word. There's a revelation of that, right? Jesus means Jehovah savior. Jehovah means God dwelling with his people. El Shadai means the breasted one or the nourisher or almighty God. Elohim, the self-existing one. Ela Elohim. Uh, Elohim was not even a Jewish word. Elohim was a Canaanite word. Elohim is the plural of God. It means gods. Um, and so when Abraham got to Canaan, he heard the Canaanites using the word Elohim for their gods. So that's where it came from. And and he adopted the Canaanite language. And there therefore we've got this word Elohim. But God doesn't need a singular name or two names or three names. Jehovah is not the name of the father. And yet we know it is. But that doesn't mean the father has one name. If that was so, he would have told Moses at the burning bush, "My name is Elohim." But he said, "I am that I am." What does that mean? Right? So when we talk about the name of God and when when God says the place where I want to where I choose to place my name. Right? So this is important. The name of God is the revelation or the knowledge of God for that day. So when he says uh I will choose a place to to place where my name can dwell what God is essentially saying is I am going to choose a place from where I can reveal myself where I can make myself known from right so that's what a throne is a throne is a place where God's name can be identified where where the revelation of who God is can be seen, can be understood, where the revelation of God for that day can be known. Right? So Solomon's temple lasted only until that godhead started becoming corrupted again. Right? So what we're saying is you have a tabernacle in the wilderness. The Godhead of their tabernacle is responsible for revealing the nature of God, the purpose of God, the the the reputation of God for that time. Who God is to the people for that time. And who God was to the people in the wilderness was revealed by the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud, Moses, Aaron, and the priesthood. They were that was the components of the godhead of that tabernacle. Right? So that's what the godhead is. The godhead is that which reveals who god is in that specific time. So Solomon's temple lasted only until the godhead of Solomon's temple started becoming corrupt. Now this time each king remember Solomon's temple operated by a king a king priesthood and minor prophets. Now this time each king began to become increasingly evil which which shows us and many many times even the high priest became evil. You remember in the time of David, Abia the high priest began to rebel against David when he wanted Solomon to to become uh king. Abia was uh plotting to have Adonijah become king. So the priesthoods um the kings the prophets they all became a lot of them became evil and they compromised the holiness of the city and the temple. So for this cause God allowed Jerusalem and that temple to fall into the hands of men. He now had to move his name to a place where it could no longer be corrupted by a carnal godhead. Right? Understand? So let's read 2 Chronicles 6 and verse 5. He says, "Since the since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt, I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in that my name might be there. Neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people. He was saying until David. So now neither chose I any man to be a ruler. Can you see that ruler throne kingdom? So now let's talk about a man. We're moving away from tabernacle in the wilderness, tabernacle at Shiloh, temple of Solomon, and now it moves to a man. When the kings failed, Jerusalem in captivity uh went to captivity to heathens. The temple was desecrated by a corrupted, divided priesthood. God had to place his name elsewhere. All right? So how do we know this? John 5:43 this is Christ saying I come in my father's name. Now what does that mean? Does that mean mean the father's name is Jesus? His the son's name was Jesus. But what was Jesus saying by that statement? I come in my father's name. Right? He said I come in my father's name and you receive me not. If another shall come in his own name, him you will receive. So God chose to place his name in a man called Jesus Christ. Everything in the New Testament by the example of Christ shows us that a man can be the temple of God, the tabernacle of God, and the Godhead can be revealed in that man. So in other words, by Christ standing there, he showed us that every man can be a tabernacle and the Godhead would have to be with that tabernacle to show that God's name is placed there. Amen. And amen. Notice the scriptures. John the Baptist points out the tabernacle, the vessel. He says, "Behold the lamb of God." That's a public declaration. The prophet gives a public declaration of the tabernacle. Behold the lamb of God. But a voice from heaven points to Jesus saying, "This is my beloved son." Another public declaration. Right? In other words, this is where I choose to place my name. John the Baptist says, "There's the tabernacle." The voice from heaven says, "This is where I place my name." Colossians 2:9 says, "In him that is in Christ dwells the fullness of the Godhead bodily." So what you have is a tabernacle or a temple, a body, a functioning body and in him dwells the Godhead, right? So what is the Godhead in this aspect in the temp the temple or tabernacle of Jesus Christ? What is the godhead? Not just father, son and holy ghost in a man. He Christ was watch it. Son of man. What is son of man? Prophet. Son of God. What is son of God? Priest. Son of David. What is son of David? King. So in other words, in that tabernacle you had prophet, priest, and king. similar pattern to the Old Testament uh temples or tabernacles. And this prophet, priest, and king was the order of Mechisedc. In other words, all the fullness of the Godhead was in the sun. Son of man, prophet, son of God, priest, son of David, king. So, what do we have? A tabernacle and a godhead. That's where God's name is revealed. In other words, that's where the true revelation of God can be seen. Amen. But then Colossians 2:10 says this amazing statement. So Colossians 2:9 said, "In him dwells the fullness of the Godhead bodily." Verse 10 says, "And you are complete in him which is the head of all principality and power." So Christ was supposed to be the beginning of the new throne of God. Right? You believe that Christ was supposed to be the beginning of the new throne of God. He came to bring forth the new throne of God. He was the beginning, right? He said he came to bring forth many sons like unto himself, many brethren like unto himself. He set up the church and purposed the church to build the new temple and the new godhead. Right? Brother was anointed in diverse ways to show us what this new throne and godhead was such that his ministry seemed to rebel against all carnal understandings. Right? So we in in the services to come, we're going to see uh all of these things. We're going to get into the new temp, the new temple, the new gonehead. We're going to have a look at all this. I know it may seem uh strange to you because most people just don't understand what godhead even means. They just assume godhead is father, son, and holy ghost. And who knows what that means? They just assume that's trinity versus, you know, oneness and so on. No, Godhead is a word that means something, right? It means the components that make up something that All right. So, I know this I've done this in the Godhead series, but just to give you a quick understanding, the original word for godhead was godhood, right? Godhood. What does godhood mean? All right. So if you take words like brotherhood, neighborhood, what makes up a brotherhood, it's many components. It's components, right, of of different brothers which form a brotherhood or a a unity, right? So you're going to need specific components to make up a brotherhood. When you talk of neighborhood, you can't be one house in your road and call yourself a neighborhood. No, that's just you. But if you have many houses there, many families living in your street, you can call that a neighborhood because that's made up of many components of different people and it's called a neighborhood. So the original word was godhood. Over time in the translation, it was changed to godhead uh because it it was spoken of as being the head of the body. So what does this mean? What is godhood? Godhood is the combination of the components that make him God. Why does he need components to make him God? He is God already. Now, of course, yes, he is God. But Jesus Christ is not God to the Hindus. Why is he not God to the Hindus? Because they don't recognize him as God. Uh to the Muslims, he's just a prophet. He's not God to them. To the atheists, he's definitely not God to them. So even though we say he is God, you can't just claim him to be God. If there's nobody to worship him or bow down to him, he is not God to them. Right? So you've got to understand what that means. What is it that makes him God? There has to be components that makes him God to somebody. And those components we know in a very broad sense as father, son, and the holy ghost. But what does that even mean? Those are different expressions over different dispensations of time. But we'll get to that some other time. So I'm coming back to this point that brother Brennham was anointed in diverse ways to show us what this new throne and Goded was such that his ministry seemed to rebel against all carnal understandings right and we're going to look at that Revelation 4 part 2 a message brother Mariam preached in 1961 first of January now watch these statements that brother Brandham makes he says the first throne throne was in heaven. Judgment seat. Okay. Now, this is the first time we hear something like this. First throne was in heaven. We're going to get to this to what this really means. But notice here, the first throne was in heaven. Judgment seat. The second throne was Christ. The third throne is in man. Praise be to God. So, I wanted to I wanted to show you this so that you know I'm not making this up. Everything I've I've said to you is is from the message. Brother Baron says, "First throne was in heaven, judgment seat. Second throne was in Christ. Third throne is in man." So if you're looking for the throne of God today, it's supposed to be in the bride. It's supposed to be in man. How so? So, brother Reno says, "Now, let me take this little thing that I draw here. I wish I had a blackboard. Now, watch this carefully, saints. I'm reading. I could make it maybe more sensible for you. We're going to take, Brother Ben is saying, we're going to take and draw the quartz only. Make it in a round ring." So, Brother Benham makes this uh this these rings or like this. Either one. I believe like this maybe would be the best. We're going to take and make the courts. Now, what is man? He says he's a triune being. Body, soul, and spirit. Do you notice that? Body, soul, spirit. Three courts. Now, I want you to notice something. Before the seals, Brother Brandon preached body, soul, and spirit because that's how the denominations taught it. After the seals, he taught it as body, spirit, soul. He corrects himself. So, we're living in the time of the correction of that body, spirit, and soul. So I trust you to understand that. So he says, "How many knows that?" Watch God's approach. What is his heart? You remember my message? God chose a man, a man's heart for his control tower. The devil chose his head for his control tower. So he makes him see things. See, brother said he makes him see things, look through his eyes, but yet God in his heart makes him believe things that he cannot see. God is on his heart. In the heart of man is the throne of God. You get it right. God made his throne in the heart of man. So I want to skip ahead. Uh he said so the first part of man is his body. Right saints? So watch that. Just the same as Moses's outer court, the the outer court is man's body. The next part of course is his spirit which is the inner court and the the central is his heart or his soul. That's the center where the ark is and that's where God comes for the throne. That's what brother Bam is saying here. Verse paragraph 35 in a message how can I overcome? He says now as we study this my purpose of this is just not to come here to fellowship with you people which I love to do that. If I had chance to do that I would come to your home shake your hand talk with you sit down eat dinner with you sit down under the shade tree talk and fellowship a while. But when we come here we are here for one specific purpose. This is the house of correction. This is the throne. This is the throne of God. Judgment goes forth from the house of God. Here is where we come together in love. Uh gather in love with one another as only Christians can love. But in here we are under a leadership of the Holy Spirit. The Holy Ghost is among us and we're here to take reckoning among us to see where our short places are, our shortcoming. And how can we catch from from where we should be over to where we ought to be now, where we are, where we ought to be. And that's what we study. Ministers study those places for their people. When they see the people, the lack, then they begin on that. So God's final purpose saints what I want to show you now is to live his it's always been his purpose that is to live and rule from the heart of the believer. So um and this is just this is a believer who would surrender his body as a temple a throne to be used for God's divine purpose. That's been God's purpose for making man. There's never been a physical throne in in the universe somewhere where God sits and and presides over everything. The first throne he ever made was Adam. The first throne he ever made was man [clears throat] because that's where he wanted to dwell. That's where he wanted to to place his name. That's the place he chose that his name should dwell in. And that throne was destroyed. that throne was was marred in Eden. So from there he became separate from the throne that he created which was on earth and he had to bring the tabernacle in the wilderness of Moses to begin the way back to the throne. Right? The scripture that explodes this understanding on many different dimensions is this one. Matthew 18:20, "For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." Right? Two or three gathered together in my name. Now, we know how the Pentecostals use this where two or three are gathered in his name. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, in his name. What does that mean? Gathered in my name, there am I in the midst of them. Right? So we know that we are to be his throne. So why doesn't he just take us and use us, right? So watch this. Where two or three are gathered in my name, that means where two or three are united in the same revelation, [clears throat] there am I in the midst of them means there I can sanction what they sanction. Why is this statement being made? So we know that Matthew 18 this the context of the scripture is talking about the loosing of a brother or excommunication of a person. And the scriptures prior to this tell us that whatsoever you bind in earth. Whatever you loose in earth shall be bound in heaven shall be loosed in heaven. Binding and loosing are legal terms. When you say binding and loosing, you're talking about making a law or a judgment. And and what this means is you can't just have people who say, well, look, I'm an elder of this tribe. Speaking in the times of Israel, I'm an elder of this tribe and therefore I have authority and I speak for God. No such thing. You can't speak for God. The only way is that two or three gathered together in my name means they have the same revelation of who I am or they form part of something that I have sanctified to myself. There I am in the midst of them. That means if they decide on something it's as good as me deciding on something. See, that's why Matthew 18 is talking about it's talking about having two or three uh parts of me that can agree on the same thing. And you'll find in Matthew 18, it speaks about if you see a brother doing something wrong, you go and take this uh to the church, then let the church go and speak to or take two or three witnesses and go and speak to this brother. And if he still doesn't um make his life right, then you take it to the church. And now the church must speak to him, edify him, try to bring him back. So what you've done is you've tried three different things in the revelation of God. Once those things have done their work, God has sanctioned what has been done. Right? That's that's the context of the scripture where two or three are gathered in my name. This is a a scripture used so loosely about two or three people gathering under the banner of serving Jesus Christ. That's absolutely wrong. How many people in this world have churches of thousands saying they are gathered in Jesus' name? He we know for a fact that he's not in the midst of them. Why? Because they don't form his godhead. They are people gathered under the banner of Christianity, but he's not in the midst of them. They can't decide a thing for the kingdom of God. He doesn't sanction what they do, right? So, this has got to do with the throne of God. So, we know that we are to be his throne. So, why doesn't he just take us and use us, right? like we would connally think it should be. As every throne took many years to be built, so also does the believer take years to become sanctified and made ready. Right? For example, Solomon's temple, uh the tabernacle in the wilderness, uh the Lord Jesus Christ 30 years before his name, the name of God was seen. What do we do to make ready? To know how to be a proper throne, we must study his other thrones, the heavenly, the earthly, to see if we can be of the same fashion. Right? Let's read Acts chapter 7 as we close this introduction down. Acts 7:44 to 45. our fathers. This is Stephen the um the disciples speak the disciple of Christ. Steven speaking uh here before he is stoned to death. Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it according to the fashion that he had seen, which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus into the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drove out before the face of our fathers unto the days of David, who found favor before God. That is, David found favor before God and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob. But Solomon built him an house. How be it? Steven is saying the most high dwelleth not in temples made with hands. So Steven is telling us that the the the the tabernacle in the wilderness that Moses built was a temporary throne. Uh [clears throat] and then the the temple that Solomon built was a temporary throne. And he says clearly the most high does not dwell in places like that as said the prophet. Verse 49, he's saying, "Heaven is my throne. Earth is my foottool. What house will you build me?" He's actually using heaven and earth to say, it's like spiritually, heaven is my throne, earth is my foottool. It's it's like that's how great I am. What house will you build me? In other words, what earthly building or natural building or tabernacle do you think is worthy of me or great enough for me? Say the Lord. or what is the place of my rest? Hath not mine hand made all these things? Said so all the things that you can make are the things made by me in the first place? Verse 51, you stiff necked and uncircumcised in heart and ears. You, in other words, you are unable to understand. You're trying to create natural things for me, but you you cannot understand. He says, you do always resist the Holy Ghost as your fathers did. So do ye. So saints, we will use this scripture to the end to see how our house should be built. Amen. So what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to study the tabernacle of Moses in the wilderness. We're going to study the throne in heaven, the visions of the throne in heaven that uh Isaiah saw, that John saw. We're going to study all the articles or the the the furniture that was within these these temples and tabernacles that were built. And we're going to line that up with our own bodies, our spirits, our souls, and see how it is, what we can do to become to make our bodies the perfect tabernacle fashioned and built after the specifics that God desires. And then we're going to have a look at what Godhead needs to dwell in that body to make that body a fully functioning throne of God. In the meantime, let's not be like these people Steven was speaking to. Let us not be stiff necked, that is proud. Let's not be uncircumcised, that means lawless in heart, to resist the Holy Ghost. For he will help us to be built a spiritual house, a a holy priesthood, incorruptible and eternal. Amen. That was God's purpose. That's what he prophesied of. That's why he made us. That's why he called us. That's why he sanctified us. That's why he justified us. That's the reason he filled us with the Holy Ghost. All things working together for this particular purpose. He wants us to be the throne of God. So in this simple introduction, I trust that you get the understanding of where we are going to with this. And I trust that the Lord will really bless this series to us. So may the Lord be with you and bless you until the next time.
