################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-08 - Q&A Wisdom and Story of Doctrines of the Message (P2) - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-08
Title:    Q&A: Wisdom and Story of Doctrines of the Message (P2) - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpNi4rMJ4H8
========================================

Description:
03 August 2025 - Part 2 (Second Coming)

00:00 - Introduction
04:38 - List of Doctrines
06:57 - 7 Thunders are 7 Voices of 7 Men who continue the Word of Mal4 after death
10:13 - Church Goes up in Rev 3 and returns in Rev 19, Everything in between is to Israel
14:19 - 7th Seal is not Opened and Thunders not Revealed, Stay with ABC’s
20:17 - 7 Thunders Are the 7 Virtues
24:03 - Return Ministry
30:56 - Parousia
37:17 - 2 Lords
39:14 - The Lord Himself Came in 1963, We are in the Millennium already
40:55 - The Bride Coming
43:24 - Press Play and Obey 
01:04:57 - The Story of the Doctrines of the Message

-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
Please watch: "Men of God Takes Responsibility #gospeltruth #biblicalmanhood" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYch0iV0ZVA
-~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Um, and this is going to be the uh the second coming. All right. So, now we're going to talk about the second coming of Christ, which is our day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, when it comes to the message of the hour, I know a lot of you sitting here can think back and you will have a lot of negative memories. Some of you have no memories because you're just you're from here. You came here. You started here. So you you don't even know what I'm talking about. Some of you sitting here may be thinking, uh, do I even have to hear this? Yes, you do. All right? Because if you don't, you are going to encounter this anyway. And you're going to learn why these things had to be. So it is it's like saying, you know, uh, say, I don't need to, brother. Well, then why read the Bible and learn what happened in the Old Testament? &gt;&gt; Yeah, true. &gt;&gt; What's the fear of learning what's happened in your day? That's the worst thing you can do is not know what happened in your day, but you're so excited about hearing what happened in the New Testament and Old Testament. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But what's more relevant to you is what happened in your day because this is where you're actually living. &gt;&gt; So don't be that kind of person. Um there is enough that we have that we have been through for us uh in this message to develop complexes. When I meet you, some of you from wherever you come from, I can tell when you have complexes. I can tell what complexes you have because I can tell by your attitude to the word, by your attitude to people, what it is that's been affecting you through your life. I would even be able to to pinpoint pinpoint exactly which doctrine you started in. That's how easy it is to diagnose. You can just look at a person and know, oh, okay, seven thunders, oh, okay, Peruia, okay, seals are not open, okay, stay with the ABCs. You just know it, right? So, I want to do something for our children's generation to make them know what it is that our elders went through and why certain doctrines came about. cuz I don't know some of you will come in and and you'll say I don't understand the message is supposed to be this wonderful thing that reveals who God is and yet we all are so divided and and brother so and so speaks against brother Alistister and some say this about him and and some say this about that brother and that brother and and is it true and what what what must we believe and what do we do with all this right that's going to happen of course if your faith is in brother Alistister you're going to fail tell you that right Now &gt;&gt; why? So that is our uh there are things that our elders went through and and we need to know why those doctrines came about and basically know our story that brought us to where we are today. Would you like to hear that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So I want to tell you the story of the message and how it progressed with doctrines from my perspective of living in South Africa. And uh I'm my perspective is not just living in South Africa. I've also traveled to the United States and different parts of the world and met believers there. And um because I'm like a sponge, I I sit with them. I ask them questions. I listen to their stories and um I take it all in. I make notes about it and and I remember all the details. Okay. So I want to tell you the story um from the perspective of living in the in the message in South Africa. And uh for me I can remember everything since I was 5 years old. Okay. Even slightly before that when my mom and dad were in a Pentecostal church I can I have memories right up till 4 3 years old. I I can remember I even remind them of things that they've forgotten. So yes, I want to begin by going through the doctrines some that was mentioned by the brother but but there's actually more right and uh if time uh goes on we'll get more and more and more right so I want to begin there and show you how I want to go through each one show you how they developed what their effects were that they brought to the message churches and then tell you the story of how they came together. All right, let's go to the list of doctrines of the message. Um, and I put in there this important thing on the top regarding the seventh seal because in everything else, if you if you speak to any message believers, we're the same on water baptism, mostly the same on Godhead, mostly the same on serpent seed and dressing and many other things. We might have slight fluctuations and differences here and there, but on the ground on on on the ground level of the message, we basically all the same. This is why when we meet one another, we say, "Hey, God bless you, brother." Even if we don't like him because of what he believes in the seventh seal, we have some common ground. God bless you, brother. How you doing? How's the church? Oh, nice, nice, nice. And then inside it's like 5 minutes is enough. I want to leave now. But he's a believer. But you can barely stay with him for like 5 to 10 minutes to fellowship because it already started to make you uncomfortable. You'd be thinking, well, I hope he doesn't start talking about his doctrine, you know. And then uh the moment he says something, you think now I have to push back. I got to let this go. Right? So number one, seven thunders are seven voices of seven men who continue the word of Malachi 4 after his death. Number two, the church goes up in Revelations 3 and returns in Revelations 19. Everything in between is to Israel. Number three, seventh seal is not open and thunders not revealed. Stay with ABCs. Number four, seven thunders are the seven virtues. Number five, return ministry. Number six, Peruia. To some of you, that might sound like a perfume or cologne or something. No idea what that is. And number two, number seven, two lords. Number eight, the Lord himself came in 1963. We are in the millennium already. Number nine, the bride coming. And number 10, press play and obey. Okay. Yes, some of you laughing. All right. So, I want to get from the first one. Let's start with seven thunders are seven voices of seven men. That's number one. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; So, this was one of the first doctrines of the message because of course the prophet dies. This is the first man-made development after the death of the prophet because uh you know the way it was with the prophet um and this was amazing. I know some of you don't realize this I because he died and sister Ma was the one who had to sign off on on his burial. Uh she was in a coma and they couldn't do anything. They had to keep the body. I think it was like an entire year or something until she came out of the co and to sign off they could not do anything. Can you imagine the mindset &gt;&gt; of the people at that time when he had just finished 1963 6465 talking about the seventh seal the coming of the lord the rapture taking place. He preached his last the rapture message in December before he dies and then he dies after he preaches communion. And now these people are left. There's no closure. They're not getting to bury him. They don't know what what are all the men that supported him for the 30 years of his ministry going to do? &gt;&gt; What do you think happened? Who's going to be the new leader? That's number one with humans, right? Who's going to take over from him? Can you imagine if there were people saying Elijah has died, he's gone, who's going to be the Elisha? &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; we they already had Elijah's mantels in brother Maron's day. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So who were these men? They were the first friends of the prophet. They were people who were with him. There were people who some of them whom he ordained as ministers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the first thing that happened is that this idea came across that he finished. He preached the seven seal and it's now time for the thunders. And his idea begin to form that the thunders were voices. And because he said uh in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound therefore the the thunders the voices of the thunders must be men as well. Now can you imagine from the group of I don't know how many 50s something or more men who's going to be the seven? And it's like people started accepting well I'm one one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Even if they didn't agree with themselves, they became the seven thunders or voices who had to go through the world and spread the gospel and they took upon themselves authority and and some people would follow someone and others would follow another and they didn't realize what they were doing. Is this unfamiliar to what happened after Acts chapter 2? &gt;&gt; We know Thomas went to India. They found the church of St. Thomas then India we know some went to Rome some went to Arabia some went they split up and they went everywhere right taking the word okay number two the church goes up in Revelations 3 and returns in Revelations 19 and everything in between is to Israel now this is a general doctrine that rises everywhere in the world and it doesn't need a leader it's a doctrine that rises up in in a a people and eventually develops people that agree with it and then they form a brotherhood and eventually forms a leader. It happens anywhere at any time. It like it it pops up like mushrooms, right? This doctrine is self-explanatory. It means exactly what it says because you got one quote or a few quotes where brother says uh the bride goes up after Revelations 3 and only returns in Revelations 19. Uh so therefore everything Revelation 4 5 6 7 8 10 everything in between is got to do with Israel and the Jews. Nothing to do with the church or the bride. Uh and of course the question is then why did brother Brandon preach Revelation 6 and Revelations 4 and 5? Why did he preach it to the bride? Why did he talk about joning his name? Why did he speak about the seven seals? Why did he preach about Revelations 10:7 showing himself? So these people literally believed brother Madam was wrong. Imagine taking what he said and saying he's right there but he's wrong about this and he's right about that. That's like people taking the word of a prophet picking what they want to be true and canceling out a whole group of his message and saying his false using him to prove him wrong. That's how ridiculous it is. But it happened and it's still happening. It's not a very popular belief in the message and it's mostly followed by uh those of a certain minister who believed he was the significant one to bring this answer to the rest of the message world and to take the message on further from the prophet. He believed he was and and he was probably one of the mo the major proponents of this thought which caused many people to kind of get caught up in it. But in this teaching they believe that revelations 10 has not yet happened. The mighty angel has. So can you see that if you just take that re he goes up in the church goes up in revelations 3 returns in 19. You cancel out the open book. You cannot preach it. You literally say revelations 10:7 is not brother. Am I right? That's what it does. And uh it was quite confusing for me that they used his own message to prove him wrong. Quoting his quotes from Daniel. They would literally say he was right in Daniel 70 weeks about 7 years left. He was wrong in the seals when he said 3 and 1/2 years left. I mean you are standing here in 2020 something looking back at what he preached in 1963 to 65 and 1950s and you are from here deciding where he was right and he was wrong. How does it even make sense? How is it even, you know, the right revelation? But yet, it is. Many people put their heart and soul behind it. There's a reason, right? So, these people also believe that there's a seven-year tribulation left after the rapture of the bride. Some believe it's before the rapture of the bride. uh um that the rapture, the coming of Christ is after the tribulation. Yes, we still get some of those. And um basically those people say when you ask them, but brother man was the forerunner. They say no, no, no, no, no, no. The quote says his message will forrunner. &gt;&gt; So it's fine that he died. His message is the forerunner. &gt;&gt; You see how you can use quotes to what would you have said in Christ's day? What did the followers of John the Baptist say when John died? &gt;&gt; Okay, next one. Seventh seal is not open and thunder is not revealed. Stay with the ABCs. This is probably one of the most common doctrines in the message. Um, and it again, it's a doctrine that is what it says, right? With quotes and scriptures to back you up. Also, this is a doctrine that rises everywhere. And why does it rise? In resistance to others, right? And this doctrine has no leadership because you can just basically preach. You can come here and take out perseverance and preach perseverance. You can come out here and preach uh life story. You can come out here and preach who, why, who is this? uh when their eyes are open, you just come out and pull out a message book and preach from it. Read some poems, read some scriptures, preach from it. You don't have to teach anything. Why? Because that's the safest thing to do. &gt;&gt; You just take the message and you say what he says, right? Basically, these people resist any suggestion that the second coming of the Lord, the rapture and resurrection are taking place. You cannot talk to them about it because they believe what brother said that the seventh seal was not fully revealed. So nobody has the authority to say that and if you do say it you become like a a heretic. They do not accept that revelations 10 1-4 is the past. They do not see Revelations 10:4 occurring already that the mighty angel has descended with the book in his hand. They do not accept it. But they accept that revelations 10:7 has happened. That's what boggles me. They're not like the other group that say that brother Brandham is not 107. They say he is 107 but 10 1-4 has not happened. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; they deny that brother Brandham is the forerunner. They believe the message is the forerunner because you have to take that claim because if you say if you take the quote where he says the forerunner is on earth at the time of this coming that makes a problem for their doctrine. So they deny that it cannot be him as the forerunner. It's his message that is the forerunner. What are you doing? You're trying to have faith with your grace elves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's what's going on. So they do believe we should pre they they they do believe we should preach uh or rather we should not preach any deep doctrines because they believe you don't have to preach the seven seals brother there's no need for you brother preached it you don't have to talk about the trumpets we read feast of the trumpets there's no reason for pastors to go any deeper or reexplain revelations brother Benham has already done that sound good sounds safe it sounds excellent Because they'll even tell you all the brothers who try to do it messed everything up so it's safer not to do it. What is this fear? This is the same as don't cross the Jordan. We can't do it. which is and then all you have to do is look at what happens to the churches because whatever your faith is is going to be proved by the fruits and that's what you got to watch right so they deny that he's the forerunner and they don't want you to touch any doctrines I literally heard a minister say we there's no reason to preach the trumpets because it's to the Jews and you think about yeah trumpets are to the Jews But it's in the Bible. But no, you don't need to touch it. You don't need to to speak about Revelations 12, Revelations 14, Revelations 8 and 9. You don't have to touch it because it's got nothing to do with the bride and the church. And that's to that's to Israel. And the and the two witnesses are going to come and they're going to reveal those chapters to Israel. You don't even have to look at it. I mean, look at what we've been through with the entire book of Revelations and how blessed that was to us. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Whether we went through it to even know what Israel really is about and their struggles and what trumpets really mean to us, &gt;&gt; the idea uh that brother Baram has already explained it and it doesn't need to be reexplained. It's very attractive. It's safe. Right? Uh and then the idea is that those who preach deep doctrines and add they add things to what brother Benham said and they confuse everyone. So it's best to stay with the ABCs and the cood. And this is the trap. They actually think they stay with what brother Baron said. News flash, nobody does. Everybody thinks they do. Yes, even you. There's no way you can stay with what brother Baron says 100% in 2025. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because brother Baron preached in the 1960s lost. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So you're basically convincing yourself that you are and even if you come here and repeat what brother Barham said and you and and how do you preach? You might as well just preach by reading what he says. Because the moment you say something, you already are interpreting. The moment you say, "Do you see what he said?" You can tie this up. Why are you doing that? Who asked you to tie up anything that he said with something else? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; That means you're adding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There's every single brother I know who told me I'm adding, I tell him, you're adding, too. No, I'm not. Yes, you are. &gt;&gt; Yes. You have no choice. As long as you have gray cells in this box of yours and you read a quote and then you tell me what it means, you just interpret it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; So this is why it's hypocritical, right? The next one is seven thunders are the virtues. The seven virtues. So this straight off the bat started in New York City in the in the USA. They preached that the seven thunders are the seven voices of the seven church ages which are seven manifestations of the Holy Spirit into the church. It was a phenomenal doctrine. They taught that each virtue, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness was an individual lived voice of the Holy Spirit. Basically, the prophet preaching the seven seals would restore all those seven lived voices to the last church, giving her the character to wait for charity, the capstone to descend. Some of you thinking, "Yes, that sounds right." Amen. The Holy Ghost, they said, was the dynamics. They fitted it in with how the prophet preached. The Holy Ghost is the dynamics that seals it all together, puts the dynamics into the church, brings all the mechanics to life, and charity descends on everything to make it perfect. I mean, who can find fault with that? Sounds fantastic. However, they preached, "We are not yet in the capstone age. We're still in Leodysia." Some of them preached, some of them didn't. And we're still waiting for the corporal coming of the Lord to bring the capstone. But before that happens, seven thunders have to give rapturing faith. Was a major thing. How does it give rapturing faith? Doesn't matter. Just believe it. Right? This doctrine again like every other doctrine leads to elevating human leadership. Somebody has to be the big boss and under that other big bosses. And then when it spreads to another continent, there's got to be a big boss on that continent. And then if you go to that city, there's going to be a big boss of that in that city. And wherever you go, why did they have to have this human leadership, this exuberant human leadership that took control over people if this was something freely given to the church? And then they have to basically go to conventions from all over South Africa, all over Africa. If the main guy was coming, everyone had to be there. If the second in charge was coming, everyone had to be there. They had to be there. They would sell their cars to be there. They would sell stuff from their homes to be there. I was there sometimes. I I saw all this happen. So, I'm telling you, people will get stuck between Derban and Johannesburg and make a phone call. Their brothers will drive from Johannesburg to come and pick these people up overnight and be there at the meeting the next morning. Back when cars were rickety and &gt;&gt; broken down and no electronics and man, you'd be you'd be lugging like buckets of fuel and hose pipes and there'll be a mechanic driving with you in case your car breaks down. There was no freeways. You had to go through back roads and potholes and it was incredible. And these people made it &gt;&gt; with children, with babies. Some of you can't even sit here with an infant for 2 hours. These people would go with babies in the back of a of a van. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For 8 hours. Some would travel by train just to be there. Okay. Which brings us to the return ministry or the returned ministry, whichever way. I don't know exactly who started this. Uh maybe if we interviewed some of the people from North America, we might be able to. But it seems to me something that that gathered traction because brothers were talking about, right? From what I've heard from speaking to brothers that came out of there. That's kind of like they can name you some names which we're not interested in, but basically it gathered traction. Didn't have like a singular leader who who took control of this of this whole thing. Or maybe it kind of developed that way. But it has to basically do with the fulfilling of the tent vision that brother speaks about the big tent with a big crowd. You remember that? And a little room and and all of that. And uh and so I also heard that there are some believers that were holding an actual aeroplane for brother Madam when he returns, when he's resurrected. He's going to use that plane. And they are keeping it for him to fly around the world and and make this great sweep because he got 40 days. In 40 days he has to man this sounds like around the world in 40 days. And it bugged me. I remember being a kid saying why does he need a plane? If he resurrected he can travel by thought. So this should have been this should have been cut off from a start but it seemed at the time of its arrival many good ministers didn't and couldn't refute it. A lot of people had an issue with the prophet's family because they also didn't come out and say no this is not what brother man said. Like, and I don't blame any one of them because you're in that time. You just came out from this amazing ministry and there's these people kind of looking in and reading and telling you he's coming back. What do you say? Who are you to say no, it can't be? You're going to stand in the face of some of these great anointed men and tell them they're wrong. Most of the people say like, just hold on, you know, let's not say anything. Let's wait. Let's wait. Let's wait. But this thing began to grow and took over churches. And most of these very fine people who followed this did not know this doctrine originated in the ancient Catholic church that taught that the world would be uh sorry I'm actually I put this piece here in it's actually from the previous uh um from the 77 virtues. uh the people and just just to to back up there the seven thunder seven virtues is actually a Catholic doctrine and those who started it back there in the 70s did not even know this in the Catholic doctrine they have this you can read it it's really phenomenal Catholics they do some great things they came up with this whole idea about the seven deadly sins and these sins would take over mankind and would infiltrate all of public and they they had these seven virtues. Now you know the way it goes the Catholics came from Grecian mythology and Roman mythology. They were Roman Catholics. So they they remember Aristotle and Socrates the four virtues. Have you heard of them? Aris come on people must read Aristotle and Socrates four uh um like ideological cardinal the cardinal uh virtues and they would they would paint these virtues like women they were like women who were angels or angels were women I don't know and then they had from the four cardinal virtues they developed the three theological virtues so before Roman Catholicism even came in there was this seven virtues &gt;&gt; that came from ancient Greece. So they adopted it into Roman Catholicism and they adopted uh Hebrew tradition into it and they came up with this idea that the seven archangels would carry the seven virtues to the people to cleanse the public of the seven deadly sins at or just before the advent of Christ or when Christ comes. the seven virtues will be brought and the voices of the angels would be the seven thunders. &gt;&gt; That's a Catholic doctrine and the people from the seven virtues, seven thunders, seven virtues did not even realize that. Okay. Now, so these virtues go back to the ancient Greek teachings and uh so it's probably good to look into that if ever you you go and research it. So coming back to this return ministry, it became something and I think I I may have mentioned it to you the last time you were here. When I was in the United States in 1995, the churches in the United States were still struggling with the return ministry because wherever we went, they were not able to interpret the tent vision. They were being sort of hammered by people who were using the 10 vision to say that the prophet was coming back and the ministers at the time did not know how to refute that. And so they they couldn't even tie the 10 vision in with the third bull ministry. They were missing quotes for brother Ram speaking about what the third pool really is. They were holding on to the third bull being greater miracles and signs than discernment and healing. They were relating the third pool to Hatty, right? And so on the word speaking things into existence. So to them the evolution from the of the three pools was the miracles had to be greater and the greatest would be instead of praying and laying on of hands or discerning would be spoken word speaking things into existence. Hat right squirrels. They got plenty plenty to say that this is going to happen. And then they believe that because the prophet made some prophecies that never came true because he's a true prophet. He cannot be false. Therefore, he has to come back to fulfill it. Hey, sounds reasonable. I mean, if you're you're a person who has a little bit of brain with mathematics in it, you say a + b equals this, you know, 1 plus 1 equals 2. Well, of course, if he's a true prophet, Amen. And he made some prophecies and it never was fulfilled. For us to get the answer, he has to come back. Logical. It's mathematical, right? Okay. Which brings us to Peru. this fancy weird sounding Greek word peruia peria whatever you want to say the word basically means presence right and in the original Greek it's in the in the Bible wherever you see in your Bible the word coming or presence you go into that in the original Greek and you it's going to come out with this word perua and most people whenever I start saying Peru or anyone starts talking about peruia your prefrontal context uh uh cortex starts drying up. You start going cuz it's already too much for the human brain to handle. We start talking about peruia and epiphania and you like you start going crossey like what do we do with this? Right? And so there are also other Greek words used to in in in the context that they preach about and it's basically about the coming of the Lord and that's where the word Peruia is. Let me show it to you. I think it's in the in the slides brother. If you can just pull up there it is. That's the word P R O U S I A. Peruseia. There's the pronunciation. Basically means presence. And you can see the commentaries uh the coming arrival, advent, the future, visible return. So here is whoever wrote the comments in is saying it's the future return. But that's not how this was used, right? So again, this this came from a very intellectual class of people. &gt;&gt; People who studied Greek and Hebrew, it came from a very intellectual place. And I'm not too clear on all the intricacies or how the doctrine evolved and how it became so strong over three decades. But basically it was it was this doctrine did not deny the seventh seal. It did not deny February 28, 1963 the cloud. It was basically saying when it started that the opening of the seventh seal in the cloud can be identified as the peruia or the personal presence of God. But we are still waiting for the corporal return. Right? And there would be this fight then that would ensue about what is coming and what is appearing and so on. So um they're basically saying yes he has come but he's here in his supernatural form. He's not visible to us but he's felt among us. And it was claiming that the prophet foreran the peruer of Christ and that it has been fulfilled. So can you see what they do? They put the quotes together. They say no of course he was the forerunner. He wasn't wrong about that. They disagree with the others who say his message for ran. Then they would say he definitely fored and it took place because he for the Peruia. Are you thoroughly confused? &gt;&gt; Oh good. So some who I've even I I don't understand a lot of it and some who I have spoken to believe that there is no need for the literal corporal coming anymore and that the so with this he is here he's come uh there's no need to take communion anymore there's no need to do anything else anymore he is here it's all over we're just waiting for the translation and uh there's no need for a corporal coming anymore and the next time he will come is to the Jews used and then even among this Peruia group they started having conflicts about those things and they relied very heavily on the difference between the words appearing and coming. You don't have to try to furiously write all this down. You're getting my notes so you can read it all over again. Right? The problem with this doctrine uh you know the people that followed it because once you bring something so intellectual uh and and the people are obsessed with the intellectualism and the teaching they start to go quiet and dead and then the leaders realize everyone is you know like lying on a slab in a morg with coldness and bluish tinge setting into them and then they you come from an intellectual place now you're going going to try and cause some revival and you're just not built for that. So the only way is to reintroduce gifts of the Holy Ghost like dreams, prophecies, visions and you know get the people worked up with with things like that and that's what they did. So you had this intellectual Peruia doctrine but also everybody having dreams, visions and and so on and prophecies. When that happens, prophecies are going to come in that do not align with the word. And prophecies are even going to come in that's going to not support exactly what the person who started the doctrine said. Always happens. So the problem with this doctrine was it became very hard for the simple public of the message to understand. It favored only those who spoke good English. I mean how do you how do you teach Peruia to Zulu person? How do you teach epiphania to a Zulu person to a Pa person to someone from South Africa? How do you teach uh um erami to a Chinese person or a person from from where my ancestors come from in India? Where do you get the ability to show them this? Unless there's an actual discrepancy, you're going to have to break this thing down to the finest detail and show them. but basically caught right and uh so this belief was very uh here's the other thing like the thunders were a Catholic doctrine thunder's virtues the peruia was a Jehovah's witness doctrine &gt;&gt; started in 1914 by Rutherford the leader of the Jehovah's witness who spoke that the personal presence use those words of Christ is already here and he had issu he had like um ideas about the 144,000 and those who were going to get in like the coming of the Lord has already taken place. Okay. So from this Peruia doctrine there was an offshoot that came and hit the world uh for a for a few years. It hit Durban quite bad. Hit South Africa a little bit too in different places. Cape Town, Johannesburg, two lords. It was an offshoot of the Perua group. &gt;&gt; Okay. and uh uh it already originated before the message. Another thing, two lords doctrine originate. I don't have the time to go to show it to you, but you can go Google it. You'll find two lords long before the message people came up with. Okay, it comes from David. The Lord said unto my Lord, sit down in my right hand until I make thy thy enemies thy foottool. So there so but this is important because brother Bham uses this this one quote where he said it Jesus it was Jesus in Jesus because Jesus came in the name of his father. So what they were saying was the name of the father is Jesus and the name of the son is Jesus. Now watch what this is about. It's about explaining the seventh seal. So, it's also they don't deny February 28, 1963, but they're saying the cloud that came was Jesus the father &gt;&gt; and we're still waiting for Jesus the son. What is this about people? It's about trying to explain the seventh seal. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's what they're going at. So, it struggled, this doctrine hit Durban quite bad, but it struggled to make an impression on the majority of the believers. uh and uh basically it grabbed those who already didn't have a good grasp of the seventh seal and uh but it didn't achieve the success that they thought it would achieve. They tried to rebaptize people. They try to make apostles of this thing and pastors had to be reappointed by the apostle and oh it's crazy. Okay, so the next one is this might sound very familiar to you. The Lord came in 1963. We are in the millennium already. So some of you think, "Yeah, but the Lord came in 1963." Yeah, but the millennium now, right? There are quotes for these things. There are reasons why people choose this. So this doctrine came became one that flourished mostly in the eastern hemisphere of the world. Uh it is once again based on the seventh seal because people began to preach the coming of the Lord February 28, 1963. He has come. If he came in 1953 and then you put the other ones, he comes with a sharp voice and trump it means the rapture is over. The rapture is over. We've been through some years of tribulation. We've, you know, Armageddon can be tied to almost anything. And then we are definitely here in a millennium now, right? That's what happened. And they worked it out with numerous quotes and dates and numbers. And it was a doctrine that excited a lot of people who were struggling at the time to make sense from all the different ministries that were trying to explain the seven seal. And u but this doctrine again could not sustain because it became harder. How do you try to prove to people that you're in the millennium when you're getting sick with the flu and you're getting hospitalized and you're getting cancer and you're and the so to relate this doctrine with reality became a problem. So while people would have it in their heads the reality of it was a problem to them. I could see some of you looking at me thinking we never even heard this before. Right? Okay. The bride coming. This one shocked me because I didn't even know this was seen of as a movement. I just thought there were brothers who are there's a quote, the bride coming of Christ and and I know this quote. I've read it to you before. But you know, uh I didn't realize that there may have been ministers who took it and made it a thing. Some of you might be thinking, "Hey, brother Albert, we make it a thing." you know, so this is yet another based on the seventh seal, the bride coming of Christ. So something I hadn't realized uh that had become a doctrine until it was pointed out to me. I had to I was directed to some statements on the internet where I had to go look at it and see that hey there's people that recognize this in North America as a com as a as a movement. Okay. So, and because of what it sounds like, I can only think that it means it refers to the word being manifested in his people, which is you something you and I would say amen to. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The word becoming manifested his people, the bride becoming Christ, Christ becoming the bride. It sounds great. &gt;&gt; Except, are we a movement &gt;&gt; or a part of a movement? &gt;&gt; We didn't even know there was a movement. &gt;&gt; Maybe there is. I don't know. So in that case we we may find ourselves aligning with these people who are preaching this and saying that you know uh but it it must be mostly true uh for this time and it's very in line with revelations 10 and the mighty angel descending yet because I don't know if there is a movement and not knowing all that is said by this movement I couldn't say we subscribe to it right you wouldn't really know whether you unless you speak to the people who are part of the movement And uh so anyway, my position is I don't like to be limited by any name. Period. I I like to be free. I don't like to be labeled as some I don't like labels. Okay? I I want to be able to change my mind tomorrow. If God's going to change it for me, &gt;&gt; I like that. I like the fact that he can tell me tomorrow you were wrong about this, you need to change that. I don't like being limited to a movement and being associated with people of a movement. It's it's too restricted. Okay? It's a cage. Which then leads us to the one you all were laughing at. Press play and obey. I honestly here's this one. I only discovered last month uh and become acquainted with because I didn't even know this was a thing. How many of you have heard of this? Yeah. First play. Wow. so few press play and obey probably because you know people or or whatever I I I don't know and it was mentioned to me on WhatsApp by another believer and when they they they wrote it on WhatsApp I had no idea what they were talking about and they were they were mentioned it like I should know and I and I didn't know and then I realized after it was explained to me that this is uh message people who are now staying home and listening to the prophet's tapes no longer tapes But they're and I believe they told me it's got a symbol of a triangle which means play like the play button. So they have a symbol. So press play and obey comes with this the that way for you. It's black triangle which means press play. I don't know. This is what I've been told. of all things of all that we that we heard you know seven thunders and virtues perusia this that this is actually a doctrine. Do you know why? Do you know what a doctrine actually is? A doctrine is something taught that can be applied like how do you apply Peruia? How do you apply seven thunder seven virtues? How do you apply anything? This is something that can actually be applied. You can literally press press play and obey. You can literally stay home, press play on the tape or CD and stay home and and listen to what it said. You say you obey. I don't believe you. But you know, whatever. Um I know humans are just disbelieving and they don't u they don't disobedient. Sorry. Very disobedient. You by nature are disobedient. So tell me you press play and and obey. Uh come on. So of all things right it's not only a teaching it it's not just an action that people do it's actually a teaching it's being taught to them right and it's manifested in many conflicting ways it's and it's the same this is amazing thing it's the same all around the world I got to really know about this in my last trip and uh I do not know for myself how exactly it is run all I have is hearsay so I heard day that there is an audio of the prophet played at specific times and everywhere in the world. If that time is 3:00 in the morning where you are, you wake up and play it there. &gt;&gt; And if it's 10:00 in the night at at another place in the world, you play it there. So your church service is wherever it is played from its head office. That's what I've heard. How true it is, I don't know. But it sounds to me like the people who are doing this are very committed. And by itself, it sounds amazing. I mean, can you imagine if we could get people to tune in at all types of and and tell them, "Tune in. This is the time we're now speaking." And people from all over the world are tuning in at that time. That would be amazing. I mean, it on its own, it sounds amazing that there are believers who are so committed. They'll wake up at 3 in the morning to listen to a message of the prophet. We used to do that some time ago when we were young in the message. And so it sounds amazing. The problem with this practice is it is not scriptural &gt;&gt; and it will not last the test of time. &gt;&gt; It's it it works for people who have no children and people who have very small children. And then it doesn't work for people with teenagers because teenagers and and young children need a church. Home is not your church. You can't. So we've already seen this because I'm talking about 30 years ago, we already had people who disagreed with all the ministers and said, "We'll stay at home and listen to tapes because we're following the prophet." Every one of them lost their children. And today some of them lost their spouses. When I say lost, I don't mean they died. I mean they left. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And when they leave they become worse than sinners. &gt;&gt; That's what I mean. So this idea of staying home and listen to the tapes. It's an illusion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That works for a while. I'm telling you again, they've restarted it. It already happened. We've already seen the effects of it. And yet there are good people. Right? The problem with this practice is it does not stand the test of time. It is a reaction. What it is is a reaction to a culture that many people in the message have disagreed with. And it's a rehash of something that started and failed a long time ago. its followers uh u will have quotes of the prophet to back up its leader as a prophet a store of food for the famine that is coming and on and on and on I I hear it non-stop however the reality of having a group of people are you listening whenever you get a group of people together remember we read this quote on on Wednesday which kind of shocked me where the prophet says as population increase Satan has more range to working. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's what happens. The more you have mass people to yourself, the enemy is going to get in. &gt;&gt; Why? Because the enemy is going to come in. Who's our leader? Who's going to be the deacon? Who's going to be this one? Who's going to speak for him when he's not here? Who's going to do this? Who's going to And the next thing you know, you've got factions all over again. Fights, splits, disagreements. It's just human. It's right. It's organization. The reality of having a group of people is at is that the enemy is right at your heels. Human leadership, are you listening? &gt;&gt; Every gathering of people starts with this problem. Human leadership. &gt;&gt; If you ever get a group of people together and you have an ideology, you have a doctrine, you have a certain belief, the first effect is human leadership. Who is going to be our leader? And every it doesn't matter if it's if if it's you people he's sitting here if you don't have the open book you are going to immediately say okay fine we got a church who is our leader now immediately look at what happens with all the churches when a pastor dies where the minister leaves or something what's the issue who's the leader there's no nobody's standing up saying uh excuse me the Holy Spirit is our leader or Let's follow the word. No. Which man? &gt;&gt; It's always the case. Which man is going to lead us? Who's going to call the shots? Secretly, it's where's the money going to? Amen. That's what it's all about. It's always about the money. Don't let them fool you. Okay. So the reality of this group is human leadership is the first trap. Individual revelation is going to stifle it because of the illusion that everyone So if you say just play the tapes, press play and obey. Everyone's just going to listen to the prophet and no one's going to have individual revelation. Yeah, of course. Somebody listening in China or Australia or South America or wherever, they're going to be listening to it, interpreting it in their own language or something and they're all reading the same quote at the same time and getting an individual revelation and then what happens when they come together and they start fellowshipping immediately there's disagreements. &gt;&gt; So, it's an illusion that they're all seeing. They all just press play and obey. It's an illusion because as long as you're listening to words and you are interpreting it, you are seeing individual revelation. Uh youth do not last under this movement there. It's never going to work. We've already seen the tests of staying home and playing tapes. Families break up. a living becomes liberal because with the with the tape comes the television, comes the movies, comes the internet. Not that it's not happening with others, it's there. Uh the dressing changes, the uh lack of Holy Spirit anointing. If you have church at home, it won't be long you'll be listening to the message in your bathrobe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because nobody's there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then just think about this that you don't take the time, sisters, to do up your hair and be neat to come into the presence of the Lord. Just the fact that you can have church in your lounge when nobody's seeing you and you can just sit there like a slob listening to God's word, brother. Sitting there with your with your pajamas on and your your holy socks. I mean, they have holes in them, right? And you're sitting there, you're listening to the message, and you already have a bodily and spirit and mental idea that you can be just lazy and lacadasical in the presence of the Lord. You don't realize over time you are going to develop that behavior. &gt;&gt; Simply because you are not gathering under the anointing. &gt;&gt; We've we've seen this already. It's been tried and tested. It's not going to work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it will lack. The one thing about this is because you're listening to brother Brandham constantly and only him, you are going to develop a masculine nature of the word. &gt;&gt; You will not develop the feminine nature of the bride. &gt;&gt; That's what's going to happen because you're just absorbing this from him who is the masculine seed of the age. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Immediately you are going to be a headship over everyone else. We will never develop the feminine nature of the word. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, our advice to the youth of this generation, do not look at doctrines of the past with any hate or animosity. No matter how you have suffered under it, if you are carrying animosity, you came from 77 virtues. They wrecked my life, they wrecked my family, they wreck wrecked this, they I suffered under this. Don't do that. Okay? What I want to tell you today is to try and get you out of that hole of victimhood. We must know that if it happened, God permitted it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He sent the prophet. He sent the messenger. He knew what everyone was going to do. He knew there were Pharisees going to be there. He knew there were Sadducees going to be there when he was coming in the first time. He knew Paul was going to be the the the apostle to the first church age. He knew it, right? God knew all this was going to happen and he permitted it. He even permitted it to last for three decades and then failed. Three decades. Think about it. So he saw that God saw the outcome and directed his prophet to speak uh exactly the way he had to do so and that it could be exactly the way it is for a purpose. So from my perspective, I grew up under a pastor who had my dad. My dad basically had all of them preach in our pulpit. Every single one of them doctrines. Whichever doctrine they were, he invited them. Let them preach. Right? Uh if they preached anything we did not believe in, my dad would never come up in the service and correct them. Yeah, &gt;&gt; he wouldn't even correct them on the pulpit the next week. He wasn't afraid of what our people were being taught. &gt;&gt; They would come, they would preach, he would brothers would come to him and they had a problem with it. They ask him and he'll show them this is what the prophet said or we'll have a little gathering and discussion at our home. But never once did he use the pulpit to correct another minister and blacken his name or tell our church people he's a false doctrine. I've got good witnesses sitting here who were there. He never had to do that. He remained friends till the day he died with all of them. I know my dad would go to the United States. I was there with him. We would go visit a brother who disagreed with us and we with him and have a chat and have tea and coffee and ice cream together and leave and hug one another. learn. He always told me about the ministries and and told me how this brother who preached this doctrine was such a gentleman. Those were the things I learned. Um some of the people sitting in here that are from Newcastle, you will remember my dad even had Pentecostal ministers preach for us. &gt;&gt; Pentecostal minister, friend traveling through Newcastle, stopped in for a Wednesday night. My dad was going to preach. said, "Come up, come and preach for us." Uh, in other churches, it's taboo to let a denominational person preach. There were times when my dad would do a funeral and he would preach the main service and let the denominational man do the committal at the burial or either way us or weddings or something. Get them involved with us. Not if we wouldn't do it. If we if we could get along with Pentecostal, you denominational ministers, why not even our brothers in the message who preach a different doctrine? &gt;&gt; That's how we grew up, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; The the the Pentecostal ministers would never when they joined us, even if they preached in our church, the Pentecostal ministers knew who we were. They knew where we were in the message. They felt we were a cult. They hated William Brandom. But if they preach from our pullpit, they would not touch it. They would respect us cuz we respected them. They would never stand there. I remember the services they preached. They would preach about the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the blood of salvation. They would bring messages of hope and encouragement. And our message people literally enjoyed it. Came afterwards. My dad would come afterwards and lead the people into worship and go outside, stand there and greet the brother and go home. No issue. Nobody in our church came to brother Steven said why did you have a denominational minister preaching because we grew up recognizing everyone as Christians and fellowship with all of them. Yeah, I know. There's going to be people telling me, "No, no, no, no. I'm sorry. Anything but that, that's a mark of the beast. That's just If you don't, if you know what's mark of the beast, you'll be shocked and you'll be looking to your left and your right. I'm not saying that to scare you. It's just simply the truth. I think it's too easy to label other people as mark of the beast." &gt;&gt; Yeah. And there are a whole lot more sincere and followers of Christ and a lot of people who claim to be the message. We also have places where brother Baron says a lot of people you think will be there won't be there. &gt;&gt; A lot of people who you think won't be there will be there. &gt;&gt; I just had a a a minister friend of mine. We we're talking about it this week. He said to me, "Hey, brother, you know, it's so frustrating." We're talking about how frustrating it is sometimes with message people and we're talking about some of the judgmental uh people and I I just told him brother I'm going to use this that you told me. He said he told some people if it ever comes to the judgment and I have to be judged I don't want you judging me. I thought that was amazing. You know it's an amazing reality. You just ask yourself, just look around you in the message and ask yourselves if you want one of you judging everyone else and just think about it for a bit. Anyway, so growing up to this day, we we have kept good relations to this day. I keep good relations with all denominational friends, ministers. They love us, they respect us, we respect them. When they have prayer requests, they contact us to pray for them uh all the time. Every single year I get uh prayer requests from my denominational friends in in the ministry, ministers, pastors. We meet them at weddings and funerals and other functions. We collaborate with them. I mean some of my brothers, my siblings, they work with denominational groups for fundraisers for even their churches and uh doing things for charity work and stuff. We work with them. We It's easier to even work with them than to call a message church and say, "Let's go do a drive." Like, "No, sorry. We're wearing our t-shirts." &gt;&gt; And yet, we will go and help them and pass out stuff and do stuff with them with the denominational church and they got no issue. They're so happy we're helping them, you know. And yet, we'll have another message person say, "What are you doing? You're you're you're promoting their thing." No, we're not. We're just feeding hungry people. What are you talking about? And if we get a chance to a hungry person, give him food and he asks us where you from, we tell them we're from this church. &gt;&gt; We're not telling them you have to go there cuz they're handling this. No, I they know we have the freedom to speak whatever we want to. But we can get along as Christians. &gt;&gt; And when we're with them on their drives or whatever and we're at weddings or functions, we never try to push the prophet at them. If I'm preaching at a wedding of uh somebody from our church marrying somebody from another church or from any other religion, you'll never find me on the pulpit slamming the other people's religion. But do not do that. Or or saying the prophet's name just because I know it annoys these denominational people. If if I even have to read a quote of the prophet, I say the prophet said. I don't even use his name because to me the most important thing is the two people getting married. Let's just start their day off with happiness and least amount of stress and we'll deal with everything else afterwards. But why must they spoil the wedding for them? Why use the pulpit at a funeral to smash the nominational people? Somebody has died and people are grieving. &gt;&gt; Preach the word. Tell the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell you, and we've been doing this for years. I've never preached at a single place where somebody hasn't come up to me from a denominations or another religion saying, "You spoke the truth. You told us what we need and it's fantastic and it's amazing and thank you." And I mean, there'll be women standing in front of me with pants and doled up and makeup and earrings telling me how much they love the work. &gt;&gt; It's fine. They heard the truth. They accepted the truth but the only thing uh I know they all criticize me for is preaching too long and that I can deal with you know uh but um if anything I always get compliments from them. So the reason I'm saying all this is because uh from my youth young people and new people we have always served God in the message without fear. I've never lived in fear in this message and um never been controlled by my pastor. My point is if we get this right with unbelievers, why can we not get this right with believers, right? And we preach the word, we have no fear our people, I preach the word here without any fear of you falling away. To me, if you want to leave this church someday, you have my blessing. And then some of you will say, "But you don't care." No, I respect you. If you're making a choice, I'm respecting your choice. I'm not going to change your choice, right? Even if I love you, I'm going to tell you, listen, if you're choosing to go this way, here's what's going to happen. This is what you're going to face. And uh look, if things go bad, you're always welcome back, and we'll we'll be here to help you as best we can. But I'm not going to fight you. I'm not going to control you. I don't want to be controlled. So why must I control you? Right? So, and if people stay, it's because of their faith, their own faith. And we and not because we force you. There's not one person here who can tell me that I force you to stay in our church. You have the freedom to go and do whatever you need to. Okay? So, which brings us to the story of the message. Finally, story of the doctrines of the message. So, this may sound like it'll take a long, but you know, that depends on how well you can absorb Okay. So I just want to start by saying the ministry of the prophet young people the ministry of brother Brandon was unlike any other ministry of any prophet in the Bible. &gt;&gt; And I say that without favoritism. I got no reason to use favoritism. Not even Elijah, not even Moses, not any prophet in the Bible had a time like brother Bham was. To start off with, brother Benham was born in 1909. In 1906, the Pentecostal movement began in Isusa Street. Remember before 1906 there were all these American denominational churches filling America Episcopalian Baptist uh Methodist Lutheran Catholic all Protestant churches right then comes Isuza Street which comes in in a black church in California and then the Holy Ghost comes out with tongues interpretations prophecies and starts spreading through white churches in America and uh the Orthodox churches and they start to accept some of the movements and Then some of the white ministers and men and women start to embrace the outpouring of the of the Holy Ghost. And that starts to shift and those churches start to become a little bit more um uh uh lively in accepting the anointing and accepting new revelation. Right? And then brother is born in 1909. He is the only prophet to live and preach through two world wars. world wars, including a nuclear bomb being dropped. He's the only prophet who lived through drugs being mass-roduced, alcohol being mass-roduced. I'm telling you, Moses did not have to deal with mass-produced alcohol, mass-produced smoking, mass-produced drugs. &gt;&gt; He's the only prophet to live through rock and roll. He's the only prophet who lived through women's skirts coming up to here and their neck lines dropping to there and high heels and painted faces and earrings and hair cut like boys. There's never been another prophet in history who faced such things. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Worldwide movements. There's never been another prophet who had to face rock and roll, pop, jazz, &gt;&gt; brass band, Hollywood, women's liberation, abortion, conservative and liberal politics. Before you try and knock the prophet down, think back and show me one prophet in the Bible or in the history of Christianity who had to live through something like that. who had to bring a word to the people and correct their behavior while giving them the truth. &gt;&gt; Not a single prophet. Not even the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; That's the truth. Why did it make such an impact upon the world at the time? Because they couldn't deny and refute the things he was telling them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. You had you literally had ministers come out of a of a church preach and their congregants are smoking in the churchyard or they're having fundraisers where they're selling alcohol and people are getting drunk in a Methodist church. And here comes this humble Kentucky who is not even educated. He comes from this backward place and he comes in front of all these educated theolog theologians and speaks the word and he's got science to back it up. Do you agree with me? There's never been a ministry like this one. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is not me make this is you. You are agreeing with it because you know it is the actual truth of our day. Amen. &gt;&gt; There has never been a ministry, not even Billy Graham and Oral Roberts, who took it upon themselves to correct the deeds of the of the of America, to shout back against Hollywood, to tell them they're destroying the youth with drugs and alcohol. Of course, they talk diplomatically. He was a true Elijah. He was not diplomatic. He called it like he saw it. &gt;&gt; And they didn't like him for that. Now what I'm saying to you is that's where it begins right then he dies and his death leaves turmoil amongst the people who had accepted his word because he told them the coming of the lord is at hand and many other things. So immediately the first thing that comes up is seven men, seven voices, seven thunders starts to go and people now those seven men who became the seven thunders actually didn't even agree with each other. So they already had problems with that from the get-go. What was the main This is the story of the doctrines of the message. What is the main problem they all had? So they all agreed God sent a prophet. They all were very excited with triple 6 being revealed. explained the the mark of the beast. They were very excited. They were very excited to push back against the Catholic Church. They were very excited to push back against Pentecostalism. They were united in that. They were united in baptism and godhead and serpent seed. They were very knit with that. What was the problem? The seventh seal. &gt;&gt; All the doctrines that we have been through are about the seventh seal. &gt;&gt; How is it this related to the first coming? Because the seventh seal is about the second coming. Amen. &gt;&gt; Right. So every doctrine that came up young people is because of the seven seal. &gt;&gt; So but they most of the brothers at the time decided let's just push the seven seal aside. Let's not talk about it. Let's agree to talk about the stuff we agree with. That's already starting to sound nickelan. Right? But it had good reason and God permitted it. Why? Because inside of these brothers, they had a passion. He's gone. Let's take it to the world. Let's travel the globe. Let's take it to the world. And that's what they did. They printed the message in simplicity. They took the books and tapes at that time all over the world and it became a passion. They came to Africa with barely any money. They brought books here with with them. They lived. They came here not knowing anybody. While we were fighting through a partade, they were taking books. There were many of them thrown in prison. Thrown in prison in Russia, in China, in Europe, went across the world, took whatever little money they had and took the message across the people, changing communities, baptizing people, taking people out of denominational strongholds. This is what these brothers did. You can fault them for not being for not knowing what the seventh seal is, but if they knew what the seventh seal was, they wouldn't have traveled. True. This is the thing they would they would have stayed back and decided let's study. Let's get to know this. Let's in the meantime the word is not spreading. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So God had to use this lack of knowledge of the seven seal to inspire them to take the word to the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Set up churches, set up libraries, set up printing presses, set up schools in some places. And their passion was spreading the message. brother, sister, it was nothing short of amazing. I have the greatest respect for them because I I don't think I could could have done that. Somewhere along the line, men who were with the prophet, who remained in the United States, were not traveling, started spreading the notion of presenting the word by beginning with the prophet's name. So the idea a culture began when you meet somebody new you start with have you heard of William Brandham &gt;&gt; it worked for a while because like who's William Brand you know a great prophet Malachi 4 Malachi 4:5 and 6 and you start there and the people people at that time were just like fresh into Christianity or something and they oh yeah really yeah and do you know Christ came back in 90 no 1963 February 28 cloud appears in the sky. They were not even too sure. But great great anointing came down and this man and play a tape for him, give him a track and show them about the the the uh Godhead and something against the Catholic Church or something and it was phenomenal. People started responding. The only issue is how long can you keep telling people have you heard of William Brandon? At some some point you have to slow down because then everyone knew about it and not everything was good. See the moment you have you heard of William Brandham? Yes. Please don't tell me anymore. Thank you. Goodbye. &gt;&gt; That's where we are today. &gt;&gt; Right. So that can no longer be your line of evangelism. So you can say it is wrong now and you may be right that God should that we should not do that now but God allowed it then and it would cause some to reject and some to accept but then like with the first coming what happens is it doesn't even take a few years and human leadership starts to step in okay who's the main leader now that the prophet is off the scene some brothers would say I think it's brother so and so another another group would say no I think it's brother so and so another And then people form a movement around him and a church and that church is set up. That's how quick, right? And the problem was the message churches began to form and men who were with the prophet were immediately given more importance than others only because these men were with the prophet. They saw his life. Their stories were amazing. The testimonies were amazing. But they had no ministry. They couldn't preach. If you are to ask them about the seven seal, they didn't know anything. All they knew was the services, the anointing, the healing lines, the discernment. They could go on for hours and hours and hours and hours and tell you about it. And then the brothers who were elected pastors, they were actually evangelists with itchy feet. They were not really pastors. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. They really didn't want to sit home and spend 10 years teaching a church. They were so fired up and passionate. They were evangelists. They wanted to go to Africa and to Malawi in Africa and and to Zer in the Congo and they wanted to go to North Africa and China and they wanted to bust up Russia and get through the iron curtain and all this. Oh, they were amazing. That's what they wanted. But that's not a pastor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, what happens when the pastor who's actually an evangelist leaves and goes away for a whole month? What happens behind? Right? So the truth is they didn't see this as a problem. And at that time you're talking about the 1960s and '7s. If you're a pastor at that time of a group of church that has just started, just simple people. They started with no microphones, keyboards, uh mixers, all this stuff that we have, cameras, perfect sound. They had like a accordion, a banjo. They had no microphones that they just had small little groups who would sit around together. a woman play a tamarine and it was wonderful. And the pastors didn't have a problem with not teaching. They were they were like and think about this. If you were in that time, you would just say, "Bring them in. Come on, get baptized right now. If you believe it, get baptized right now. Give up your sinful ways. Commit to Christ. Here's the books. Read. Teach yourself. Just read the message. Learn by yourself. You will as you read the Holy Spirit will reveal it to you. Don't worry, the raptor is happening soon. Could be tomorrow and you just stay here, read the books. Don't worry, we we're moving to Africa next week. And you go to Africa and you're thinking the church is fine. And we cannot fault them for thinking like that. As people began to come in while the pastors were away, books were being printed, libraries were being set up elsewhere, questions and answers started to happen. Questions started arising. One brother in the church while the pastor was away thought he could answer. Then teachers started coming up. Right? So in the meantime uh in in the time where not everyone had a great understanding and very few books were printed they majored on what would happen when there's fewer books. What would the church depend on? Gifts of the Holy Ghost. So every church that came in reading the prophet listening to the message every person had a gift. Dreams, visions, prophecies, tongues and interpretations. And that went on for a whole decade because everybody had to have it. I mean, they would be so prophetic they would tell you what you're having for tea after the service. Someone had a dream about it. I'm not kidding you. This is how prophetic they were. It was all nonsense. There were there were very few true gifts and many false gifts that came up because of a culture, right? Many ministries didn't even help bring maturity with all these gifts flying around. They just encouraged I tell you how bad it was. We ended up with churches here in Durban where one person would dream that that sister must marry that brother and God showed it to them. God showed it to them. They married, they divorced in one year. What happened? That sister was influenced by the parents to have a prophecy to make them get married because it was in somebody's interest. It happened here in Dublin. We had plenty of situations like that. Of course, it happens in the Pentecostal churches. It's like it's like co out there. And they think they can fool us in the Pentecostal churches. you you can be sitting at at a meeting and you hear someone stand up with a with tongues and interpretation that we just know. We know what this is. We've seen it before, right? So there were many true gifts. There were true gifts but much more false gifts that began to rise and nobody questioned it because they were afraid to question it. Teachers suddenly someone came up and said there needs to be a five-fold ministry. So a teacher, we must have a teacher. We must have a pastor. We must have an evangelist. We must have an apostle. We must have this set up. And all the churches must have this. And they're not realizing the teacher who's going to rise up. He's going to be dedicating himself to teaching. He's not going to get in tithes because all the tithes goes to the pastor. But the teacher is now going to teach things and it's going to conflict with the pastor. And they didn't realize it's going to happen. And then the teacher is going to get kicked out. Then the teacher was going to think, "Okay, is that how you're going to treat me? All I was doing was good for you. Fine. I'm going to travel to all the other churches and teach. And that's what they did. They start traveling from church to church. And this poor teacher not realizing he's going to break up every church is going to teach at literally happened. Okay. Eventually there came a split in the ministry as and we we still looking at the 70s, right? 60s moving to the 70s. Teachers began to settle some qualms about the message, but they couldn't answer the seven se. So they came to split in the ministry. As more brothers couldn't see eye to eye on the seventh seal, questions arose about the seals and the thunders. And at that time the community of the message was so small. Uh nobody could really identify which doctrine started where, right? Uh and it was more like you're speaking about something, something gets believed and and then you talk more about it and you know, but you don't really know. this brother started it on the 7th of May this and that and that. No, nobody knows it. So the simplest way that the people at the time believed that we should approach the seven seal and seven thunders was simply this that the seven thunders were the revelations of the seventh seal. So one thunder, one seal. One thunder, one seal. One thunder, one seal. Because brother Brandon said they are the seven divinely revealed mystery truths contained in the seven seals. So that became a common thread and everyone believes the revelation of one seal is the thunder. Have you heard that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That that's a very common thing. So uh most believers at this time were in North America were from North America. And here's a here's the thing now where you find doctrines come from a cultural place, right? The believers in North America at that time were very conservative and very legalistic people and uh their cultures were that way and they were dedicated to spreading the message and keeping it in the spirit that brother Brandham left it. That's what they thought they were doing. So they started the notion that the prophet is returning when they read the quotes on the 10 vision which they started the return ministry. The return ministry started among friends of the prophet and people who were there after he died and and and um because they couldn't make sense of the seventh seal. He must come back and make everything right. Got it. Quite easy. Uh so we are not sure of the exact date and time uh but something happened to combat this return ministry and it is the doctrine we know as the seven thunders seven virtues. It was not just combating the return ministry it was also combating the um the the the group of friends that were with the prophet and this doctrine started in New York City. It began to grow and spread the faster than any other doctor. It was like like weeds. Not any slight on it, but it that's how fast it was moving. And here's the problem. South Africans, it grew the fastest here in South Africa. It was sweeping. It was vibrant. It was charismatic. It was led by an anointed, knowledgeable, gifted group of men. These men were not just readers of the message, students of the message. They had a gift of moving a crowd. You could be sitting among them and you would literally stand up and feel like doing what they're doing because you feel like a total idiot if you're not doing what they're doing. That's how gifted they were. And the crowd would be moved and they when they preached they became like fluent in like phrases, catchphrases and buzzwords and colloial expressions. I mean a brother would just say my my my my eruption. All he said was my my my my. That's how charismatic they were, right? I mean they would never mind rather not say that they became known for these buzzwords colloial expressions antics dancing jumping shouting when I mean jumping and shouting I mean can you imagine while I'm preaching all of you just doing this while I'm preaching constantly for 15 minutes those guys must have had killer calves Right. They had completely over-the-top emotions, catchy songs, songs. Some of the most beautiful songs, you know, like and and fantastic. Charity never faileth. No, no, no. Charity never faileth. No, no, no. Um, it is the dynamics to my mechanics. Seven thunders gives rapturing faith. Charity never failth. No, no, no. Brilliant. Songs were written, catchy tunes, catchy movements, rhythms and gifts of the Holy Ghost of all kinds filled the church. It swept through Africa. When I say swept through Africa, I mean it just came through and liberated all the non-whites. That's what happened. You see, it became in our country, it became the perfect thing to fight back against the white man because the white man was the cold formal legalist who was sticking with brother so and so from America. So amongst the blacks, colored Indians, this thing was phenomenal because it put us into this power where we these white guys were not they don't have what we have. We've got the power. It immediately went to race. That's what I hated about it being here. immediately went to this thing like we were we were one group of people and we were fighting against another. That's not what the message came to do. &gt;&gt; And they didn't realize it. Even though they were not openly preaching it, they were racist. &gt;&gt; I know. I sat among them. I heard them talk about the white man and talk about this and that's a white thing and that's a white thing. This is not a true doctrine of God to be able to do that. I don't care whether you came up under slavery, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; or aparate or whatever. The moment you take the gospel of God and go to racism, &gt;&gt; it's a filthy spirit. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; That's not who we are. &gt;&gt; We are called from every kindred nation, tribe, and tongue. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter what victim you are, where you came from, whether you're on the other side. And let me tell you, on the other side, the same story. The white believer was, "Look at this bunch of univilized. Look how they're acting. This is why because they're uneducated and univilized." It was the same. Both sides didn't realize they were all racist. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Most people couldn't even identify these folks by their doctrine. They used to call them the thunders movement because of their behavior. If you ask majority of the people in the message in South Africa what they taught, nobody knows. &gt;&gt; All they know is they they teach the seven thunders as the virtues, but everyone knows by the how they shout and scream and perform. &gt;&gt; And like if you go to a convention, you just know the thunders people because they're all the ones jumping up in front. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Screaming in the pastor's face, shouting, running up, banging pulpits, banging here, falling on the floor. Everyone sits there thinking, "Oh, there they go again." these thunders people. You come out of the service, brother, how was the service? Oh, it was thundering and you know he's criticizing the thunders movement. It was thundering, brother. It was thundering. We've been through all that. Okay? And so, everybody could give the label to who they are, but they couldn't explain. And you know when I was younger I read what they believed. I went through their doctrines. Even here I think it would have been just before 2012 20 2011 2012 we preached I preached to you and I did all the ministries that came up after the prophet and went through what their doctrines were for the people at that time. It was phenomenal the things they taught right and uh the doctrine was very attractive because of uh it it was supporting the seven seals being open and supporting the thunders while everyone else was shutting it down. Right? God want what was God doing? Why was he allowing this? Because he wanted the people to push forward. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; From staying this side of Jordan. This ministry brought something to the forefront that people could be brave, could be courageous. They could stake their claim on the opening of the seventh seal. They could stake their claim on the thunders being revealed. And people started getting brave enough to read the message and open their eyes to it. God allowed it. And uh you know looking that at the age the age started in 1906 with Isuza Street in Pentecostal church and then they organized the baptism of the Holy Ghost and here God has to allow this movement to come in the message to bring back this anointing. But what happened was you have uh the conservative people started preaching out against them. The conservative legalist started calling them uh Thunderbirds from New York and Pentecostal pussycats. And then the seven thunders group started calling the the legalist serpent sea. I mean, you're already talking about the 70s. &gt;&gt; Not even not even 10 years past the prophet, they're already calling each other names. And so what happened is when this side started speaking against this one and this one started speaking against this one, they both doubled down. They made themselves double strong and the thunders group doubled down and became even more shouty more and and with that they became more liberal and the legalists became more legalistic and distanced themselves and separated and started preaching not to join them not to join them. Then as it happens with every movement that is founded uh or rather that is not founded in truth and honesty the thunders group began to have internal problems human leadership and gifts out of control caused them all to have problems such problems that I mean it went to marital problems immorality problems unrighteousness affecting even leadership amongst the movement at first being so united and dedicated in spreading their new found belief. They were now divided based on personal differences. As it got to the 80s, they were already dividing. This one speaking against that one, this one against that one, this one having more anointing than the other one. This one closer to the big guy. Already in the 80s, it was rife, right? And they went for three decades strong, holding strong, separating, but still holding strong until it just died in the 2000s. Like I mean it fell flat. Many of them distanced themselves from it saying we disagree with the main guy. We disagree with this one. We disagree with we're independent. They left it but it never left them. &gt;&gt; We all know that cuz the behavior is still the same. And basically what hit them is corruption of the gifts because you how do you tell a person who is speaking in tongues and prophesying that he's speaking wrong? How do you tell them after you bred it into them that they must do that that they must jump shout scream? How do you how when you know someone is has an immoral problem in the church and they faint in every service with the Holy Ghost. How do you correct that? Because you made them believe they can have the Holy Ghost and keep come back and repeat and repeat. They got the dynamics but they sleeping with someone else's wife. There were arguments about the legitimacy of the church age book. And this is the problem we had. While the thunders group is having their issues, the legalist group is having its issues. Suddenly there's these people in North America started having issues about the church ages. They're saying the church age book was written by a brother not by the prophet. Once they did that they canled out the quote that says this. Let's look at this quote from Leodysian church age. If you break out the church age book and and say it's not written by the prophet you break out this this me the messenger of Malachi 4 revelations 10:7 is going to do two things. One according to Malachi 4 he will turn our hearts to the children to the fathers. two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in revelations 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. If you cut out the church age book, you cut out quotes like this and many other things. And when you cut this out, you do not see the the thunders being part of the seven seals that were preached. &gt;&gt; Why? Simply because of disagreements between brothers who chose to demonize one particular one. and God permitted this. So this led to many of the legalists uh to conclude that the prophet made many errors and they were going to correct the prophet on his errors. Which brings us to the 1977 debacle because brother Bar said I predict I do not prophesy that the ushering in of the millennium will be in 1977. If you only know what happened here in South Africa, &gt;&gt; there was a fellow who claimed, come not at your wives, sell your homes, sell your cars, live perfect. The rapture is taking place in 1977. But the man said, "I predict, I do not prophesy, it will be the ushering in of the millennium." He didn't say the rapture is taking place. He didn't say a translation. That's all he said. The ushering in of the millennium. They went berserk. The ministers, can you imagine stayed away from their wives for a whole year? These guys kept it until the guy who started it, they found his wife was pregnant the next year. But that's how bad it was. And they were seriously to this day, they seriously criticized the message because they believe he preached the wrong doctrine. But yet, if you go and read the quotes, it doesn't tell you to do that. This brought a lot of discouragement to many. But after the effects wore off, both legalists and now liberals of North America began to grow in numbers and strengthen their sides and the influence uh both liberals and legalists began to race to bring more people in. They traveled the globe. They set up churches. They set up libraries. They printed books. And while all this was happening and they're fighting among seven thunders perusia or seven thunders return ministry seven seal open ABCs all they were fighting against each other because the books were being printed and and were being taken small ministries begin to rise everywhere in the strangest ways ministers started coming from hearing the message on a train on buses on planes on ships in street corners at the beach. There'd be some evangelist preaching at the beach and someone would come in and get baptized right there. The weirdest, strangest places, the message was we had reports of a brother who received the message because a message book was left in the toilet to be used as toilet paper. He goes to this public toilet, picks up this book, reads it, turns over, sees the address, contacts the pastor, and comes into the message. We were one of those independent churches who received we received the message in Newcastle. And from the get-go of receiving the message, we were told from day one, do not believe or listen to anyone who talks about seventh seal, seven thunders, or third pole. Imagine receiving the message that way. Right. What they didn't realize was the more they told us not to, the more we were going to get into it. They were actually by telling us not to do this, they were pointing at it and all the independent ministries began to study, look at it. Now the books were coming to them and independent ministries began to see the the word for themselves without relying on seven thunders virtues or peruia or return ministry. We're not even hearing those things. We're just reading the message and growing. So, not long after this, the Peruia doctrine comes in, which as I explained to you how it is, but basically it was in reaction to what the others were teaching. Got it? And was completely the the doctrine itself was completely amazing in its explanation. But for more than a decade, they were very excited to teach it. They spread it through their churches to the ministers who agreed with them. But after a decade, they started losing their children. Children started backsliding. Churches in this this movement were left with just old people holding up the fort. Because if you're teaching legalism, this is what's going to happen to your young people, right? And uh so to be able to try and keep the young people, they had to get the people back to preaching a holy clothes line, uh dressing right, double down on laws, standards of the message, standards of COD, and stay with the ABCs. People, simple people, that's all they wanted to do. They couldn't understand this this intellectualism, right? So the simple people in the message would not teach any doctrines. Like we had majority of people here in Durban for many many years would not even touch the seven seal of the thunders. They for many years said stay away from the deep things. Stay with the ABCs. Do not believe brother so and so. Do not believe brother so and so. This one this one and so they literally would name them and have nothing to do with them. Just stay with the ABCs. Live the life and get ready for the rapture. That was it. Obviously that was going to fail because what happens under that nature of cood stay with the ABCs live a holy life. What happens every person becomes a judge. That's what happens. You think you're living the life you then start becoming a judge that judges every single one in your own church. Right? And so I mean if you're preaching clothes line every service and after five years the clothes change now what do you do? You preach again and then it changes another five years. What do you do again and again? Right? They failed to notice this critical spirit rising within them and their people became judges. Uh and here's the other thing. They got to this place where they say only what the prophet said. Okay. Eventually they would individually believe that every one of them were the only ones saying what the prophet said. Even in their own churches, if another brother came and preached, the other ministering brother was waiting for them at the door to say that's not what the prophet said. So even in their own churches where they were disagreeing with other people for not saying what the prophet said, they started disagreeing with each other for not saying what the prophet said. The story of say what the prophet said became a real issue to them. &gt;&gt; Right? Then churches became super legalistic holding their own members in prison of spirituality covering up scores of scandals of all kinds and that were uncovered later. They continue this way and many are still stuck today. By the turn of the 21st century, entering the 2000, the the thunders and Peruia doctrines that held dominance over the message for three decades began to spiral, lose control, and lose their appeal. People were not no longer interested in them. Independent churches were much stronger in larger numbers. Didn't need them. Didn't need to listen to them. Didn't need to pay attention to them. They started dying off. Right? the two sides. Uh doctrines began to explode into the pot like the coming of the Lord took place in 63. We just waiting for the translation or the rapture is over. It's time for the we're in the millennium or the two laws doctrine and smaller groups just started burst into right with the other two being suppressed. More splits occurred, more personality clashes between ministries. Uh you had other kinds of splits about maybe the mercy seat, the lamb leaving the mercy seat or mercy is over or the eighth day or the bride age or the appearing and the coming or the son of man ministry and the split split split splits. This is your history young people. Another important and and around about 2005 I would say and moving upwards another important uh thing occurred the defect from the message began to fight back on the internet and there became this obsession against brandism. We were three decades without people bothering about who we were. Now suddenly with the internet there were these people that were hurt in a church break away from the message go to the internet and make it their obsession their every waking obsession to slam William Brandon and to bring down every church and ministry they can. They didn't realize that by doing that they actually became brandites. Right? Another because you're obsessed with the man. Right? Another important reaction occurred then. So today now saints after what we saw in our history, it's flipping. It's like it's all flipping. What's happening is all those legalists who stayed with the intellectualism of the message have realized they were losing people and now they're trying to get radical. They are trying to resurrect gifts, sensations, emotions. and this other side which came from these thunders and and and emotional groups are trying to be more legalistic to get control of their people. This is what's happening. This is what we see. And so uh the the conservative legalists are trying to resurrect Holy Ghost meetings, sensations, shouting, fainting, falling, running, making a noise. And on the other side, they're becoming cold and formal. If you start listening to the thunders groups now, it's crazy. They're even sounding more intellectual than the other groups. And yet, brother says this. Let's read. Spoken word is we almost done. Spoken word is the original seed. I'm sorry this is long, but it has to be done. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Then from a little group of the true seed of the word, God will present Christ, a beloved bride, a virgin, a virgin of his word. Do you see that? from a little group of the true seed of the word and a word of promise in himself like it was in Mary. He act himself uh uh by his own word of promise. So to fulfill all that has been written of him as he did when he come from the virgin womb type of the spirit womb now so will the virgin now accept his word but be it unto me as uh thou was said though it is said by an angel while it was written Isaiah 9:6 they will love him they will have his potentials for he is the head and they are his subjects subject to his word headship of Christ this is what is going to happen right now and is and has been happen from a little group of the seedword God will start working in there. Okay. So then a change starts taking place in the world in the message and uh becoming more personal. Somehow the word went from these camps to becoming more personal. Ministers started to apply the word to the personal lives of people and people started waking up. They started having a a a more intimate relationship with the word. It wasn't anymore about triple 6 and William Brandham and and this and that. Now it's like how does this help me with my family? How does it help me with my job? How does it help me with with my work and applying it to my life? The seven seals to my life. That's what started happening. And mysteriously the word was being preached and people around the world being preaching the word becoming flesh in the bride. The God had been fulfilled with the bride. And perhaps maybe that was what is called or people are labeling as the bride coming movement. I'm just guessing. Right. So perhaps there are those who will preach in the you know that in the second coming the Lord Jesus he will come his body in the skies. Perhaps that's going too far. Perhaps there will be some who will take it too far and say that we are becoming him. I am Jesus. Maybe that's going a bit too far to say you are Jesus, right? Maybe you instead of saying Jesus, you should be saying Christ. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Anointed vessel. See, if you say something like that that triggers somebody else, there's going to be push back at that. You understand? And those who will take another too far and say his literal body will be in the skies. Perhaps that's going to fall and hindering a complete revelation. Whatever it is, when it goes too far, God allows push back to straighten things out. Ultimately, from the beginning of the message till now, many opportunistic opportunistic men have been using the message of this humble prophet to amass riches and popularity to their name or their church's name. According to the prophet's warnings, churches have become lodges for religious message organization to be the very curse we swore not to be. Men begin to stray from the original truth, even claiming to be higher than the prophet. Many people sense this. Now, what are we leading you to the last one? Because of what men's ministries have been doing, we now get the push back to that which is press play and obey. Why? What is it telling you? Stop following a man. Get back to the voice. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right? You can say all you want against them, but why are you not saying what message ministers are doing with the message? to elevate themselves, to elevate what they say, to put themselves up above other people, to bring down other ministries. This is an exact reaction. Press, play, and obey is an exact reaction to other men making kingdoms for themselves. &gt;&gt; And God has permitted it. So, here we are today in 2025. We're new believers and youth, you're finding yourselves here. You never knew all this. You never knew why. You are warned against things like this. And this generation that was born in the promised land, they do not, let me put it in this way, you don't even know what you're fighting for. Some of you don't even know there is even a fight, right? And uh take the time to understand, young people, and appreciate that you are here today because of the work of these great men. I call them great because I believe they were. They worked for the gospel. They brought it to where it is today. No matter what mistakes they made or how much troubles and trials they've been through, we are here today because of every last one of them. &gt;&gt; Amen. They did not realize how they were being used by the Holy Spirit to protect the seed from becoming a denomination. Maybe the reason why there had to be so much disagreements was so that we could never be a denomination. Maybe God was protecting it that way so it'll come to the end and then come to the unity of the faith. They all believed. If I think back when I was a child and teenager and speaking to many of these ministers because they would come to our home and I would have chats with them and every single one of them believed there needs to be unity. Not one of those brothers believed, nah, forget about those people. They all had this hungering in their heart for unity. And yet they just didn't know how. And many took the bait of the enemy and fell to popularity, money, so many, you know, good, strong, faithful people, but they believed, you know, right up till the very end, they believed there should be unity. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So, we may want to know what the doctrines are, and maybe for the wrong reasons. What I'm saying to you is now that I've explained all the doctrines, how it started, and the history, what are you going to do with it? Are you going to fight back at them? Are you going to use your knowledge of what they teach to fight back at them? There isn't a reason to do that. What What was it all really about? The seventh seal. What was the seven thunders and seven virtues about? Push back against former legalism, brandism, return ministry, stay with the ABCs. It was born from the desire to have a more personal and more enjoyable walk with God. Seven thunder virtues, right? Bring the dynamics, get the people lively again. What was Buua about? Push back against return ministry and outofcontrol liberal culturalism, charismatic moves in the seven thunders movement. When that thing went overboard, there was push back to write the boat. What was the seventh seal is not open and thunders not revealed about. push back against limiting the coming of the Lord to one day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because people were saying he came in February 28, 1963 coming is over. So the push back on that was no 70 is not open. We're still waiting for this and this and this. God permitted it. Why? What was the rapture is over and we are in the millennium. push back against not even seeing the rapture as a process taking place right now. What was two lords about? Push back against oneness godhead that most message people have which is rife in the message limiting the revelation of the seventh seal. Because if you only have a oneness conception of the godhead, how do you see you becoming God? How do you see the bride being God made flesh on earth? The two Lord system made way for the people to look past that push back against it because everyone is expecting a singular um movement in the coming of the Lord. Nobody sees the word coming made flesh in the bride, she becoming him, he becoming her, the two dimensions, heaven and earth embracing. What was the bride coming? push back against seeing the coming of the corporal body of Jesus and not seeing the word becoming flesh in the bride. So what is press play and obey? Push back against abuse of message ministers using the message to set up private kingdoms hurting people and not leading the Bible to the truth of this generation. God permitted it all. And they're all there for a reason. Just like in the first coming there were Pharisees, Sadducees, Essenes, diaspora, every last one of them, scribes. They were all necessary and they were all disciples of Christ. &gt;&gt; Individuals. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So in closing, defining what you believe. So what do we do, brother L? What do we believe? What is our label? Oh, I hate that. What do we believe? Can you tell us what we believe? Don't you know what you believe? Right. The need I want to tell you this. The need to define your doctrine is a problem. &gt;&gt; The need to define your movement is a problem. You are not called to limit or define your belief to congregate around something. You must be able to hear the word and recognize truth. This is a there there is a gene seed in you. You must believe there is a gene seed in you that when it hears the truth, it will respond. You must be able to listen to a brother who's preaching seven thunder virtues and when when he says something that is true, say amen to it. And that which you don't respond to, let it go. &gt;&gt; You must be able to listen to a brother teaching Peruia and see the value in the Perua. And anything else that goes astray, you must be able to chop that away. You must be able to listen to a brother who's preaching the seventh seal is not open, live a holy life, and say yes to live a holy life. &gt;&gt; You must be able to put Netflix off and press play and obey. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; you are not meant to be caged by defending a doctrine. The book has been open to set you free. The bride is not a movement of a man or a church led by a group. It's individuals. &gt;&gt; That's what Malachi 4 said. So how do you know whether you are being limited? 1 Corinthians 1:12-15. This is right in the Bible. Now this I say that every one of you saith. I am of Paul and I am of Apollos. I am of Cphus and I of Christ. You mean it happened in Paul's day? Oh yes. The first church age, they were already split. &gt;&gt; I opposed. Paul says, "Is Christ divided?" &gt;&gt; I mean, you're not even seeing this. &gt;&gt; One says, "I am of Paul." Last one, I am of Christ. &gt;&gt; One is literally, can you see it? That's what they did. We are with brother Brandham, not with brother so and so. &gt;&gt; They lit and Paul is asking, "Is Christ divided?" And then he says, "And was Paul crucified for you? Or were you baptized in the name of Paul?" Paul is actually expressing his his uh uh frustration. I thank God I baptized none of you except for Christmas and Gaes lest any should say that I baptized in my own name. And then he later says, "And oh yes, there was this other family that I baptized to. I'm glad I baptized none of you. So you can't have any claim to me." Look at that nature already there. Eye of Paul, eye of Christ. So this is it saints. If you are under a ministry, uh you you can see under the ministry of the first coming, right? How they were divided. If you are under a ministry that has defined itself and differentiated itself from others based on a brother's name, you're in trouble. Right? If you are under a ministry that defines itself to differentiate from others. If you are under a ministry that feels it needs to protect you and prevent you from fellowshipping with other others, it is a weak revelation that you have and it's controlling you by religion. A ministry that speaks the truth is not complex and does not need to use the pulpit to correct others by name or demonize and declare that others are are false based on their revelation of the word. You just preached the truth. We can warn you. I I would warn you against somebody who is unrighteous, immoral, and those with hidden agendas who want to circumvent the natural purpose of the church. But why do I need to stand here and prove seven thunders, seven virtues, false? I don't even want to waste my time telling you how the thunders is not the virtues. I'd rather spend time telling you what the thunders is. Why speak out against other people? Right? Colossians 2:18-23. This is we're closing with this. Are you listening? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Grab it so I don't have to preach on it. Let no man begal you of your reward in voluntary humility and worshiping of angels. This is Paul the Pharisee speaking. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Who believed in angels. &gt;&gt; Right. Let no man beguile you of your reward in voluntary humility. That means religion and worshiping of angel intruding into those things which he had not seen vainly puffed up in his fleshly mind and not holding the head the word from all the body joints bands giving nourishment ministered knit together verse 20 wherefore if you be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world why as though living in the world are you subject to ordinances it's telling you the bride of Christ does not need to be controlled by cood &gt;&gt; by laws of the message. We don't need to be policed. We don't need to be constantly checked on. We don't need to be constantly corrected just because addressing changes here. Preach the word, man. &gt;&gt; Preach the love of the gospel and watch the love of the gospel change them. You don't have to preach at them. What is he saying? Touch not, taste not, handle not. All these things which are all to perish with the using. If you're going to subject the bride to laws of religion, laws of righteousness, you will perish with it. Right? After the commandments and doctrines of men, last verse, which things, even all those things that tell you don't do this, don't do this, don't listen to that, don't watch that, don't go there, don't. They are things they have a indeed a show of wisdom in will worship right. What is will worship? Your own will works. They have a show of wisdom in works. They're only going to edify yourself. How? By trying to make you look holier than other people. By you becoming a master of rules and a master of abstinence. It's only going to show a show of wisdom in will worship and humility as in piousness. I'm a holy man. I don't do this. I don't do that. I'm like this. I come from the church. The I'm a holy man. Humility and neglecting of the body is abstinence. I don't eat this. I don't eat that. I don't go there. I don't dress like this. I don't not in any honor to the satisfying of the flesh. It's got no honor in it. It's only satisfying the flesh. The scripture tells us that. So what we're saying to you, the doctrine of the church, in closing, could not cause the church to become a or should not cause your church to become a police state. Faith does not take away your free will. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If the church is taking away your free will, it is against God. If the doctrine you're following is taking away your free will, it is against God. If it is against God because every and it is against God because every member of the bride is a free agent. If the church is controlling you by fear of not making the rapture, keeping up with appearances of righteousness, then it is not living true and will fail on being natural and true to oneself. You will fail with marriages, will fail with relationships, you will fail with so many things. Why? Because you are operating on a legal basis. Having said all that, yeah, young people, as the church, we are not meant to sit back and just let you live liberal and live unrighteous and go off in the world and have filthy habits. We can't do that. I, you know, I deal with my my 8-year-old whenever he comes to me and he says, "Nah, why are you not letting me? You never let me do anything." I said, "Okay, okay. You want to do it? Okay. If you do it and you get it wrong, what should I do to you? tell me what punishment should you have and he usually goes for the max because he's so confident he won't do it wrong and then he goes and gets it wrong. So then I say according to you this is the punishment I must you see what I'm saying to you young people is when you get this idea that you can just handle yourself without getting into the word and you can just go live a holy a liberal life smudging yourself up with the world thinking you have strength and you'll never fail. This has already been tried. &gt;&gt; This has already been tried. We went there. We got the t-shirt and we burnt the t-shirt. It failed. Okay. Without the love of the word of God in you, you're not going to succeed. This is where we've got to come to. &gt;&gt; Amen. If it loves you, your doctrine, your church, if it loves you, your church will talk to you with dis with with with indiscretion, but with love, with wisdom, and with understanding and redeem you back to the foe. There is wisdom in maintaining order, young people, new people. To have a church that has good order, some rules, and not have chaos is good. It helps the word to be preached. It's not uh you know um uh having good decorum. It is just not the highest priority for us. Like we're if if if the b if a baby is slightly out of control, I'm not going to stand here and shout at the parent. If a if somebody is dressed slightly off today, I'm not going to spend my time focusing on that person. Uh it's not my priority to be causally correcting people. The word is our highest pri priority. Say brother, but that's the word to correct. No, that's not the word. You can do that in any organization in the world. Right? That's just common decency. That's common things that we can do. Strap up your life. Get straight. Be a little better person. That's not the word. That's not the word of this day. The word of this day is introducing you to the bridegroom to love him with all your heart, with all your soul. If the church is afraid to trust you, it means it is not preaching the book that is open in its fullness and it doesn't understand that God's sons do not need protection or policing. All right? So, I want to tell you saints, uh, I'm not here to act like I'm the greatest shepherd in the world that's going to protect you from the wolves. We've reached the stage where the role of shepherds is ending. Uh, it's now time that you stop being bleeding sheep that are always victims and falling off cliffs. I mean, how long has the path been tread? You keep straying off and falling off cliffs. The path is so available. There are even signs there telling you there's the path. No, it's the shepherd's fault. You should have put more signs. You know, maybe build fences along the cliff edge. It's his fault. What is your problem for not staying on the path? Stop making excuses. &gt;&gt; This is where we are today. And I'm going to trust you. even to fall off the cliff and climb back up. I'm not going to catch you every single time. Sometimes you can only learn by banging your head because then you won't do it again. I'll be there to pray for you. I'll be there to counsel you and bring you back and help you have some restitution and whatever it is, but I'm not going to pull you along and tell you that I'm going to get you into heaven by my strength. Not going to happen. You have to be the bride of Christ. And so when we look at all these doctrines in the message, this is what it's been about. It's been the wisdom of God through all this time leading us up to where we are now ready as an individual to be married to the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can now look at it for yourself. You have enough word in you to say, I can't subscribe to that doctrine. I can't subscribe. I don't know that. I don't believe that. I don't believe that. Imagine that you are that person. Now, you can actually look at something and say, "I don't believe in that. This is my amen. This is what I stand on. This is who my bridegroom is, and this is where where I make my stand." That that's you right now. And should churches close down and fail, you will still have that strength in you. You will not be tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The Lord bless you. Let's bow our heads together.
