################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-11 - The Story of God and Man P5 - Sons of God Find The Truth truthseekers - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-11-11
Title:    The Story of God and Man P5 - Sons of God Find The Truth #truthseekers
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rs6edlbGByg
========================================

Description:
The Story of God and Man P5 - Becoming Sons P4
Sons of God Find The #Truth #truthseekers 

00:00 - Scripture Reading
18:08 - Truth Is Now A Phenomenon
41:43 - Objective and Subjective Truth
42:33 - Objective Truth
45:46 - Subjective Truth
52:12 - Fallacy of Facts and Reliable Sources
01:14:02 - Mysterious Effect of Truth
01:21:10 - Truth Corrects Error and Forces Responsibility
01:26:45 - Truth Cause People to Shrink Responsibility
01:34:40 - Truth Makes You Find a Substitute
01:35:45 - The Popular Idea is Generally Not the Truth
01:37:40 - The Truth Sets You Free
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
The Story of God and Man Playlist:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8qxLKNaPq0&list=PLiFTZnWvdN_VpgnSfcCUMSUn4htAh1cXd
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
verse 37-38. John 18:37-38. And the word of God reads like this. Pilate therefore said unto him, "Art thou a king?" Then Jesus answered, "Thou sayest that I am a king? To this end was I born? For this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice. Pilate said unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all. &gt;&gt; I just want to say this is one of my favorite scriptures in all the Bible. Uh John 8:31-32. Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, "If you continue in my word, then you are my disciples indeed, and you shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free." So, um, we're on our subject, the story of God and man. This is part five, and our, um, subject, Becoming Sons of God, part four. And our title this morning is sons of god find the truth. Amen. And uh it's quite amazing that we had that little discussion this week from the brothers meeting but uh I want to um uh just introduce the subject to you first. Amen. You happy to be here this morning? &gt;&gt; Praise be to God. So I think that Pilate's question, Pontius Pilate, the one who was questioning the Lord Jesus Christ, I think his question is one of the most iconic questions ever asked in the Bible. What is truth? Amen. And I'd love to know, I wish I could have seen how he asked it, you know, like with a sigh like what is truth or what is truth or what is truth? You know, the intensity of his voice, the gesture of his hands, just by seeing all that, I would have known quite a bit more than just the question. And I think that it is a conscious or unconscious question in the heart of every person today. &gt;&gt; What is truth? Amen. Uh but that question what is truth was prompted or was a result of the statement that Christ made just before that which is everyone who is of the truth hears my voice. which means firstly of the truth is brings it into our subject sons of God right &gt;&gt; because how can you be of the truth so he's saying it's I mean it's such a massive thing to contemplate to think about that if you are of the truth then you will hear my voice and that simply means if you are of the truth it sounds like you've come from the truth &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; right if you have come from the truth then you will understand my message. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Then you will know what I'm doing here. You wouldn't be questioning me. You would not disbelieve my words that I speak to you. Is that right? So this is where our subject becoming sons of God comes into focus. In John 8:31, he says, "If you continue in my word, then you are my disciples indeed." Now a lot of people thought well that means if I do the word of Jesus Christ then I will become his disciple. That's not what it means. What it means is if you keep his word it proves you are his disciples. Anyone can claim to be his disciples. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I love that when Peter tried to act like he was not. The woman said your speech betrays you. &gt;&gt; Wonderful. Right. So then he says in verse 32, you shall know the truth. If you keep my word, you are my disciples and you shall know the truth. Why? Because you keep my word. &gt;&gt; Amen. Remember this when we get to the end. And uh the truth shall set you free. &gt;&gt; You believe that? That's something so many Christians use today. The truth shall set you free. Sets you free. says you are bound. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know only a person who is bound seeks to be free. So this ties in with what we spoke of last week concerning seeking and finding. Right? What need is there to be found unless you are lost? What need was there to search unless there could be something to be found? What need is there to be free unless you are bound? Sounds like a poem. It just becomes better. Amen. So, if you search for the word, you will find truth. There it is. If you search for the word, you will find truth. And what happens when you find truth? You find God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to talk about truth this morning. I could have titled the service um the truth shall set you free or the truth or the mystery of the truth. But because it's in our subject, we're the title is sons of God will find truth. And if you find truth, you find God. How many people in this world today, right, let's relax and think about this. How many people in this world today believe they tell the truth? Everybody Everybody believes they tell the truth. Everybody believes everybody else doesn't. Right? We hold our government accountable to the truth. But nobody really knows what the truth is. This is the problem. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Like you can tell your child you're not telling the truth. You don't know. You can't prove it. You can try to prove it and then after you try to prove it, but this is what you said. THIS IS WHAT YOU didn't say and then you still don't have the intention. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's begin with this quote from the message. Shalom is praying. Our heavenly father, we now bring you to every hand that's up everywhere. And I want you to listen to this. Let the Holy Ghost of God bring to them the rhythm of the word and in its and its truth that they are to be molded now into sons and daughters of God. You notice the Holy Ghost of God bring them the rhythm of the word and its truth that they are to be molded now into sons and daughters of God. I'm showing you the link between truth and becoming sons and daughters of God. You cannot become sons and daughters of God without truth. Amen. The whole thing is about becoming. So we have a problem. The body you are born into is not of truth. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; The only attribute from the logos is born of truth. That that seed of God that's inside is the only thing that is of truth. &gt;&gt; Right? This is why the if you don't agree with me, the Bible tells you you are born into this world. You are conceived in sin, shapen iniquity, and and it says you are you come into this world speaking lies. &gt;&gt; Right? This is why we try and we have the struggle where we're holding each other accountable all the time. In the message, Satan's Eden says, "Now compare God's Eden to Satan's." Now, after 6,000 years of perverting of true interpretation of God's promised word to the age, let's compare it now and see where we get. Like he said to the church in Christ's time in Jesus, trying to keep back God's loyal sons from knowing the truth. That's God's God put his sons here, his attributes to fellowship with him by hearing his word. Amen. So what is the enemy trying to do? The lies of the enemy uh is to conceal truth from sons of God to prevent you from fellowship with God. Every lie has the intention to divide. &gt;&gt; Right? And what is the meaning of the word devil? &gt;&gt; Liar. &gt;&gt; False accuser. Right? &gt;&gt; If you call someone a devil, you're not saying they're some kind of horny toad with a tail and a fork. You're calling them a liar. In the Bible, the word devil means liar, false accuser, accuser of men, right? So that's what a devil means. A demon is a human possessed with a lying spirit. It comes from the Greek don which actually means demigod or someone with some kind of weird power on them. Not superheroes and stuff. That's fiction, right? Young people, little children, they don't exist, &gt;&gt; right? So, first let's look at our modern life and discover what role truth plays. You love him. &gt;&gt; Amen. So I felt inspired to speak on this which was triggered by the discussion we were having at the brother's meeting brother's fellowship on communication which led then to a very healthy discussion on the brother's WhatsApp group which led to questions on why truth is so hard to be accepted. We all want it but when it is told to you you can't accept it. Right. &gt;&gt; One of the topics of discussion was that we find it so frustrating because we know people can see the truth even that we don't fully comprehend but we know people know the truth but they won't accept it. It's as if if you see the truth, why can't you just accept it? Right? And or we know that we have told the sincere truth to someone and yet they will always think something bad or a nefarious of us though we have told them the truth. &gt;&gt; So what the questions are is it lack of maturity on their part? Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So I I know you go through this all the time. If you're married, you're going through it, right? You fall in love, you're so infatuated with each other, then you get married, you put the ring on each other's finger, and then you test each other for the rest of your lives and whether you tell each other the truth every day. And it's the silliest things are like, did you really put your clothes in the wash basket? Tell the truth. This is how petty it becomes. Imagine young people before you get married just know this is the purpose of marriage. You marry so you can test each other on the truth for the rest of your life. Did you think it was about dates and romance? No, it's not. It's about testing each other on the truth. And you made promises AT THE ALTAR WITH ALL THESE VOWS AND EVERYTHING. I'M GOING TO LOVE YOU. I'M GOING TO DIE FOR YOU. I'm going to do all that. And then but in the fine print is I'm going to test you on the truth for the rest of our lives. And then when you tell the truth it's like yeah you know maybe okay we'll agree to disagree. So what what does it mean to tell the truth? And when we tell the truth how how do we get people to believe us? Why do people not believe us? Are we not convincing enough? Do you have to be convincing for the truth to be believed? Because then it's not really truth, right? Because if you really have to convince someone, it means you're adding stuff in like manipulation and extra evidence and witnesses. THE BABY SAW ME PUT THE CLOTHES in the wash basket, right? I mean, shouldn't people be more mature enough to accept truth even if the tone it was delivered in was not the best? Well, I don't know if it's the truth because you didn't really say it in a nice way. Like, isn't the truth the truth independent of the tone it was spoken in or the way it was written or the the punctuation in the sentence? As Yeah. Oh, who said it? As believers, we know that God's prophets were never accused of having the best tone. &gt;&gt; They just came and told you what for, right? There was they didn't come there and think about your feelings. You know, like I think of Nathan when he came to David and he said he gave him this whole story about this lamb that was taken away and killed and was stolen from this guy and he riled David up to be angry to to tell him what are you thinking? Well, I think that man should be. And he said, you the guy, &gt;&gt; you know, if I had to do that to you, you'll be like, you know, you should have considered my feelings &gt;&gt; before correcting me in this manner and in front of people, you came and gave me a parable AND TRAPPED ME. THAT WAS ENTRAMENT. THAT'S WHAT you would tell me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, these prophets didn't bother with tone or choice of words or punctuation or timing. They came when God told them and they said what they said and you had to deal with it. Right? As believers, we know this in the message. We now have preachers and ministers. I'm talking about our churches. WE HAVE PREACHERS and ministers who write off other ministers because they don't speak what they do or how they do or because they don't say exactly what the prophet said word for word or because they don't keep the same cood conduct order and doctrine OR BECAUSE THEIR doctrine is different. You know what's the most amazing thing about the Lord Jesus Christ? You know Jesus wasn't a Christian, right? He was a Jew. &gt;&gt; News flash. &gt;&gt; And you know when he uh spoke and when you know what his church was full of Pharisees, Sadducees, publicans, is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh he didn't uh accumulate only the same people to him. He spoke to a completely mixed multitude. He went to a Samaritan woman who the Jews had already cast out &gt;&gt; and pulled her. In other words, Jesus who began Christianity who was a Jew or born in into the Jewish uh culture, right? He was God himself, of course. Uh but he had all kinds of people who followed him. They were not of one type of speech. They were not not one type of race. They were not one type of culture. They were not only one type of following. AND HE CRITICIZED EVERYONE equally &gt;&gt; and called people from all walks of life. Imagine if he had to be like how we are today, agreeing with only certain people or attracting only a certain group of people and shunning all other kinds of people, then you're not doing what Christ did. Right? &gt;&gt; So that kind of behavior when you do that, when you write off people, when you demonize people is a kind of behavior that indicates that your that the truth has been compromised to you. Mhm. &gt;&gt; You believe in Christianity. You're reading from the Bible, but it's been compromised to you. If you can write off people, you are not presenting the truth the way it should be. You might be in possession of the truth, but it's compromised and it's causing weird behavior on you. And that's what we we want to kind of show you this morning that you might actually have had the truth delivered to you, but it's been compromised. So that's what we want to explore. People don't have to accept the truth. Like you don't have to come and say to me, "Brother Al, I believe what you're saying." And then why are you telling me that? Why is it important for me to know that you believe? It's not important. You don't even have to say I believe for you to believe &gt;&gt; because your actions in your life says what you believe. &gt;&gt; So what people say is one thing or shake your hands and agree with you on one thing but the way they live thereafter is proof of what they believe. You see? So there are some people you can tell them the truth and they'll say no look I understand what you're saying. I agree with what you're saying but I need to go to my own church and you know that's fine. They don't even have to say they agree or they don't agree. But thereafter, after you've told them the truth, if they live by it, they've accepted it. &gt;&gt; Even if they're not in the same church as you. All right. So, let's get to this great important point. Truth is now a phenomenon. Truth is like as rare as a qua. &gt;&gt; What? You guys don't know what's a qua? &gt;&gt; Huh? That's how rare it is, &gt;&gt; right? So, it's it's um it's become something that um is so hard to find. It's so hard to see because we've been living our entire lives with lies everywhere. Right? Okay. So, I want us all to concentrate on something. I want us to be so clear about this. So understand this so you don't get trapped into it like everybody else. The word truth never existed for such a long time. For the big deal that we make about it today, it never existed for thousands of years. The word truth, think about it. Well, for one, the the English word truth only came up when English was invented, which was only in the last 2,000 years. So before that, WHAT WAS IT CALLED? OKAY. So that's just words and the words that were used when it was first forming were different words that meant faithful, firmness, strength. in in the Hebrew it's em right which which means like strength or firmness or something reliable or something stable or something that is assured and all that em is is linked to the word covenant there was no word called truth though Cain told the first lie that wasn't much reason for humans to lie thereafter because after that Adam lived and then Seth lived and then they were bringing forth children and they had cattle and they had all the fruit they could eat. They had stuff they they were planting everywhere. There was no world trade. There was no uh um uh global system like now. There was no businesses set up like like there is today. There's no constitution. There's no law of the country. There's no reason for anyone to lie. So Cain was the first liar. But nobody went around asking each other, "Are you telling the truth right now?" Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So covenants, covenants are like contracts. Contracts or covenants only became a thing to hold people accountable to what they promised you. So if a guy, we're talking about 4,000 years ago, a guy comes to you and says, "Listen, because you gave me this grain, I promise you I'm when the time when lambs are born, I'm going to give you seven lambs for the amount of grain that you give me." How how do I know you'll keep your word? Let's make a covenant. What's the covenant? In a in a presence of a few witnesses, uh we write something up on a scroll. We sign it somehow with our seal with wax or whatever it is. There's our covenant is kept by a judge. The judge is at the gate. We've made a covenant. When the lambs are born, you keep your covenant. That was called truth. The covenant itself was called truth. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; That's where it comes from. So the idea of truth only came in a lot after Adam, a long time after Adam when covenants were made to confirm promises. RIGHT? SO COVENANTS became a thing to hold people accountable to their word and to inspire loyalty. When man was first created, when the first humans walked the earth, there was no quest to find truth. There was no men around that time asking, "Does God really exist? Is the earth really so many years old?" Uh what about the Big Bang theory? No man ASKED THOSE QUESTIONS FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS. NOBODY WALKED AROUND ASKING, "WELL, what is the scientific evidence for God? That's only a modern thing." Are you with me? &gt;&gt; They didn't need proof for God. They or the proof that God created the universe. It was an ACCEPTED THING FOR THOUSANDS OF years that God created the universe. God created the earth. And it remained that way for about 5,000 or more years. Are you with me? So people lived simply by what they saw and what they took from off the earth. And there was no need to seek truth for any reason. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; How did we get trapped into this conundrum today where every it's so stressful, right? Is there any day in your life that you are not fighting about some truth? You have some problem with Vodiccom. You're fighting about truth, right? Some with Edgars at the pavilion or something went wrong with a tag or some piece of cloth. I'm trying to make it the simplest thing you could ever think of. Or you go and order food after the service and there's a an issue with truth. Did they really make the food the way they're supposed to make it? Did they keep their promise? Every day is so stressful. Um, back then nobody spoke or demanded truth about God or life on earth. Nobody asked about whether we came from Neanderthalss or whether we evolved from monkeys or spoke about oralopythecus or anything. Nobody asked about whether there was singular cell organisms. NOBODY ASKED FOR THAT FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS. Then at some point in man's existence, people started to lie more frequently than ever before and it began as a new type of behavior in people. It then required action from people to search for truth. In other words, PEOPLE ONLY NEEDED TO SEARCH FOR truth when lying became a big thing. Why did lying begin? All right, this is very simple. Lying began because of trade. Right? So, what will happen is I promise to give if you you're a baker, you give me bread, I give you milk because I own cows. So, what I'll do is I'll put in like less than the amount of milk I'm supposed to give you. So, I'm trading with you, but I'm promising you I'm giving you the right thing. And then you check in and you find out, hey, listen, this guy has like a false bottom ON HIS JAR. HE'S not giving me the right amount of milk. AND THEN YOU GO BACK. This is how it began. Because why trade is something we like to monopolize over? We want to get the better deal. Do you know why you fight every day? Cuz you always want the better deal. Yeah. Like what do you get from accusing your husband for not putting the clothes in the in the wash basket? What do you get from it? That you were right. Well done. That's what you got. No price. You're not going to get a hug from him. That's for sure. But any man, if you emasculate him or make him feel less than he is, he's not going to feel like hugging you for the next week. And vice versa, brothers. Proving that your wife did something wrong or said something, what do you get from it? What do you get from fighting for the truth? Nothing. If if you get proven right, all you can do is for a few moments bask in the glory that you were right. THAT'S ALL. And then she hates you for the next week because you just couldn't be a a sacrificial lamb to take one for the team. You had to go and prove that you were right. That's all you get. So I would say from observing human behavior that lying to one another must have first started when humans decided to trade for survival. I think people in desperation are forced to lie and then very often you have people who eventually like lying so they lie all the time. If you remember the prophet said there was that little boy there was there was a man uh who when he was a boy his mom asked him he's remember he smoked in the barn or something and then he went and tried to grind up coffee beans or uh to take away the smell of the smoke from his uh from his breath and he's I mean come on that's the stupidest thing to do right because who eats coffee beans you come into the house smelling like coffee beans things in your mouth and your mom knows you did something. So he's disguising and his mom asked him, "Did you just smoke?" "No, MOM, I DIDN'T SMOKE. SMELL MY BREATH." OF COURSE, HIS MOTHER smells the coffee and knows something is wrong. She doesn't smell coffee. She smells a rat, right? And then the prophet said a simple thing like that. uh he lied there and then he lied again to cover up that lie and then he lied again to cover up that lie that he covered up the other one with and then he kept doing that for the rest of his life. Prophet said until the time where he's an adult and he cannot speak without lying &gt;&gt; because that's what happens. Okay, let's read this scripture. Deuteronomy 13. So this is now,500 years or more after Adam. This is the time of Moses. And Moses says, "Certain men, the children of Biliel. Biliel is a name you will find congruent with everything to do with lies in the Bible." Like when uh Ahab had those two sons of Bil who lied about Nabbath. Like when Christ, you had those two sons of Bil who lied that Christ had said this about the Roman government. Bil is is tied together with liars, right? teaching you some of your Bible. So certain men, the children of Beiel, are gone out from among you and have withdrawn the inhabitants of the city, saying, "Let us go and serve other gods which you have not known. Then shalt thou inquire and make search and ask diligently, and behold, if it be truth, and the things certain." Now, I want you to notice those words. You must now inquire. You must make search and ask diligently. You wouldn't have to search for truth unless there was a lie. Can you see it? Behold, if it be truth, and the thing certain that such abomination is wrought among you, thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is therein, and the cattle thereof with the edge of the sword. All right? So in the Bible, sons of Biliel are liars. So we can see there that investigations, searching, diligently seeking only occurs if there are lies. Otherwise, there's no reason to go around looking for it. Right? Societies then began to live with constant lies around them and it caused the world to live under a behavior of fear. Because when people lie to you, it something takes over you and they they make you afraid. They put doubt in you. They put superstition in you to find truth, right? Uh and after 6,000 years in this world of lies, after 6,000 years, we've been living in this world of lies, right? Truth is now a phenomenon that can only be seen if the lies are uncovered. I'm saying prior to lies, what were we seeing then? Can you imagine? Maybe they were different colors. I don't know. Hm. The world must have looked terribly or beautifully different um without what we see today. I don't mean literally, okay? I mean people must have been more relaxed. They must have had longer life. They must have been happier. They must have uh not sherked hard work. They must have looked forward to getting up in the morning and getting out there and digging the ground and planting. They must have looked forward to getting their hands stuck in the dirt. You know, most of you are now you have tactile problems. You can't touch mud. You can't touch dirt. You can't touch squiggly things. You can't touch oily things. You can't get messed in water. You hate all kinds of weird uh you get freaked out when you see a little squirmy worm or a mouse or a cockroach or something. You just like have heart palpitations and almost die and have to be resuscitated when you see some small little creature. What happened? There used to be in the things that you saw. Lies has a has a very negative effect on life. And it produces doubt, fear and superstition. So for that to happen, for us to see this phenomenon called truth, you first have to uncover the lie. Is that right? Which makes us all unqualified detectives. See, coming back to that wash basket and clothes, you now have to go and search for clues to prove he was lying. so that you can bask in the glory of being right. Am I right? So all of you brothers, sisters, children, young people, that's all you get from proving that you told the truth. The Bible says, "Walk in the light. Let your yay be yay. Let your nay be nay." If you live openly and honestly before people, no one has to be a detective with you. They just believe you. Oh, that guy will never tell lies. He always tells the truth. He He's always open about his feelings and his expressions and all that. You never have to be a detective around him. You can be comfortable with him. YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT HE THINKS. That's what Christ said. YOU DON'T HAVE TO SIGN ANY CONTRACTS OR MAKE ANY covenants if your yay is yay and your nay is nay. But somehow the other, you've been duped into feeling that you have to protect yourself. You have to protect your your your intentions, your feelings. You have to protect it. When you do that, you start to live with lies and you get comfortable with untruths and deceit, right? It's very stressful. So once we have recognized now when when the lies have been uncovered spiritually and mysteriously, it is a personal experience. Like for example with the opening of the seals today, that's where we got to head to eventually, right? Uh the opening of the seventh seal, it's a personal experience, right? And to have the human ability to recognize lies is on the seals is impossible. God is to DO SOMETHING AND BREAK open those lies. And when we break open the lies, you see something. You see the truth. AND THE BUT THE FIRST THING THAT YOU SEE IS WHAT the lie was. Amen. Once we have recognized that there is something present today that has exposed all the lies of the devil, we then focus on the effects of living with lies and what it has on our minds and our families and our homes and our society. Are you with me saints? Truth is the salvation of an already poisoned mind and spirit. &gt;&gt; Because if you receive the truth, it sets you free. &gt;&gt; Your mind has already been poisoned by lies constantly. And the truth sets you free from that. If you think, well, I can do what I want. I'm free in this life. I'm not in a cage. You're already in a cage in your mind. Only truth, and here's the amazing thing. We all know this, only truth has the ability to penetrate that mind and release you. &gt;&gt; Only that truth gives you the feeling like, "Oh, okay. I get it now. I see that." And you immediately see the effect on a person. Their shoulders drop. They don't, oh, at last, finally. Right? You get that feeling. Yeah, here's something. Truth of the past is still truth, but it's become tainted by those who passed it on to us. That means that Irenius from way back, St. Austinon of Hippo, uh, Jerome, all those great founding fathers of the first church, Martin Luther, John Wesley, Calvin Knox, all these great men of Christianity in their day, they spoke truth that was revealed to them by the Holy Spirit. But then when men passed it on, they added stuff to it and then eventually concealed the truth. Like you remember what we did with uh I showed you you know you you have this this uh kids party game called broken telephone. I told you about this when we preached seven seal and you put 20 kids in a circle on chairs and you whisper something in the first kid's ear right and uh you tell him now you whisper it in the other ear. By the time you get to the 20th kid, it's not even what you told the first kid because each child is going to interpret what they heard. And it depends how they speak, what language they have, what uh what grammar they use or how they whisper it or whether the words were unclear. Literally, you try it. Go try it as a psychological game for one of your kids party. You can have fun, too, at kids parties. See? can trap these little guys and figure it out and then you can ask them why did you tell this one? What did you tell this one? Then you find the real guy who corrupted the whole story, right? It's amazing. But anyway, this is Can you imagine the original truth of Jesus Christ being passed down 2,000 years to what we have today? And look at the difference between churches. Look at the difference between Christ and these disciples who worked among the poor who didn't care about money and flashy churches and big screens and great music and and uh conglomerations of multi-million dollar and now we have this 2,000 years later we have these churches these multi-million dollar institutions based on that poor Nazerite and we say praise the Lord. You know, this is the this is the the shame that I see today. You have beautiful church buildings uh uh beautiful chapels and and and cathedrals and all kinds of things and you've just got poor people around not being fed. They have millions. They have all the money. They could clothe the unclothed. They could feed the beggars. They could uh they're supposed to be there. They've got these wonderful buildings. They could be counseling the drunken, counseling the broken marriages and not it's not even open most of the week. It's open for like half an hour on Sunday or I don't know 1 hour and that's it. That's Christianity. The truth of the past is truth, but it's been tainted by who passed it on. So it's critically important that truth for the present day is presented and has to be established. So what is the truth for your day? It must be presented as it is given and it must be established right now. Fear is an influence that creates fifthdimensional doubt. In other words, doubt which comes from hell. Fear does that to you. Right? And fear will hinder the power of truth. If you receive truth, truth gives you power to act. Right? I'm going to start telling you that now. And u but when you have fear, you it makes the truth powerless to you. You're afraid to act. you're afraid to to take it and be active with the truth. Living with negativity and negative thoughts causes you to follow a specific path in life. And living with positivity and positive thoughts causes another life. If you the same person are grown up with lies, you'll choose a different path. Same person grown up with truth and positivity, you'll choose another path. Diametrically opposite, right? Okay. Where's all my bright young scholars and university students and young professionals? Where are you? Okay, some of you listening and online this morning, we're going to talk about objective and subjective truth. How many of you older people know nothing what I just said? They don't want to raise their hand. OBJECTIVE TRUTH AND SUBJECTIVE TRUTH. MOM, do you know what that is? &gt;&gt; No idea. See, she's honest. Think of how our young people deal with life today. Okay, for those of you parents don't know this, they drum this into your kids at schools and universities. At high school level and university level, you are taught what is objective truth and subjective truth, right? And it's indoctrination because these kids come out with objective truth and subjective truth and do not know what truth is, right? So young people today and I have had conversations with them. I was telling my sons on the way here, they want evidence. They believe if they get the evidence then they've got the truth. They think that if you have evidence then you have truth. What what we realized then in our discussion was the our our discussion with the brothers in the week was the misunderstanding of what truth really is. Now today they have an idea that the actual truth is called objective truth. Are you listening? Okay. So now the older people are going to get educated too. They your young people believe the real truth is called objective truth. &gt;&gt; Okay. And uh that which is not really truth is subjective truth. Like I would just say lies. But they've got subjective truth. That's where they end up into you have your truth. I have my truth. We both have truth. I'm like you both are crazy. Deceived. The wool has BEEN PULLED OVER YOUR EYES. But okay. Anyway, objective truth. Okay. So, what I did was I thought, well, let me give them the benefit of the doubt. I went into my phone and I typed in objective truth and subjective truth and I went to the what is it? Google Gemini Copilot AI genius, right? And so, this is what I got, right? It says the definition, and I'm paraphrasing because it writes too long. Objective truths are facts that exist independently of individual opinion or beliefs. So that's basically already sorting you out. &gt;&gt; It's like uh your opinion and your beliefs are not really truth. &gt;&gt; Objective truth is something that is derived from facts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And they're so happy with facts. Who gave you THOSE FACTS? SOMEONE ELSE WITH OPINIONS. Never mind. They are universally right. Universally accepted and can be verified. Who verifies it? Never mind. Through observation, measurement or empirical evidence. Right? For example, this is what my phone gave me. The statement water boils at 100° C at sea level is an objective truth that remains constant regardless of personal beliefs. THAT MEANS WHETHER you believe it, you know, if you believe it boils at 70° or you believe at 50 or you believe at 98, it's not the truth. The objective truth is it boils at 100° C. So we tested it coming here. My son's phone said to him, the earth is round. That's an objective truth. 2+ 2 is four. That's an objective truth, right? My question is, does water really boil at 100° C? &gt;&gt; No, not really. And as you go higher at different altitudes, it boils it less. And if you don't have absolutely pure water and exactly the right atmospheric pressure, it does not boil at 100° C. So how is that an objective truth? It's an overall objective truth because it works for us to uh make other calculations in life because it works for us. You all have to accept it. So all of you are like this donkey with a carrot being dangled in front of your nose that water boils at 100° C because it works for us. We must all accept it. The earth is round. How many of you when you drive on the earth you just drive like this? No, you drive like which means only round from a distance. But when you get closer, what shape is it? And what if it stops spinning? Because when you spin something, it starts to look round, right? You can take a square thing and spin it really fast and it starts looking round. But if it stops spinning, is it really round? So how is it an objective truth? Because the masses agree it's an objective truth. And someone with credentials, with links and sources told us that's our brainwashed children of today. Subjective truth, right? Definition. I'm picking on them for a good reason. Uh uh the definition of subjective truth. Now, that's what they're going to tell you. What I'm saying to you to you parents today. You know, you have these kids, you don't even know. You don't even check their textbooks and what they are indoctrinated with. And then you try and argue with them about the word of God. And if they ask you for a link or a source, you're in trouble. You're in deep water. Right? Uh my mother would say, "What are you talking about links and sources? That's just demons." Right? That's what she would have told me if I asked that. Subjective truths are based on personal beliefs, feelings, and interpretations. Like for example uh instead of saying uh um or or it's like you like something or something is good good enough to you or you think this is the best thing that's like subjective because it's your truth you experience it so um that's the truth to you but to me it might be different right um subjective truth they can vary from person to person and are often influenced by individual experiences and context for instance One person may find a particular piece of music beautiful while another may not. Right? So I'm sure all students in university will insist this concept of objective truth and subjective truth is the truth. &gt;&gt; So why are they calling it truth? Why are they calling objective truth? Why are they using the word truth in there? Who made them use the word truth in it? Why don't they call it objective knowledge and subjective knowledge? &gt;&gt; Why say truth when nobody knows what truth is? If you said objective knowledge and subjective knowledge, I'll agree WITH YOU. BUT YOU SAID TRUTH. That's where I have a problem. See, they don't think deeply enough. This is a modern-day concept using ancient words. Who gave you the right to decide what an ancient word should mean today? You never made up the word truth? YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE IT COMES FROM. How can how can subjective truth even be a thing? How can it be that your experience that you have could actually even be called a truth? What do you mean by that? It's a knowledge. It's not truth. &gt;&gt; IT IS AN ESTABLISHED FACT that water boils at 100° C. That's what they will tell you. Right? Many years ago, they had scientific PROOF THAT THE EARTH WAS FLAT. All right? And today the earth is round. And yet we have a whole group of people in the earth today who they call flatearthers &gt;&gt; who believe the with all the evidence with all the pictures. There's even people who believe that space is fake. &gt;&gt; They're there. What I'm asking you is if the truth is something that when it is spoken is believed, how do we still have flatearthers with ALL THE EVIDENCE? WHY is it that WHEN YOU PRESENT ALL THE KNOWLEDGE, all the evidence, YOU STILL, THE MORE EVIDENCE YOU BRING, the more flatearthers you get, right? That's kind of like the conundrum we were talking about on the brother's fellowship group. Why do people no matter how much how nicely you speak, how how uh um uh kind you are, gentle you are, how how well you EXPRESS YOURSELF, HOW GOOD with the perfect English you can articulate yourself. Uh yet they still will not believe. It's like you can you can GIVE THEM THE PERFECT evidence and they won't believe it. Why will people still not believe facts today? Why will people not trust facts today? And some of you can sit there and say, "BUT YOU KNOW, I DON'T UNDERSTAND. I TOLD YOU THE TRUTH." AND THEN you're the same person will not believe when someone else tells you. &gt;&gt; Claiming facts, young people, listen up. CLAIMING FACTS AS truth creates an illusion of truth that brings nothing to life at all. It's like what I told you about, you know, your husband and wife and you prove to them what the truth is. What do you get? Nothing. Nothing but heartache and probably some frustration for a few days. YOU GET NOTHING. YOU ACTUALLY GET NOTHING FROM FACTS. &gt;&gt; Except knowledge. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's all you get. Knowledge. But truth is very different from knowledge. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Because you can live by truth. You don't live by knowledge. &gt;&gt; IT ACTUALLY MAKES A PERSON WHEN YOU PRESENT FACTS like my my son there, we we call him fun facts at home because at random times he gives us facts we don't care about and we have to waste 5 minutes of life just listening to all these facts and he won't stop. He'll he'll spill IT ALL OUT. FUN FACT. WE'LL BE DRIVING SOMEWHERE and he'll tell us facts about if I ask him right now to give you a random fact right now, he'll give you like one after the other. Good for him. It actually makes a person you can get fascinated and and the only thing is you listen to this fun fact and you say, "Wow, really? I didn't know that. Five minutes later, I forgot everything you said." That's all that's what happened with the facts. Do you know this? It's like reading something from a chappies bubble gum thing. Did you know blah blah blah? You know, some people remember that. Most people forget everything. We concentrate more on chewing the gum and the flavor, right? So, go back to daily life and you FORGET ALL THE FACTS YOU CAN THINK OF. Whatever someone gave you, all the information I gave you, it's useless unless you can actually use it. Right? Now, here's the fallacy about facts and reliable sources. I wonder if I put that in. Yeah, fallacy about facts and reliable sources. So, if you have if you have the inconvenient, undesirable experience of having a debate with a young person today. You are going to often hear this statement. Can you provide a link for the claim you made? Or can you name a reliable source for your claim? And then if you do name something, they have like a attack and they say that has been debunked. It's crazy. &gt;&gt; It's like they're another kind of creature. It's they get so affected by you selling something that has been debunked. Some of you here don't even know what debunked means. I can see that. That doesn't mean the bunk bed was broken. If you f So a fact that has been disproved they call debunked, right? &gt;&gt; AND UH SO FACTS in reliable sources, internet links and people with relevant credentials. Now here's another thing. If you did not study the subject, if you don't have a degree in the subject or a PhD, then you are not qualified to speak about. Have you heard that? I can't tell what is a woman because I'm not a biologist. &gt;&gt; I can't tell it's a dog because I'm not a biologist. &gt;&gt; Right? Can you believe that? This is where we ARE TODAY BECAUSE IF YOU HAVE CREDENTIALS, so the highest biologists in the world, so can you imagine? I'd love this. Have all these biologists. One has a bachelor's degree, one has a PhD. So, which means the PhD guy can tell more what a woman is than the the one with a bachelor's degree. And the higher they get, the the more credentials they have to tell what it is. LIKE, YOU CAN'T believe your lying eyes. You need someone with credentials TO TELL YOU WHAT YOU ALREADY KNOW. Like that guy doesn't know what's a woman. That therefore is not married. Like what's his problem? He's got a degree. He's got money. He's got a car. He's a handsome guy, but he can't get married. Most likely he can't tell what a woman is. &gt;&gt; I don't understand. See, evidence, young people, brings knowledge, not truth. &gt;&gt; Facts, reliable sources, internet links, and people with relevant credentials is a trap. So let me bring you back to this point and this is what I told you when I was when we were talking about marriages. If you have to investigate the girl that you are attracted to and find out everything you can about her, you will not marry her. You will not you you cannot. Cuz after you find out everything there is to know about someone, they'll stop being attractive to you. This is why love does not need evidence. &gt;&gt; Because truth is actually based on belief. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If you HAVE TO GO AND ASK SOMEONE WHAT DID YOU DO? What do you like? What is this about you? Oh, present everything before them. Uh do you like this color? Do you like that color? Do you like this? Like when do you know? When do you have enough evidence to make the decision to marry that person? You know, you bring her home to your mother and your mother's going to ask you that. How do you know she's the what? What are you going to do then? Pull out proofs, evidence, links, reliable sources, you hypocrites. I KNOW, MOM. I KNOW. SHE'S THE ONE FOR ME. Evidence brings knowledge, not truth. The Bible says, "Knowledge puffth up. &gt;&gt; Charity edifth." &gt;&gt; The Bible says, "Charity never faileth, but where there is knowledge, it fadeth away." If you think a 32-year-old professor who rose recently to stardom through social media and fame for spitting out amazingly recently discovered findings is an authority on the existence of earth and whether GOD EXISTS AS COMPARED WITH 6,000 years of man's witness. with people GIVING US THE WORD OF GOD, then it's very troubling. &gt;&gt; If you can believe some 32-y old professor who's got a degree on paleontology and earth and whatever else other degrees he think he's an expert on whether God exists, that's very concerning because all you have is knowledge that faith way. AMEN. THE TRAP is if you place faith in facts and reliable sources and people with credentials, you fall into the trap. Listen up carefully, you fall into the trap of not being able to discern for yourself and to trust your own instincts. Amen. &gt;&gt; THE MORE YOU LIVE ON FACTS, the less instincts you have, &gt;&gt; the more doubt you have because you're going to rely on sources and people and what their opinions are. The most stressed person is a person who cannot discern. Like when you're you're looking at something, something is presented and you can't tell whether it's the truth or not. Yourself, you can't tell that it's the truth. Why can't you tell? Why do you need facts? Why do you need links and sources? Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Over time, this is what will happen. Young people, your instincts become very weak and unreliable. I'm telling you what's happening. All your grandmothers and grandfathers, they married when they were 19 and 20 or even younger. Did they stress about I don't have a job. How will we make it? How will we pay the bills? They didn't. They got married and said, "Let's figure it out." You, if someone said, "Let's figure it out." You'll have a hernia and you'll be admitted to the nearest hospital in the week &gt;&gt; and you'll have people all around tell you, "WHAT WERE YOU THINKING? How could YOU GET MARRIED? YOU'RE SO YOUNG. YOU HAVEN'T EXPERIENCED LIFE YET." RIGHT? And then what's going to happen? You're going to decide to get married when you're 42 years old or something or you're way older. Is that right? That's when you say, "Okay, now I think I'm ready. I've experienced life." You don't know what you're talking about. When you live to 40 and you've already been comfortable with this is how my house is. This is how my life is. This is my peace on the weekends. And you get married to someone who's questioning your peace. And then you get a toddler WHO'S BREAKING AND SHATTERING every piece of silence that you held as golden. you're making a mistake. Seeing today, people's instincts are being stripped away and um more emphasis is being placed on what the media says. Like that to me, it's so crazy to see so many young people indoctrinated by the media. Like we've lived for years and realized you can't trust the media. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And these young people are trusting everything they see online, what the the media tells them. I I don't understand that &gt;&gt; you won't trust the Bible, but you'll trust the media. &gt;&gt; Right? And why? Because it's reliable sources. Now, are you all awake? &gt;&gt; I mean, spiritually awake. I want you to see what's happening around the world. Have you seen around the world a populist movement rising? What is populist movement? What is a populist movement? We've had for very many years we've had these conservatives and these liberals on either side in government and they're ruling our governments. But recently there's a populism movement. What is that? Populism is something that arises when ordinary people in the country feel like they've been abused by the elite ruling class. And the first THING THAT HAPPENS WITH A POPULIST movement is don't trust the media. They're lying for the rich. They're lying FOR THE ELITE. THAT'S HAPPENING EVERYWHERE. That took over America. That's how Donald Trump got elected by populism. That's now happening in in Germany and Italy and France and places that used to be ruled by these elites. THE THE POOR ARE RISING UP. You know what? the the elite, we call them the 1%, you know, the billionaires, the millionaires, the the very rich. You know what they don't realize? There are millions of poor people. If all the millions of poor people stood up at once and walked, they walk right over them. That's the truth. And what's been happening, the millions of people have been lied to by those who are monopolizing the world for their own benefit. &gt;&gt; The millions are being used. You are being used as workers. You are being used. You've been abused. YOU'VE BEEN TOLD YOU CAN GET FREE MEDICAL, free education, free this, free that. And then they they pull it out of you. AND THE PEOPLE ARE NOW REALIZING we can't trust the leaders. And the media lies for them. The internet lies for them. &gt;&gt; Right? Even AI, even the artificial intelligence is like programmed with elitist ideas. &gt;&gt; Yes. So that if you ask them a question, it's going to tell you most likely today from a liberal point of VIEW OR THE YOU ACTUALLY HAVE a a a robot telling you I can't comment on this because &gt;&gt; like the robot has a soul. It doesn't, &gt;&gt; but it's answering from someone else's point of view. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? So when populist movements rise they say that immediately the media is fake news. So what happened THE MOMENT THE POPULIST MOVEMENT said fake news the media came out and said disinformation misinformation. You heard that right? They came up with new words. In other words they brought this to the forefront. Objective truth subjective truth. The media started saying we have the objective truth. They are speaking subjective truth. And now the world is fighting about it. Who has the truth? All sides are saying they have subjective truths. The other one this side says the other side have subjective truth and that side is saying this of this side. So both sides, right? They all have listen are you all with me? In your government you have these two parties that are fighting against each other. This side has links, sources, facts, and people with credentials. This side has links, sources, facts, and people with credentials. Who has the truth there? &gt;&gt; Because they both have this exact need. They have evidence. They have facts to back the claim. And neither one believes the other. &gt;&gt; So, who has the truth then? Which is the truth? They don't have the truth. &gt;&gt; They have knowledge. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then they have these professors debunking those professors and those professors debunking these professors. Now, I'm just giving you a platform because when I bring you to the message, we're going to have this side and this side. &gt;&gt; And this one saw the pillar of fire and that one saw the PILLAR OF FIRE. THIS ONE HAD A DREAM. THAT ONE HAD A DREAM. THIS ONE HAD AN ANGEL VISIT HIM. This one had an angel visit him. THIS ONE HAS A PROPHET. THAT ONE HAS A PROPHET. THIS ONE HAS AN APOSTLE. THIS ONE HAS AN APOSTLE. &gt;&gt; What do they have? Knowledge. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Who has the truth? My title is sons of God will find the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So whenever the arguments break down and one of the their credible now here's what happens, right? This is amazing to me because once you reach a stalemate, this one have facts, this one has facts, this one has knowledge, this and the knowledge reaches a stalemate, then the only thing they can do is discredit one on a moral basis. In other words, find some scandal to discredit his knowledge. Suddenly, they become righteous and find something wrong in this one's marriage or this one slept with that person or this one made a money deal. What are we doing? We're discrediting the person to discredit the knowledge. We don't mind smearing their lives in the newspaper, smearing the lives of social media. What's the intention? To squash the knowledge so you get power IRRESPECTIVE OF HOW YOU DAMAGE the person and the family and their children. This is always the case. When facts and sources and information and knowledge breaks down, the next step is attack the person. That's a problem that already tells like when we get to that situation, I don't even want to talk to you. There's no reason. If you the moment you start attacking my character, you attacking my my person, my family, my children, my church, you start attacking people, I already know your argument has failed. Cuz if you actually have truth, you won't need to attack a person. &gt;&gt; Like Christ said, why won't you believe me for my work's sake? &gt;&gt; What do they have? When they couldn't answer him, they went to, "You were born of that Mary who you say was a virgin? Aren't you the son of the carpenter?" What's that got to do with anything? &gt;&gt; Did he say the truth or not? Did he do the works of God or not? What has it got to do with where he CAME FROM OR WHAT HIS LIFE WAS? SEE, so now what we have people, you have this populist movement in the world right now. two sides. The beast rising out of the sea, the beast rising out of the earth. You have these two sides and there is a serious vacuum in the world for truth. &gt;&gt; There's a there's a space cuz all we have is knowledge on either side. &gt;&gt; This is causing people right now, right now, people all over the world want to trust their instincts again. After spending decades of listening to lies, now you want to trust your instincts. Now you have Christians rising up everywhere who want to fight against abortion and fight against transgenderism and fight against homosexuality and fight against uh adultery and fight against this and that and now just they the populist movement is giving them a voice to now suddenly come out and stand for Christianity and you stand for something you make a stand against one thing and there's other things you're not standing for like you you go on social media and fight for Christianity while using f-word words &gt;&gt; and you don't know the Bible tells you Christ says you are not tainted by what you put in by what comes out &gt;&gt; what comes out of your mouth poisons you kills you &gt;&gt; how can you speak God's name and rubbish at the same time &gt;&gt; filthy words in the name of Jesus Christ with the same mouth praise him with the same mouth curse and swear how do you do that they do it and they look righteous in each other's eyes. They're all the same. Don't believe a word they say. This is causing So right now you have all these people I I pity them all around the world trying to be follow this populist movement and come out as if they are truth tellers. It's too late. &gt;&gt; It's too late. You can't trust your instincts anymore. your instincts have been destroyed. The the first attractive speaker they give you, when I say attractive, the guy who says the right thing, pushes the right buttons, you're going to fall for him and then you're going to follow him. You're not interested in truth. You're interested in power. You want to be the winning side to rule the government, to rule the people because you THINK YOU HAVE ENOUGH FACTS TO DO WHAT'S BEST FOR the people and to make the people like you. Your instincts have been destroyed. &gt;&gt; It's the same thing Christianity. You get the first attractive speaker who can convince you, give you the best music, give you the best looking church, give you exactly what you want, doesn't call out your sin, lets you live how you want to, let you make you make you love him, and then he sleeps with your wife and you say, "Oh." Oh, and then he comes out with his lovely voice. You know, I slipped up. I made a mistake. But we're all sinners. And then you just elect him BACK IN TO BE A PASTOR. This is it. The problem is all people who choose one of two sides defined by the enemy of mankind and they don't even know it. Where is it going? It's heading all the way back to the beast. It's going to establish the man of sin. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So saints, for us, aligning our thoughts to the truth produces finding God, which invites more of the Holy Spirit in. Amen. You don't need to have all the knowledge, right? If you try to live in the past truth which is tainted, just because you think your church was founded a,600 years ago or 500 years ago doesn't mean anything. Just because your church was founded by some great founding father doesn't mean anything. What? Where is that supposed to be? Some credentials. It's like the Zoroastrians saying our religion is 5,000 years old. What's that supposed to mean? Just because you're so old makes you right. You could have been back then already believing what is wrong and you carried it for 5,000 years. You poor thing. Don't even get into arguments like that. Right? It's not worth it. Truth must be seen. Right? Keeping our thoughts centered on present day truth allows us to see present day events. Have faith for present day tri. You know you have you believers do not realize how fortunate you are because you have been shown what is a white horse rider, a red horse rider, a black horse rider, pale horse rider because it's been revealed to you what that is. When you see one, you know it. &gt;&gt; When you see a religious spirit, you know it. YOU CAN TELL WHEN A PREACHER is lying to you. Why? Because the truth has been unveiled to you. &gt;&gt; And you sit there and YOU CAN LISTEN TO OTHER PREACHERS TOTALLY SWAYING the crowd. &gt;&gt; And the other the people are raising their hands, sincere people believing in the Holy Spirit, raising their HANDS. AND THE GUY IS SAYING, "You need to give me more money because the one day I got no money IN TO PUT PETROL IN MY TANK. AND WHEN YOU'RE SICK, YOU'RE GOING TO NEED ME. HALLELUJAH. And the poor people. Yes, let's give money. And he takes your money and goes on holiday with it. What? You used the Holy Ghost, the religion, the anointing, and got people to give you money, and the PEOPLE DO NOT SEE IT. This is why the Bible starts with in the armor of God, gird your loins with truth. &gt;&gt; And the Bible speaks of the loins being the mind. It's where the seed of the word is first received where it is conceived and produces a life. Guide good. Protect your mind with truth. &gt;&gt; All right. So let's bring us to the mysterious effects of truth. Now here's something here. It's a phenomenon. This is why I love it. It's a phenomenon. You can have facts and therefore you possess knowledge. Right? But if you have are you listening? &gt;&gt; If you possess facts, you possess knowledge. BUT IF YOU HAVE found truth, it possesses you. &gt;&gt; Big difference. Truth possesses you. &gt;&gt; There is no person to whom truth is revealed who just sits and does nothing with it. &gt;&gt; Right ladies, you know, right? If you get the scoop, you're just going to sit there and say, "I'll just keep the scoop to myself. &gt;&gt; No way. You're on the phone in 5 minutes. I HAVE TO TELL SOMEONE. I HAVE TO DO SOMETHING. I'VE BEEN TOLD THE TRUTH ABOUT THIS SCANDAL. I HAVE TO SHARE IT." NOBODY SITS with the truth and does nothing and keeps it buried. The truth produces a reaction. &gt;&gt; I just use a very humorous example. There is no person to whom a truth is revealed who does nothing. Truth is so powerful that it forces human reactions. Right? Uh use any example in life. If you suddenly receive the truth about something, it causes you to just blast it open and tell everybody. Right? Because you feel a strange moral responsibility that you have found truth. Like for example, somebody did something bad to your friend and you found out what happened about it. Are you not going to tell your friend? No. You feel you'll talk to your husband or your wife. What must I do? I have to tell them. Yes. But if they tell them, they are not going to be friends with us. But I have to. It's the truth. And if you don't, you know, you're not going to sleep. You're not going to eat po you. Your life is going to be stressed. You're not going to work properly. Your bowels are not going to work properly. You're going to be constipated just from holding the truth. Right? You know that stress. This is exactly what happens to human be. You might even burst out an ulcer just from not telling the truth. Listen people, if you're let's say one of your young children, like if you have uh you have if you're unlucky to have more than two kids, right? When they're together, my goodness, you ask them who did this? He did it. He did. He did. And then when the one you'll then you start hearing how each one is telling you their facts, right? And then they have to start proving who told the truth. I see brother Claude is smiling, right? AND THEN YOU HAVE, YOU now are the judge. You have to find out. You know what you end up with parents? Which one of your kids is the better liar? It's not a good revelation to find out. That's what you end up with. You wish Listen, just tell me the truth so I don't think bad of you. Anyway, if if if a child knows the truth, this it's unbelievable. They become rats immediately. THEY RUN TO YOU, "DADDY, HE DID THIS. YOU TOLD US NOT TO DO THIS, BUT I SAW HIM DID THIS." And then they stand there waiting for you to judge them, &gt;&gt; right? They can't help it because if the if they see the truth, they have a compulsion to say it. The human reaction. If so, if you're a child and you learn a truth, what makes you better in your parents' eyes but to tell them the truth and you stand there beaming, right? Chest out beaming. I told them the truth. Uh it's like with my kids and they used to come to me and and tell me, "Daddy, I did this wrong. You told us to tell you the truth. Thank you. You're grounded for two weeks. BUT I TOLD YOU THE TRUTH." YEAH, but you still did a wrong thing. You have to pay for it. The truth has to be acted on. Thank you for telling me the truth. You're such a good person for telling me the truth, but you did a wrong thing. So, you're grounded. See, if you're a teenager or you're an adult or an older person and if you find the truth, you're going to do the same thing. You're going to tell a friend to make you look good. You're going to tell a friend to save a friend. You're going to tell a friend. You're going to tell whoever it is because you want the truth to start acting. But if you just got facts, nah, right? Just facts. You can keep it to yourself. You can you don't even get stressed about facts. All a fact will do is well, so I was kind of right. That's about all you get from it. It can cause some of you, the truth can cause some of you to act upon it without thinking. You will broadcast the truth without realizing its after effects. And some people will immediately love you if you expo if if what you expose helps them, they'll love you. If what you expose u exposes them, they'll hate you. &gt;&gt; So the truth will produce reactions of all kinds. Right? On the other hand, if you receive truth and if you decide to deny the truth, reject the truth and not act on it and not live by it, it's going to cause other human reactions which will involve lying, living deceitfully, covering up, staying away from certain people, avoiding confrontations, and eventually a breakdown of life leading to an even worse shattering showdown of truth and lies. That was just a mouthful to say. Imagine what it's like in real life. You're You know what I mean? If you live with lies, like I feel so sorry for people who say, "I can't say. I I I know, but I can't say. I can't say it to you right now. I I'm not ready to speak to you right. I'm not like I can see a human struggle. I can see a soul struggling right there. Right. I I have so much of pity for people who just can't get it out. Like tell me what's on your mind. I'm not going to get hurt. I'm not going to throw you away. Just say what you want to say. Right? Your dilemma comes about the right time. So So here's your what your struggle is. I want to know the right time to tell the truth. Why? WHY DO YOU NEED THE RIGHT TIME TO tell the truth? Because you want the most favorable outcome for you. Is that right? You want the perfect outcome. That's the way we manipulate truth. Why can't truth just be spoken as soon as it's found out? No, we that's that's the way we deal with it because we want the right outcome and that's what people do. Okay. So, I want to get through this quickly because we are already into time. God identifying himself by his characteristics. So and I he says I I believe God will come to any good man in some way and identify his doings to that good man for that age if that man is called of God for that age. But it was so unusual they just could not hardly grasp it. Which means when God brings the truth to you the TRUTH IS ALWAYS SO unusual in every age. It's hard to grasp it because it's only unusual BECAUSE OF THE LIES YOU'VE been living with. Right? And then if you go on, he says the characteristics is is God's word being identified by the characteristic of what's going on. Right? I'm going to move through it quickly. If you look through it and and paragraph 70 now, always every time corrects the word um when the word is said wrong. So go read it home. If a certain truth is being covered by lies, then somebody has to bring the truth of the lies first. Okay, how do I do this? Okay, let's say this is the truth, right? And it's been covered by a lie. The you're never going to see what THE TRUTH IS UNTIL YOU FIRST tell the truth about the lie. &gt;&gt; Got it? So when you tell the truth about the lie, then you expose the lies. Then you see the truth that the lie was hiding. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; SO YOU'RE NOT EVEN GOING TO GET TO there unless you open this out. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; THAT'S LIKE WHAT THE seven seals were. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; CLOSING THE BOOK. AND WHEN THE SEALS ARE OPEN, you go have a party about the seals, but there's still this. &gt;&gt; See? So we'll EXPLAIN THIS WAY. IF someone committed a crime, are you going to love this now? Cuz everyone likes a good crime. But they covered up the crime expertly and carefully constructed lies. They paid people off for testimonies in court. They they presented evidence as truth, which means they even tainted the evidence, right? And the evidences produced as truth were PRESENTED TO THE JUDGE, PRESENTED to the jury. And because of that and the witnesses and the alibis who were also paid off, they corroborated it. The person is set free. You're not a criminal. You are free to go. But then an investigator who wants to find the truth has to go investigate the lies first. How is he going to know those are lies unless he senses something is being covered up? Are you with me? Which means people are never going to accept the evidences if they sound like a cover up. Something in a human is sensing that person when they testified, when they confess that something wrong, something's missing. LIKE YOU'RE NOT EVEN A PROFESSOR, BUT you can tell this person is not something is wrong. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; That sense in the investigator is going to say, "I want to follow that trail. I want to go check that testimony. I want to check on that person's life. I want to investigate. So what happens is because the lies were accepted as truth, the investigator goes and he checks up the cover up. And he goes and looks at all the submitted statements and the confessions and the evidence. Well, the there was blood or there was fingerprints or there was a hair follicle or there was something some forensic test. Who signed the forensic documents? Who was the pathologist? Who was, you know, who is this? Who is that? You can tell I've read a lot of crime stories. And only um can new statement and evidences and confessions be submitted as truths. Cuz after you have uncovered the lies, you now need new witnesses, new statements, new confessions, new evidences. Are you with me? TO PRESENT THE ACTUAL TRUTH. So usually God has to send us another truth. in every day to undo the lie of the previous age. See, and it's so unusual. That's why people reject it. It's not believed immediately. Most people think, oh, 100 years later, oh, he was right when he said this. And at that time, they told us it was a lie. Right? So then what he's saying here is the word of truth is still not believed. That's what he's saying. Until certain characteristics are produced in believers and they are manifested. Those believers are the ones who investigate to be the proof of the truth. That means the only way you're going to find the truth in the day is that there's some character in believers to search for the truth. to not believe what they've been told, what they've BEEN PREACHED AT. OTHERWISE, THE PUBLIC WILL NEVER FIND IT. RIGHT? And what does the word do? The word corrects the error. Spoken word corrects the error. The point is, if it really is truth, you can't help it. It's going to produce something mysterious in you. What are we saying, saints? The mysterious reactions, the mysterious effects of truth is when truth is presented, it's going to put something into a certain group of people who are going to sense the lie and make them search for the truth. That's what's going to happen. Are you with us? Let's go to the next one. Truth causes people to sherk responsibility. So, at first, after living in lies all your life, truth has a way of causing us to feel like we're too exposed, right? They open us up. They they publicized us. And it's not it's going to take too much work to achieve our purpose. So, we push it away for another day. Right? Listen people, I can tell you some truth straight off the bat. We will reduce crime in our country if we ban alcohol, cigarettes, and drugs. will eliminate 90% of crime. Because if you have men in our country who are suffering from unemployment, being belittled by the government, and the government is producing intoxicants, &gt;&gt; for them to consume day in and day out, you are going to produce criminals. &gt;&gt; It's logical. &gt;&gt; Why won't they do it? because they need poor men. Because poor men are going to DO THE JOBS NOBODY ELSE DOES. Poor men are going to do the jobs nobody else wants to do. The people living in plush homes with air conditioning and driving Rolls-Royces, they don't want to dig and lay fiber. They don't want to go and PUT UP DRYWALL. THEY DON'T WANT TO GO dig in the septic tanks and the sewage. They they need poor men who are on drugs to do that and they will keep doing that. They've done it for years. But there's a truth. Why won't they do it? Cuz it works for them. It's so easy, right? It's easy when the responsibilities fake us face us to shook from them. So if you tell people the truth, the first reaction is shook from it because hey, hold on. Life has been working for me right now. If I do this, it's going to complicate my life. So paragraph 51, this is hard to say. And now we bring it to us ministers. It's true that ministers many times sherk a responsibility for standing for the true word of God when they're confronted with it. If anything, you should have churches speaking out against sin. And today, because we want money, we sherk the responsibility. It's not stopping. &gt;&gt; They'll sherk that responsibility. When truth of the word of God is brought face to face with we humans, we are prone to sherk back until the last resource. THAT MEANS WHEN YOU'VE TRIED EVERYTHING, WHEN EVERYTHING has failed, then you decide, okay, now I want to speak the truth. &gt;&gt; By then you've hurt so many people. You're accountable. Sometimes saints, it's because the truth is criticism. And that's why we sherk it because we don't like challenges. We don't like to be criticized. When we are criticized, it makes a shock responsibility to correct error because we become afraid of the consequences. Are you with us? Let's go to another one. Uh just the yellow portions. And sometimes we try to sh pull back from criticism. Well, that's only testing. It's golden nuggets to you back at the bottom. So the criticism, we welcome that because that's what we have to have to put us through fiery trials. This is why, you know, just off the topic, you know, I could always have brothers telling me, you know, I shut the comments off on YouTube channels. I don't even read it. But it's like they're saying this about you, they're saying that about you. I don't care. It's not hurting me. Firstly, cuz I I'm not reading them. But even if they do, what's wrong with with being criticized? &gt;&gt; What's wrong with people telling lies about you? What's wrong with people uh trying to twist YOUR WORDS? IT MUST BE DONE. When the word is revealed to you personally, it criticizes your motives, your actions, and every aspect of your life. I think shutting off the comments is cowardly. It's like you want people to like you. &gt;&gt; That's what I believe, right? You rather be judged by the word here than at the judgment. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, the natural tendency is to being ch to being challenged is to shock the challenge. live rather live in the facade, live in the lies and not be challenged. This is the first mysterious human manifestation that truth causes. Are you listening? When someone tells you the truth, the first thing is either if the truth is favorable to you, want to go spread it. If it's not, you want to sherk it, right? Uh man running from the presence. We know there has to be a true answer. Look at the first statement. We're living in the hour of the coming of the Lord. Why are there not people running out to tell it? Why? What are you afraid of? We know there has to be a true answer to this, right? There's people here in the country now is going to caves and things and the 16th of March, you read the newspaper. Remember, we just had it 21st September, we had some guy in South Africa told us the rapture is taking place. He says there's got to be a true answer somewhere to the problem. Right? There's got to be a truth. There paragraph 92. I want to I want to shift on paragraph 94. It's always been that way. It's been a man has sherked and went away from God ever since Adam in the Garden of Eden. Go home and read it. I want to rush through it. God only give them about eight or 10 words to keep. Adam and Eve, right? It's so true. But of the tree they shall not eat that. Then Adam said had to face up. Will will I will I do as my wife has said or shall I do what God said to do? And he walked out with his eyes open. He had to take the responsibility to throw the whole human race into death. I want you to I want you to see how the prophet brings the truth of the day to ex to into being exactly what Adam shked. Adam had the truth. He shook the responsibility. Right? You have to make a choice on the truth presented to you saints. Many people have an idea about the coming of the Lord. But there's a true answer somewhere. &gt;&gt; Are we going to TELL IT? &gt;&gt; WE MUST TELL THE PEOPLE THAT WE are living in the hours of the coming of the Lord. WE CANNOT SHOCK this responsibility. This is the reason Christian people are coasting. I'll give up sin next year. I'll give up sin the year after. I'll stop committing adultery next year. I'll stop doing this the next year. And the reason why they won't even come to our church is because we call it out because they're comfortable where there are lies being spoken. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is the problem. This is the problem they have with the prophet is because he calls it out and yet it's biblical. It's righteous. We cannot sh this responsibility. The truth will cause human reactions. Right now the prophet says every man had to face up to the responsibility for his day. There's got to there's got to be a responsibility before God and they had to do it. And he says coming to sons of God that's the reason they were sent for that hour. You were sent for the reason to tell that truth. So what do we do? Human reaction is to make a substitute, right? Like Adam, first thing to do is try to make a substitute in some way. Try to find a way out, right? And he speaks about putting a fig leaf around him and so on, right? Then he tries to find a substitute to kind of cover himself up with it, which is what every cloak of religion is. IT'S IT'S TRYING TO FIND A way to make it okay to do what you're doing and still make you feel like you're saved. You're a Christian. You're going to heaven. Right? That's just about the way we do it today. An excuse back down. FIND OUT what is right. You don't want to wait any longer. Let's find out now what's truth and what's right and stay with it. We know that it's true. Sons of God will find the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They're not going to sit around. &gt;&gt; So here's another negative mysterious reaction. Lastly, saints, what we don't want is the popular idea. We know it. He says here in men running from the presence, a wonderful um message. I like the one statement the prophet says there. Your your way was paid to Nineveh, not to Tashish. &gt;&gt; Think about that. Now we know his presence here. It's vindicated. We are having it. We are trusting in this week. It'll continue to be vindicated among us. Sick will be healed. Great things will take place. We don't want the popular idea. We want the truth. And we don't we don't want to face up to nothing but what God said is the truth. Back down. is going to catch you somewhere now. SO YOU CAN ONLY SHERK IT for a certain period of time before it catches up with you. Saints, you got something to confess to your wife, do it. &gt;&gt; She may hate you for one month, two months, 3 months, eventually she'll honor you for telling the truth. You got something confessed to your brother, tell it. You got something confessed to your mom, dad, whoever, tell them. You'll have some pain for a small period, but when you accumulate it, every person I know who has to try and confess it five years later, it's a massive mess and a breakup and shattering of lives. If you got something to confess and and THEN YOU CONFESS IT AFTER YOU HAD LIKE THREE CHILDREN, YOU'RE NOW GOING TO DESTROY THE LIVES OF THREE CHILDREN. &gt;&gt; WHEREAS, IF YOU DID IT BEFORE YOU EVEN HAD THE CHILDREN, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO MESS LIVES UP. THINK ABOUT THE CONSEQUENCES. &gt;&gt; In closing, it's the truth that sets you free. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; We'll come to that. John 8:31-32. Said, "The truth shall set you free." We need to really understand what this means. Why do you need to be set free? Because you are bound by lies. Right? Free of what? Free of the clutches of falsehood. When you are stuck in a belief that does not contain the truth of the day, it's restrictive. It does not contain joy of salvation. It does not have freedom of worship. It does not have freedom to be yourself, to be unique. If you continue in the word, this means to believe the word and to remain constant in it. And that proves you are true disciples. Are you with us? Okay. I'm going to close with like 23 points here. Firstly, to explain truth. I already told you it's not evidence, it's not knowledge. Right? So, I was well, I was talking to brother Kale. So, I'll use that example. All right? We were talking on on the brother's uh chat and I told him, let's say you got into your car, your father's car, and you and you went to Macro. So I know where he stays, right? So I said, "You went to Macro. You come back home. Your dad asks you where did you go?" Right? And he says, "I went to Macro." Is that the truth? He actually went to Macro. &gt;&gt; But the question is, where did you go? Now the entire truth is you turn right into McGregor Road, you turn left into Donata Avenue, you turn right into Rosalyn, you turn left into Alpine Road, you Brickfield Road, you went down Alpine Road, you turn left into, you turn left again at the value center, you turn left into into Macro. That's the truth. So I told him, can you imagine telling your dad that &gt;&gt; your dad's going to say, "What is wrong with you? IT'S WHERE DID YOU GO?" I'M TELLING YOU WHERE I WENT. WHICH means most likely you cannot even handle the whole truth. It's too much for you to handle. This is the reality. If if what you're asking for you actually don't know, you can't handle it. Right? And then of course there's the other thing because on the way there he could have stopped at uh the garage and used the phone booth to call his secret girlfriend but he went to macro, &gt;&gt; right, brother Kale? All right, young uh Sunday school. I remember this because we're going to tell you, we're going to talk about Sunday school. You all awake? I hope you haven't been sleeping because I was watching you. What is the truth of this, Sean? What is that apple? Huh? Who says it's an apple? Casey, it's an apple. Yeah. Uh, no. What happened to our Africanas? &gt;&gt; Brother Mark, well, you have a Uber surname. I'm &gt;&gt; French. Okay. You said it's an apple. Yes, Seth. It's an apple. In Africans, it's apple. What's it in sha, brother Robert? Brother Robert. Huh? Okay. Anybody knows what it's in Zulu? &gt;&gt; Yes. Oh. How about Japanese? How about Chinese? How about Arabian? Yeah. So, is it an apple or is it not an apple? Okay. What is the truth of this apple? How do you know it's an apple? Where are your link sources and reliable people with credentials? What is the truth? What color is it? Huh? &gt;&gt; Red. Yes. And and where does it where do you get it from? &gt;&gt; A tree. &gt;&gt; A tree. It grows in a tree. So all we got so far are facts. Now I want someone here to tell me what is the truth of an apple. I'm waiting. What is the truth of an apple? You know what's the truth of an apple? Somebody who doesn't know what it's called, where it comes from, but they know what to do with it. What do you do with an apple? &gt;&gt; Right now, how many of you can describe to me in the best language what an apple tastes like? &gt;&gt; Yes, buddy. &gt;&gt; A strawberry. Anybody? Anybody who's so educated? Where is it? Yes. Like juicy. Yeah, it is. It is juicy. But who can describe to me what it tastes like? Abby, it's sweet. Yeah, but what's sweet? Sweet has been sugary. You adults who are you got your degrees and you guys with degrees and whatever. &gt;&gt; What does it taste like? &gt;&gt; There you go. It tastes like an apple. WHICH MEANS AFTER 6,000 YEARS OF EATING APPLES, you cannot describe to me what an apple tastes like. YOU CANNOT TELL me what it tastes LIKE. YOU CANNOT EVEN USE FIVE words to describe it. You can only tell me it tastes like an apple. SHE MEANS ALL THE KNOWLEDGE. YES, brother Liam. &gt;&gt; There you go. So all we have is facts, reliable sources, but the truth you cannot describe. You can give it to an infant who doesn't know what it is, where it comes from, uh how it grows, what its seed looks like, what its tree looks like, which ground it grew up in. Most of you here don't even know what's the biological name of apple. Right? Do you know that once apple was the universal name for all fruit? This is why you have art apple and every other apple in the Dutch because they used to call any fruit the apple of the tree. Did you know that? BUT YOU CANNOT TELL ME THE TRUTH OF AN APPLE. BUT YET YOU KNOW THE truth of an apple. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; YOU HAVE THE TRUTH OF AN apple even though you you you GOT ALL THE FACTS AND YOU THE FACTS ARE NOT EVEN TASTY. Whether it's red, whether it's shape, WHATEVER IT IS, WHAT ground you grow, none of that is important. NONE OF THAT PRODUCES ANY POWER IN YOU. But you know it's good for you. You know you can eat it. You know you can taste it. You can't explain that. That's the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The rest is evidence and knowledge. Oh, taste and see &gt;&gt; that the Lord is good &gt;&gt; with all the knowledge you can have, with all the preaching, with all the theology, with all the Bible schools, with all the the doctrines you can have, if you don't taste, all you have is knowledge. This is the reason all those who study theology and Bible and even the message if you haven't met him &gt;&gt; the only people who POSSESS THE TRUTH AND ARE POSSESSED OF THE TRUTH are the ones who have met him &gt;&gt; who have tasted of the heavenly gift that's the people who have the truth &gt;&gt; and those are the people who can tell you when you're preaching in error ever. And when you're pre when you're not, you can have a lady who is a housewife who irons clothes and washes CLOTHES AND STUFF AND DOES NOT STUDY DOCTRINES, BUT SHE CAN TELL you you're preaching wrong. &gt;&gt; Because she has tasted &gt;&gt; so if you believe in facts, I want to ask you young people today, how much evidence do you need to fully believe that God exists and he created the universe and the world we live in today? How much evidence is enough to make you believe in God? How about when does the evidence stop? Right now, science is a baby. Do you know that? &gt;&gt; Science like started a few hundred years ago. Because that's when they were able to collect evidence that could prove anything or something. Truth needs an element of faith. See, that's the thing. Evidence doesn't need faith. Evidence needs recognition. Which is why when you're having conversation with people and YOU'RE PRESENTING EVIDENCE AND FACTS AND AND CONCEPTS and whatever, they're just looking at it as knowledge. You're not telling them truth because the truth is too much for them to be to to be put into words. If truth does not come by revelation, you cannot possess it. &gt;&gt; If everything is about evidence, where is the faith? &gt;&gt; If there is no faith, there is no power. IF THERE IS NO POWER, there is no change to life. You can GIVE PEOPLE ALL THE FACTS, IT WILL NOT CHANGE their life. What do people Why do people not believe though there is an abundance of evidence? Right. What about the seventh seal? Listen to this saints. We we have to preach the seventh seal to people. We have to preach what the first fold is, the second fold, third fold. Do you is there any mystery as to why people don't believe what we say when we present them evidence? Because unless they taste and see, they will never know. Yeah, &gt;&gt; YOU CAN PRODUCE ALL THE QUOTES you want in a specific format, under a different subject, UNDER A DIFFERENT HEADING, UNDER A DIFFERENT TEACHING. Unless they connect with the Holy Spirit himself, there's no way, there's no convincing. There's no certain ministry. &gt;&gt; Listen, I want to ask I want to be as clear with you as possible. What proof do we have of Christ? What evidence do we have of Christ? the shroud of Turin, the witnesses of men. How do you know he was born of a virgin? How do you know he raised from the dead? How do you know who wrote the book of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John? What evidence did do you have that the words written in those gospels are actually the word of Christ? Do you know? Can you prove it? Can you prove that Noah built an ark and there was a flood? Do you have evidence that Moses opened up the Red Sea? Do you have evidence that Daniel killed Goliath with one stone? Do you have evidence, proof, facts, links, sources, or anyone with authority to tell you and prove to you everything that there is in the Bible? No, you don't. No one has it. Though people will try archaeology, this finding under the temple mount, this finding the shot of Turin, this in the cave, this it proves nothing. It doesn't even matter. It's what you believe. &gt;&gt; It's not the evidence that changed lives and made people repent of sin. It's faith. It's the belief that it was truth that changed lives that changed governments and constitutions and RESHAPED SOCIETY. IT WASN'T ACTUAL EVIDENCE. TODAY THEY THEY CRYING FOR EVIDENCE FOR A GOD FOR THE ONE WHO CREATED THE UNIVERSE. BUT THE FAITH CHANGED PEOPLE, &gt;&gt; COUNTRIES. The the FAITH CHANGES A DRUG ADDICT TO BEING CLEAN IN ONE DAY. &gt;&gt; NOT EVIDENCE. &gt;&gt; AMEN. And I'm talking to you. What proof do we have of William Brandon? What proof do we have of the cloud outside of the picture? What proof do we have of the mysterious week when he preached the seals? Do you realize our entire teaching and belief is based on the dreams and visions of a man &gt;&gt; who was born in Kentucky, &gt;&gt; who claims to have had the angel visit him, who saw dreams and visions &gt;&gt; and who spoke in words that were uneducated &gt;&gt; and without proper grammar. You you mean our lives, our marriages, our raising of our children, the jobs we choose, the way we dress, the holiday places WE GO TO IS DEFINED BY WHAT THAT MAN TAUGHT US. Why would you follow it? There's only one reason is because your faith changed you somehow. &gt;&gt; And you'll not change from that. No matter what evidence is produced in you, you and I know what it did for us. &gt;&gt; Because we've tasted &gt;&gt; and when you've tasted, there's no words to describe it. &gt;&gt; You are the proof. You are the evidence. You are the only evidence. You you cannot even depend on on your your mind, your reasoning, on how you read the message and how you construct the doctrine out of it. YOU CAN'T. IT'S HOW IT IS REVEALED &gt;&gt; AND WHEN IT IS REVEALED WHEN YOU TASTE AND WHAT IT DOES TO YOU. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; That's all. &gt;&gt; That's all. &gt;&gt; Other than that, you got nothing. You can produce the best music in your church. You can produce the best anointing IN YOUR CHURCH. YOU CAN HAVE PEOPLE FALLING DOWN, CRYING, AND ALL OF THAT. IT'S STILL NOT ENOUGH TO PRODUCE anything &gt;&gt; or or prove to YOU ANYTHING OR CHANGE YOU. There must be a personal connection with the truth. and the truth shall set you free. &gt;&gt; Everything we have is based on another man's dreams, visions, and experiences. On that statement alone, that's enough to say, "Let's walk away." Because if I came here next week and told you I had dreams, visions, and prophecies, and I saw an angel, are you just going to believe me? No. What proof do we have of Christ? Why is your whole life depended on the words of Christ and prophets who you have not met, who you do not know? Truth is not received by evidence, young people, but by believing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is why I'm encouraging you in your life with your husband and wife, with your children, with your parents, believe in each other. &gt;&gt; That's a better life. Believe in one another. Don't think proof and evidence makes your life better. It doesn't. It makes it worse. Believe one another. Love one. To love one is to believe them. Amen. &gt;&gt; Sons of God, truth is not received by evidence and by believing but by believing. Sons of God will find truth. And the truth is God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the knowledge of the truth is Christ the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. So if the knowledge of the knowledge reveals the truth, then the word is truth. If the knowledge does not reveal the truth, it's not the truth. So you can have preaching and teaching in Christian churches that does not lead you to God. That means that knowledge is just knowledge. It's not truth. It doesn't have truth in it. See, Christ is the word and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. The word was in the beginning with God and the word was God. &gt;&gt; The word must lead you to God. &gt;&gt; And when you taste that word and if you taste truth, you'll never change from it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If Christ reveals God, then Christ is God. Yes. &gt;&gt; Sons of God then who search for the word and find truth. Those sons of God search for Christ and find God. And what happens when you have truth? The truth possesses you. &gt;&gt; When sons of God find truth, then they are possessed by the truth. &gt;&gt; You love him, saints. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads together.
