################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-06 - Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P1 - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-06
Title:    Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P1 - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZz2Se-qZBM
========================================

Description:
"The Spirit of Truth and the Spirit of Lies"
30 November 2025_Sunday
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. While you're standing, we like to read in our our Bibles or you can follow with us on the screen. We're going to begin by reading a scripture from Psalm 96 verse 10 to verse 13. And that's before you can take your seats. Wonderful portion of scripture here. The word reads like this. Say among the heathen that the Lord reignth. The world also shall be established that it shall not be moved. He shall judge the people righteously. Let the heavens rejoice and let the earth be glad. Let the sea roar and the fullness thereof. Let the field be joyful and all that is therein. Then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice before the Lord, for he cometh, for he cometh to judge the earth. And here it is. He shall judge the world with righteousness, and the people with his truth. Amen. The Lord add a blessing to his word. You may be seated. He shall judge the world with righteousness and the people with his truth. We like to greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Certainly good to be with you all this morning and uh thankful to God for his grace and mercy with us. As some of you know from the prayer requests and so on. It's been a difficult week. Uh but every one of us has these weeks at times. We got to just go through it, push through it, and uh let our faith bring us out of it. Amen. So we'd like to uh welcome all of you and especially our visitors which is part of the Drais team sitting out here in the second row. Welcome young men. It's an honor to have you with us. God bless you. I hope I don't confuse you too much today. And I preach very long. Okay. So I hope you kept your had a good night's sleep last night. All right. So I always like the young people and I prefer speaking to young people which is why I always say old people have already made up their minds and it's very hard to change them and uh with young people they are lives that are being molded and especially after what we're going to be speaking today you'll realize how important it is that they receive the word of God. The word of God is is becoming a a very scarce commodity today because the world is uh is is pushing other words into our children and into society which is why it is decaying the way it is. So we want to speak this morning on a subject called knowing God and knowing the devil and uh the spirit of truth and the spirit of lies is our title. So just to bring you into it, this is another message inspired by what we spoke about to the Sunday school recently. And so we learned in the story of God and man that before there was anything, before God was even called God, uh before anything was created, he was like this fountain of life. There was no form. There was he had no form like a man. And uh he had to make himself visible in a heavenly realm. But the question is what was he? Was he man? Did God have a body? What form was he in? Did he even have a form? Does God need a form? Right? And you think about all the uh arguments that people have today. And one of the reasons why people, you know, I would say the chief reasons that people today become atheists is because of those who believe in God. Did you get that? Hope you didn't miss that. The chief reason people become atheists is because of people who believe in God. Because the ridiculous ideas we tell them, &gt;&gt; yes, &gt;&gt; is what makes them think this can't be true. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it sounds like a whole bunch of nonsense. And so if you if we keep going around like the world is tearing in absolute nonsense and pedalling in it and uh trading it &gt;&gt; uh by their words and preaching a Jesus Christ that is foreign to what the Bible teaches. Teaching a god that is not what the Bible teaches. And like like Christ himself says teaching for God the traditions of men. Then the the people on earth are going to smell a rat. &gt;&gt; They're going to know you're not speaking the truth and you're not presenting something that is real. And you don't need education. You don't need science. You don't need convincing to believe in God. Humans have this gift &gt;&gt; of sensing truth. And so when you present something that has any speck of lies in there, you'll see it all over them. You'll see this or or or some kind of defensive form. Humans already know this. If you meet somebody and you greet them or something happens because there's some sense in you that recognizes danger and knows truth and lies. You don't you don't even have to be educated into it. It just happens. When someone tells you something, you'll see you'll see our hands. Our hands are the biggest language because our hands actually are telling us whether we are sensing lies or whether we are even speaking lies. Because when we are speaking lies, we will block our mouth. We will distract. We'll put our hands behind our back. We'll put our hands behind. This this form of crossing hands is a defensive nature which means you're concealing something or you're insecure about something. And then you find on the other hand the narcissist, the man who is absolutely brilliant at telling lies will come out and stand like that because he's so confident in his lie that he's deceiving you with his openness and you think, "Wow, this guy's impressive. This guy is telling the truth." And we've had these experts at lying and deceiving ruling mankind for a very long time. They wrote books that we read. They made religions that we believe. They have taught us things that we accept. Right? And you can see people pushing back today. I mean, if they actually produced proper truthful evidence of landing on the moon, then anyone everybody will believe it. There's a whole lot of people in the world who just don't believe anybody landed on the moon. And there's a whole bunch of scientists working to prove it. And there's a whole lot of scientists working to say that's lies. And there's a whole lot of other things that we are presented with every single day. Amen. And this is why we're speaking on the spirit of truth and the spirit of lies. And so probably the biggest lie I would say that exists in the world is who God is and who is the devil. Because if you can make the devil as scary as possible, you can scare people into following a religion. And then if you can make God as judgmental as possible, then you can try and make sure people follow God in case bad things happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And those are just not the truth. Right? So this is why when we began on the series of uh the story of God and man and uh we began to teach the the young people uh how everything began how uh God brought everything into being how creation came into being and then some years ago in I I can't remember what year it was could have been 2018 or something where we did the the one big youth meeting with all the youth in Durban and we did uh who is God and who is the devil. Some of you are older ones will remember that. So, we're coming back to that some of that. So, that because there's a lot of the um youth who are here today who were actually kids back then. All right? And then of course the adults miss out on the youth meetings. So, we're going to bring it all in. Now, remember God became visible first in a heavenly state, in a heavenly dimension. You remember that story of God and man. And then he became the logos. But the logos was a form that he became, right? And but who is he? If God takes on a form, is the form who he is? Who is God? That's the question. How can you worship something? How can you bow down to something? How can you follow something when you don't know what it is? &gt;&gt; Right? That means if you are worshiping something that you don't know, you're actually deceiving yourself. Agreed? So who is he? And if God dwells in a body or exists in a form, is that form who he is? These are the questions we need to ask. So what about you? Right? All of you sitting here, you are definitely bodies. I can see that thankfully all humans, no aliens in our presence. Okay. But who are you? Are you that body? Is that body who you are? Does that body define who you are? Okay. Uh or are you your brain? That clumpy mass of gray cells inside your head. Is that who you are? Are you your thoughts? Are you your heart? Maybe by heart I don't mean the pumping organ inside your chest. I mean like the the imaginational center of who you think you are, right? You know, like when you act out and uh and people say, "Oh, you're you're like this." And and you'll say, "Well, you don't really know who I am. Do you know who you are?" Now, how are people not knowing who you are? Oh, why don't you tell people who you are then? Why don't you uh express yourself clearly so everyone does know who you are? You can't even do that unless you know who you are. Are you with me? Am I confusing you solid? Okay. So, are you your heart? Are you your mind? Are you your body? Who are you? What are you? Right. In the same way, who and what is God really? How can you know there's a in the Bible under the um the Jewish dispensation when God brought in the book of Leviticus and the Levitical law, he told them not to make any idols, graven images, not to worship anything, bird, fish, animal, male, female, rock, whatever it is. Do not make any image and say that is me. And don't worship that as if you are worshiping me. That is idolatry. Why? Why would he do that? Because when you focus on a form, you you have a nature to obsess on the form. And then humans don't stop there. You start making replicas of that form. You start drawing pictures of it. You then start putting crowns on it. Then you start decorating it. Then you start painting it. Then you put it in some place. Then you start making people pay to see it. Sounds like a religion, right? That's why idolatry is evil. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; All right. So, who is God really? And how can we best describe his nature? Okay. So, the best thing to do because you have already come into this world and unfortunately every one of you have been fed a bunch of lies. From the time you could hear and understand and read, you were fed lies. We know this. Now, some of you don't know this. You are about to know this. Okay? So, begin to understand who God really is. We first have to tell you what is not God. &gt;&gt; See, all the world has told you about God. And almost everything you believe about God is a lie. So let's begin. Where is God? This is not God. This comes from medieval paintings, medieval, middle ages, European people who uh had these great artists during the Renaissance period, you know, the the period of Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo and they're great men, great talented men. but by their artwork they deceived the whole world because God does not have a massive throne in the clouds. That's just false. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And he doesn't have winged angels flying around in space. &gt;&gt; And um you know I did this uh I did this um experiment. I do this experiment wherever I go, wherever I preach, especially with young people as well. I tell everybody, close your eyes and imagine God, right? And everybody imagines God like that. How do you how did that happen? How is it possible that the entire human race imagines God the same way? We live in South Africa where the majority of us are black people. Even black people see a white god and it's got nothing to do with race. I I even asked the the young black kids, "Who is God? Is he dark skin or fair skin?" He's fair skinned. He's white. It's got nothing to do with race. Who told you God even has a race? &gt;&gt; Blonde hair, blue eyes, brown hair. What? Why does God even need hair? Does he have a bad hair day sometimes? Why does he have to have a beard? Because in the Renaissance period, a man with the beard showed wisdom, so they drew him with a beard. And then um does he have light shining from him? Does he have a halo around his head? Is he giant? Why does he have to be a giant and have a massive chair? Why does God need to sit? Does he get tired? See, I told you it's all been lies and we accepted it and we s we drew the pictures. Nobody sees a black god. I mean, African and nobody sees an Indian god either. Just they're expecting him to have more arms than normal. Maybe nobody does. Uh and this goes into the denomination. This is definitely not God. Can you see that? old man. He looks like he can barely move, &gt;&gt; you know. And then I don't know what they're holding. Maybe that's earth. They look giant. And the dove there flying in who knows where. The dove, which is an earthly creature, is supposed to be the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; just because of a scripture that says descended like a dove from heaven. Like a dove. But no, there is a winged creature, foul bird called the Holy Ghost in these pictures. And there's all these people around, they're angels, you know, and the one thing that always gets me about how they paint God is so feminine and Jesus. &gt;&gt; They look like all they have is no muscle. They're just love, right? compassion. So feminine I don't get it. They all paint them like that. This children is not God. &gt;&gt; It's been a lie. Okay. And neither is Jesus sitting there next to and they all dressed in robes, you know, like why don't they dress like us? Why do they dress like people from 4,000 years ago? What? Did they not get the fashion magazine? did not update themselves. I I told you the reason I speak like this is to mock it &gt;&gt; so you understand it &gt;&gt; because okay let me put it this way because of the indoctrination of these pictures when you see it in your mind that's what you assume a holy man should look like and a prophet should look like. They should be dressed in robes from 4,000 years ago or 2,000 years ago. Which is why when a a man of God today speaks to you who's dressed like me, you don't consider him to be a man of God as compared with those. And therefore, the way you are, you can't even see yourself as a man of God because you just don't compare to that image. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And this is definitely again not God. God does not care for gold from earth, crowns, an orb from the Catholic Church, and a staff. What is that? What is it? That's like Zeus and Apollo. That's what that is, right? It's not even God. And there's the dove again with a ring around his head this time. And there's clouds. Lord knows where those clouds are. All right. So God is not an old looking white man or light-skinned man or black man or Indian man who lives in the universe and nowhere. Nowhere live parked somewhere off in a galaxy far far away. No. Right. Not sitting upon a giant throne doing nothing else. What does God do? Nothing else but sit and all the angels must come in all the time bowing down singing choir in heaven. And then there angels bowing down, raising hands, throwing down crowds. All this happens while this old man just sits and says, "Give me more. Give me more. Come on. Give me more. A little bit louder there. A little bit better this way." Lies. Right. And with Jesus sitting there next to him, you know, usual story, son who doesn't have a job, making nothing but weird signs, like peace and the scout symbol, you know, and all those things. That's all. Jesus is just sitting next to the father doing nothing. Doesn't have a job. The only thing is when some poor soul on earth who has a real problem and needs some help, he whispers in prayer to Jesus and then Jesus says, "Hey, Dad, got a guy has a problem. Please help him out. He really liked me when I was on earth." THAT'S JESUS'S JOB. APPARENTLY, lies again. And then, you know what? Things get really tough. Things get really tough because now there's 7 billion people on the planet. You know, Jesus can only hear so many prayers at a time, you know. So, let's employ some saints who will then, you know, Christopher and Martin and Thomas and who else? These these saints and don't forget Mary. She's also got a heavy schedule. She needs a secretary, you know, and then you pray to them and they'll escalate your prayer to Jesus who will escalate your prayer to God. And hopefully by next year you might get it, you know, before you fill out the pink slip and the blue slip and the yellow slip and reach second floor and third floor. And it's like a like they're telling us it's a business, the business of heaven. You got to go through this one first. You have to go to your pastor and your pastor will take your prayer to saint whoever and the saint lies and YOU'VE BEEN SWALLOWING IT. THIS WORLD has been swallowing it. Let's not even get to other religions. At least we've got two and a couple of saints. There are others who've got thousands. I don't know how their management goes. Some of them have gods up and below and everywhere. And uh depending on what you want, you have to make sacrifices to wherever to to get some answer from somewhere. Let's not even go there. Okay. This was a lie started by ancient religions. The reason why Christians adopted these things is because of paganism and heathenism &gt;&gt; and because those narcissistic men who wanted to control humanity hijacked Christianity and stuck all the paganism in there and put fear into mankind. God's name is not just Jehovah or Yahweh or Elohim. God does not even need a name to call himself by. Look at just the idea of that. So if you don't pray to God, if you don't call out to God in Jehovah or Elohim or Yahweh or Jesus, he won't hear you. You know, that's a really bad boss. You know, it's like, I need something, but just because I don't use those specific names, he's not going to hear me. Oh, you got to use that name. And here's the problem. This is the reason man always asked for a name. That's why God gave them one and not a name to tie himself down by that this is his only name. THIS IS THE MOST POWERFUL NAME. NO, those names that reveal who God is in that period of time, right? I remember I told you this. He reveals himself to Abraham. He's al Shadhai. Then he's he reveals himself to Moses as Jehovah. And then the the name Jehovah is used for some period of time. And then u uh Samson's father who's Manoah asks the angel tell us what is your name? He says why do you ask my name? Don't you know it's a secret? How is his name a secret in Monoah's day when he was revealed as Jehovah and El Shadai in other days? Because the name of God is just simply this. the revelation of God for that present day. &gt;&gt; That's what you call on. And you don't call on a name like Alistister, John, Mark, Joseph, whatever. You don't. That's not it. It's a revelation of God. That is a name. See, our names mean nothing. They're just names our parents gave us. You know that they're a form of identification to see who you are in this time. That's all we use names for. Names don't even define you anymore. &gt;&gt; Right? Names used to be something that gave you identification, a proper identification of where you came from, who you are, where what your lineage is, which land you come from. You don't even have that, right? It's just names and surnames today. So, who God is or what his name was in any time was the was the revelation of him for that time. Amen. And he was the the name Jesus. Now why Jesus is important is the revelation of Jesus. What is Jesus? There's no power in the literal name because we know in Spain there's plenty of Jesuses running around kicking a soccer ball for fun. &gt;&gt; Jesus and whatever. Everyone's isus in the Greek and and and uh in all the languages we've got all these people who are named Jesus. They don't walk around with halos and supernatural powers and every time someone shoots them, they rise from the dead. No, there's no absolutely no power in that literal name. But there's power in the revelation &gt;&gt; of who Jesus was 2,000 years ago. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why it has become the name above all names. It is the most relatable name to humankind. Okay, let's move on. Because of the misunderstanding of who God is, religions that were formed on earth have led people to terrible beliefs, even more terrible ways of worship. Okay? And so, this is going to be a minieries. So, we're going to get to some other things, but I just want to lay the foundation for today. So these religions that have been fueled and and founded on lies has made life on earth follow a massive and terrible lie. The Lord Jesus came to manifest God in flesh to us. Who God really is. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he told us something important, something phenomenal. God is a spirit. That's what he told us. Now in Christianity, it's been commonly believed that like you saw in those pictures, God is the father. Jesus is the son of God. Everyone's heard that, right? So they they took God and they made him two people. And then they put the dove there, the holy ghost and that there are three trinity, holy trinity they call it, right? Christians have believed since they converted from heathenism and paganism. Okay, so for some of you who don't know, heathenism is or heathen is a word in the Bible which means somebody who doesn't know God, somebody who worships God through idols of rock and wood and stone and so on like that. and paganism as people who actually have a belief in they worship the creation the earth trees you know like um not even having to form an an idol or an image they literally worship the creation they have you heard of what is it ga earth mother and a whole lot of other things uh we did some of it some time ago in different teachings but that's what paganism basically is about and they have these very some of them very nice, fascinating rituals, you know, uh different kinds of weird prayers and meditation and you know, burning of incense and beliefs in in in rocks and minerals and uh um gases and air. It's very very um creationbased, right? And so when Christianity came to the Gentiles because we already had those things, we put them into Christianity. Right? So the Lord Jesus himself in the words recorded of him seems to give glory to the father. We know that, right? And so the father they what happened with heathenism and paganism is they said the father is god in his own form in his own body and Jesus is the son of god in another form in his own body and that according to the bible is absolutely false. &gt;&gt; I the lord your god am one lord. You shall have no other god beside me. &gt;&gt; Amen. There is no second person or third person. He is one Lord. Okay? Already people be confused like, "Okay, but what about the father? What about the son?" Well, we've taught you that. So, Christians have argued about this for over 2,000 years. And it's separated. Christianity separated into many groups. Some of them are called Trinitarians. They worship and they believe. They hold as the foundation of their belief the Holy Trinity. And then you have the others who are oneness, right? Just one. Jesus is that body that is God. It's like the idol. And it's not exactly the oneness doctrine of the oneness Pentecostal movement. But then it separated people into different groups. And then there's others who believe in a two-part godhead, father and son. So the real problem is all Christians today cannot agree on who God is. Is the Father God? Is Jesus God? Is the Holy Ghost God? Is the Holy Spirit and the Father the same person, the same being? Are they not? Why are they not? All these questions and they just circle it. They skirt the issue. They don't answer the questions. So, what does the Lord Jesus himself say? All right, are you with me? &gt;&gt; We're going to have a really fascinating discussion about uh this particular situation. John 4:24, God is a, this is the Lord Jesus speaking, God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. We're going to break that down for you, right? But firstly, if Jesus was God, why now? He's a he's a man standing there speaking to the woman at the well and he says God is a spirit and if you worship him you must worship him in spirit and in truth. Why is he as a man standing there? If he was God why is he saying God is a spirit? Why didn't he just say I am God? This is what all those Christians who are trinitarians will tell you. Why didn't he just say I am God? Why didn't he just tell the people what they wanted to hear? He was definitely Christ was definitely speaking in harmony with the rest of the scriptures. Why? Because when God spoke to Moses through the pillar of fire, was the pillar of fire God? No. The pillar of fire was the veil through which the spirit of God spoke. When he spoke through the pillar of cloud, was the cloud God? No. He spoke through the cloud. He used the cloud as a veil to hide whatever there was to hide. Are you with us? &gt;&gt; And so in the same way when he spoke through angels, when he came as the angel of the Lord speaking to Samson's father, the angel itself was not God, but the spirit was God. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so in Jesus Christ, he did Christ never asked us to make idols of that body. &gt;&gt; That's right. and make figures and statues and pictures and worship the picture or worship the statue or worship the body. That would be incorrect with what the Bible teaches. &gt;&gt; God is a spirit. &gt;&gt; The vessel or the veil or the body is what he hides himself behind. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the Bible. Okay. So uh we also have to make a note that he was not speaking the this is what I love about the situation. Christ here is not speaking to great theologians in Bible schools and professors and holy men and kings. He's these profound words are being spoken to a nobody. a woman who is rejected. She's not even Jewish for crying out loud. She's not even Israelite. He is supposed to be an Israel. He's an Israelite apparently. And he's speaking to them to her. And she even says to him, "You're not supposed to be speaking to me according to the law because Samaritans were outcast people. They were literally Gentiles who had ties by blood somehow to Abraham." Right? So um he's not speaking to even holy men. This this passage of scripture WITH THIS PROFOUND UNDERSTANDING OF GOD is not even spoken to a church or holy men or priests or prophets. It's spoken to a nobody. That's what I find so amazing about it. Okay, I'll I'll stop my amazement for another time. But we also have to make note that he was he was speaking to somebody who are you all with me? HE DID NOT HAVE TO DO miracles for her. He didn't have to do any healing. He didn't have to do any spiritual event. &gt;&gt; He didn't have to raise someone from the dead. She was not even an Israelite. All he did was speak the word &gt;&gt; and the truth to her. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what I like message people to wake up and believe here and see. To everyone ELSE, HE HAD TO DO SOME MIRACLE. He had to heal the leper, heal the sick, open the eyes of the blind, raise the dead, uh feed the 5,000 with with uh five loaves of bread and two fishes. But with this woman, he just sits there and talks to her and reveals the most profound message in all scripture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All he did was speak the truth. Come on now. Let's wake up. Why am I telling you this? Because this is what he's doing with us. &gt;&gt; This is exactly what he's doing with the bride today. Everyone else is running around searching for miracles. I won't believe in God unless he heals me of cancer. I won't believe in God unless he does this for me. I won't believe in God unless he gives me this miracle. And churches are even uh advertising, come to our church for a miracle. &gt;&gt; Why can you not believe God's word without a miracle? &gt;&gt; Amen. All he did was speak the truth. He spoke the most amaz I want you to go back home today, sit down at lunch and read John 4, the chapter John 4, right? I want you to have a look at this conversation that he spoke with this woman at the well. It's fascinating, right? All he does is sit there and speak the truth to her, the unadulterated truth. No, no holes barred, no punches held. He just tells her the truth, right? And he spoke the most amazing mystery to this unknown woman. And after this great verse of saying, "God is a spirit. They that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." Yes. &gt;&gt; She then says this, "The woman said unto him, I know that when Messiah comes, which is called Christ," so she knows about Messiah and she knows about Christ. When he has come, he will tell us ALL THINGS. VERSE 26, JESUS said unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. He did not admit this to any other person &gt;&gt; in scripture &gt;&gt; to nobody else to not even the disciples not even the the people who not even his mother mother not even his village not even the people who tried him not the high PRIEST NOT ANY HOLY man he says it TO THIS WOMAN EVERYONE ELSE HE SPEAKS ABOUT THE SON of man shall do this, the son of man shall do this if you believe in my words and so on. This is the only person in all scripture that he says I am the Messiah. &gt;&gt; I am the Christ. I am he. &gt;&gt; I that speak unto thee am he. &gt;&gt; This is phenomenal. This is why I'm saying you really need to go and read this and chew the cut here. Right? when she hears him conclude John 4:24 and she said and and when he says God is a spirit and if you worship him you must worship him in spirit and in TRUTH HER REACTION TO THAT VERSE to those words is we know that when Messiah comes he will tell us all things it's related she didn't just come up with some &gt;&gt; something to say she didn't just say those WORDS SHE WAS SAYING THOSE words in reaction to we have to worship him in spirit and in truth. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So why is she saying Messiah will tell us all things? Because all things were not yet told. In other words, she's saying how are WE GOING TO WORSHIP him in truth? &gt;&gt; If all THINGS ARE NOT TOLD, &gt;&gt; YOU understand it now. There we go. &gt;&gt; So she knew there was a need for all things. She knew there was a need for the truth to be told. SHE KNEW THAT HE WAS TELLING HER THINGS already that was stirring up her heart and things nobody else has ever spoken to her before. She had a sense &gt;&gt; that this is he. &gt;&gt; This is the reason why she even said that. We know that when Messiah who is called Christ when he comes see then he tells her the ultimate truth. I that speak unto thee am he. This is incredible. No theatrics, no speaking in tongues, &gt;&gt; no prophecies, no raising of the dead, no healing of the body, no miracle. She went away without any miracle being done for her. IN FACT, HE JUST TOLD HER THE BRUTAL TRUTH. You're a sinner. You've had five husbands and the one you're living with is not even yours. Right there, she should have turned around and said, you know, like we are today, who do you think you are? Like what IS YOUR PROBLEM? WHO DIED AND MADE YOU GOD? WHY ARE YOU JUDGING me like the young people today? So judgy h no nothing. She just sat there and listened. Imagine and this is why I say with judge people it's like we have to constantly deal with you with kid gloves. Imagine if I had to come and start off with you teaching you the word and start by judging you. start by telling you what's wrong with your life. You wouldn't even last 5 minutes. You'll be like, "Excuse me, I don't need to listen to this. I I'm asking you today, if Christ came to you and started with what's wrong in your life, how would you accept it? If you can't accept it from me, who is your brother? You think you're just going to accept it from Christ?" And he started there and went on with it. And she sat and listened despite the judgment that just came. Incredible. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; This is amazing to me that all message people need to see but cannot see. Why can you not listen when he speaks to us like he spoke to the woman at the well? Why do we behave like the 5,000 who were fed with five loaves and two fishes? How did they behave? THEY WERE JUST FED BY AN ABSOLUTE MIRACLE. They should have fell down there and worshiped God and said, "We believe you are Messiah. We are we understand all things now. We believe it. We have seen it for ourselves. Uh we will worship. Tell us anything we must do and we shall do it. WE WILL LAY DOWN our lives." Instead, they followed him across the Sea of Galilee wanting more food. And then he started speaking to them the brutal truth. And he said, "You seek meat that perishes. You want earthly blessings." In other words, I am the bread that came down from heaven. He starts speaking thoughtful ministry. &gt;&gt; He said, "Your fathers looked for for meat that perisheth and they died in the wilderness. The bread that I give you will give you eternal life. Amen. &gt;&gt; And then he GOES ON AND EXPRESSES the mystery. Eat my flesh and drink my blood. And they couldn't understand. He was not talking about physically eating him. Of course, he was talking about his word that they should believe his every word. They all turned against him, including the 70 disciples. The 70 disciples WHO HAD RECEIVED THE SPIRIT OF GOD FROM HIM TO GO AND CAST out devils and do healings. THEY ALL TURN AWAY FROM HIM when he spoke the brutal truth which tells you that the majority of people in the world if Christ should come like they want him to like they claim he's coming will reject him &gt;&gt; again &gt;&gt; because they did it the first time. I this is to me the the uh the idiocy of humans today to think that they've been waiting for Jesus to come the second time for so many years and that now if he comes we will believe him. This is the reason I say it's idiocy is because he already came the first time and only 12 believed &gt;&gt; 11. AND THE THE BIGGEST CHURCH HE HAD was 120 &gt;&gt; who were left after he had ascended. You mean the Messiah himself couldn't have a 24,000 seater church, 50,000 SEATER CHURCH? YOU MEAN GOD HIMSELF made flesh? couldn't be so convincing to have the greatest church, the greatest movement. IT WAS BECAUSE HE WAS THE TRUTH THAT THE whole world rejected him. &gt;&gt; Amen. No. &gt;&gt; And this is why I say it's idiocy to think that now Christians believe if he comes, if he shows himself, if he comes flying in the clouds and billowing in those clothes that they painted him in and he's just standing there in the heavens and and uh Jesus comes a second time and the trumpets are blowing and all the world is just going to say, "Oh my goodness, it's Jesus." All the Hindus and Muslims and poor people who didn't believe in Christ will say, "We were wrong. Let's all bow the knee and every tongue confess that Jesus is Lord. Lies. &gt;&gt; No one's going to believe it. I told you the first thing is the new generation will say that's some kind of hologram. &gt;&gt; CNN will be saying, "What is this? This is some some new scientific thing. People are flying in the sky. It cannot be." THEY WILL DO EVERYTHING IN THEIR power to speak against it. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE THE WORLD DOESN'T want Christ. &gt;&gt; Yes. They want lives &gt;&gt; like they're living now. They want sin. They want Netflix. They want movies. They want awful music. They want uh fornication, drugs, alcohol. They would rather drink themselves till they are drunk and passed out than ever hear the truth. They want to watch the rugby and drink a whole bunch of beer and belch like a sailor. They want to waste their time spending money on idiotic things. Nobody cares for the truth. And they all are saying in their drunken stuper that they are waiting for Jesus to come. Let's go to church on Sundays for Easter and Christmas and maybe Jesus will accept us. That's Christianity today. That's why I say to you, that's why we're getting more atheists because the Christians themselves don't believe &gt;&gt; and are not ambassadors at all of the word. So what is outstanding here is that if they fail to hear the word, if the people of earth today fail to hear and believe the word of God, God cannot even reveal truth to you. I am he. That's you know what I see in there? I am he. you that there's so much in there that's also saying I am here. I am here. The one you've been waiting for. I am here. &gt;&gt; I have come. I've been here for the last 30 years. Can you imagine all that dawning on her right there in that moment? That's why we read this Bible like a book of texts and scriptures. We don't get ourselves into the stand on the ground at the at the well where she stood and feel it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I am here. I am he. I have come. I'm the one the world has been looking for. And she's sitting there regarding this man who just looks like a normal man. You mean no halo, no uh supernatural powers, not doing anything fantastic. He looks tired, dusty from the travel. He looks thirsty and even hungry. He looks even a little bit sleepy. You mean that is God made flesh, the Messiah, the Christ? I am here going back to John 4:24. So, let's just read that quickly. I want to get to the next part. All right? And then we'll come back to God as a spirit. They that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Okay, everybody from this church, you know what worship means. What is worship? To submit to. Worship in the Bible actually means to bow down to something. And I'll say it again. We all know this in English. We've known this for many years. You call a magistrate of the court your worship, right? Nobody goes to court and sings hymns and psalms to the magistrate. Praise be the magistrate. Hallelujah. That's not worship. &gt;&gt; Shouting hallelujah and singing and praying. That's not worship. &gt;&gt; That's praise. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. You can praise something and not worship it. That means you can sing to Jesus, you can sing to God, but in your heart you don't submit to his word. That's just praise. That's not worship. That's the same as when you're married and uh let's say you're you're the wife and you're sub supposed to submit to your husband and you give him gifts and you you um bestow praise upon him, but in your heart you don't really submit to him. You understand? So it's it's we do this all all around the world today. We give gifts. We give praise. We say to uh everybody, good job inside, he's still an idiot, &gt;&gt; right? YOU DESERVE A GIFT. WELL DONE. YOUR boss tells you, "Well done." Gives you some promotion incentive. In the meantime, he's got you where he needs you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. H worship does not mean singing and praising. Worship is not prayer. Worship is not uh uh reading your Bible. Worship is not kneeling down. Worship is not closing your eyes like you make yourself look so serious. Praise be to God. No, that's religion, tradition, praising. Anybody can do that and bluff us. And there's no submission inside. Okay. To worship means to submit to a leadership. So how do you worship God in spirit and truth? How do you submit to him in spirit and truth? The first thing is you've got to say God is my headship. God is my leader. &gt;&gt; Right? So two things. One, how do I submit to the leadership of God in spirit first? Then how do I submit to the leadership of God in truth? Second. Right? In spirit means not by works, not by religion, uh not by the mind, not by reasoning, but from deeper within. deeper than that. Okay? Not by works of the flesh or by this is why Christians and all religions they do their due diligence. They go to church. They do their prayers. They do their sacrifices. If you're not a Christian, the they pray five times a day or something or they dress in holy garb clothes or they do some tradition of religion. That is not worship. That is works which is only visible to the eyes of men. That's the reason why most religious god-fearing people are frauds because they have a cloak of religion acting as if they believe in God for their own gain. &gt;&gt; That's not submission. That's not worship. That's works for men to see. Right? Then in truth, how do I submit in truth? In truth means not in the knowledge of man. So you can't submit to God with the knowledge that man can give you, right? Not by education. You're not going to be closer to God. In fact, the more educated you are, the further you get away from God. Because education today is going to lead you away from believing in God. It's going to tell you God doesn't exist and science proves this and science proves that and and uh quantum physics shows this and biology shows that and anthropology shows that and and uh paleontology shows that. The more you learn, the further and further you get away from believing in God. You cannot serve God. You cannot submit to him by education. Which is why most educated young people today expect to be convinced of God like the way the universities convince them. Show me evidence. You know almost all the evidence we have today is so small, so minute, it's so ridiculous. You know, I was I was talking to our our um family a few weeks ago. Um and you know, I was showing them if you take the Earth, uh let's say the Earth was I don't have a ball here, but let's say the Earth was that big, right? The furthest our satellites, okay? The furthest our satellites have moved outside of our Earth is that far. That far. Can you see? That far. We're not moving in space that far away. That means even all the pictures they show you of Earth is a projected image. We don't have the capacity to take that picture. And then they oh the web telescope and this telescope. No, those telescopes which have gone off in in a distance have to accumulate images that they get to form a picture. WE DON'T EVEN have the capacity to take a picture of the planet. But we sell the images to our kids. This is it. This is we can barely survive that much past the earth. And those people who do those jumps from space and whatever, can you can you imagine that's as far as we can get with this the great science today that proves God doesn't exist. That's as far as we can travel. That tells you how elaborate the lie has to be. &gt;&gt; See, to disprove God, you've got to create the most elaborate lie. And the amazing thing is we've got these screens, these HD pictures, these um amazing uh stories that people can come up with the story of life and paleontology and the dinosaurs. And we don't even have enough evidence on the dinosaurs to fully construct and know what an actual dinosaur fully looks like. There's so much of lie in there that creates the image. We use computer imaging, young people. Computer imaging. Oh, they use computer imaging. How does computer imaging work? THEY HAVE TO PUT DATA into the computer &gt;&gt; to form the image. If if you gave the computer the knowledge of God, would it form that image? &gt;&gt; So, how do you even know what the dinosaur if we don't tell them make it look lizardlike? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Make it have scales. The computer is a machine. It doesn't know what's feathers and scales and all of that. You've got to put in the data. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Then put all your other stuff in. And then this this thing will make an image based on what you've programmed it to do. &gt;&gt; The rest is human imagination. Okay. So, we don't really know whether a T-Rex and why is it only found in North America where all the greatest liars are. Hey, the ones that fool the whole world. Why Why don't we find T-Rexes here? Why aren't we finding Diplodocus here in Africa? This is where all the big animals deserve to be. This continent, the big five. We should have an even bigger five somewhere else. No, no dinosaurs here. H Well, at least not like that. No, we get the the luxury of all the small minute fossils, you know. No people, it's what man put into the computer and what that's what spits it out. &gt;&gt; Truth is not by the knowledge of man, not by traditions. You can't serve God in truth by fear for selfish reasons, not by histories. There's a new thing now in Christianity is all these scholars coming up studying the historical records. And every time you, like I always say, you kick a bush and another historian pops out and another expert pops out on the Bible and now and then you'll get this guy who refutes that guy and now the internet is filled with all these guys refuting each other AND THIS ONE DESTROYS this one, right? You know, with the glasses on. Yeah. He destroys them. This one destroys THIS ONE AND THIS ONE DESTROYS this one. Who's telling us the truth? who has the better knowledge of the recorded history. Now we have to prove which scrolls are authentic, what that writing says, who interpreted that writing and and transcribed into this one and what year this happened. And we can sit there for two hours and listen to these guys discussing about which year and what was done here and there. And when you're done with it, nobody knows what to believe. They have a vote, you know, like how many of you here in the audience believe in this guy and how many believe that this guy's argument was better and then they have these this like poll number that comes out you know the majority 80% believe this guy what then therefore he must be telling the truth because 80% no not even madeup philosophies but by the correct understanding brought only by faith in the revelation of God for your day. That's the only truth there can be. Okay, let's get a little bit more into that. You love him, saints. &gt;&gt; It was then revealed to us that the Lord Jesus was that spirit of God made flesh. That's what the Bible then tells us, right? Which was called the son. That is the son. The same spirit of God made flesh is called the son. So here's my question for all you geniuses, right, who've been following Christianity and the message for so long. What is a spirit? Can anyone sitting here with red blood and gray cells upstairs, I hope, explain to me in plain English what is a spirit? Use some intellectual articulation to tell me what a spirit is. Oh, but we say amen. Worship him in spirit, brother. What is a spirit? H we can barely explain it. Try it. I did. Gets me nowhere. For some reason, WE HAVE JUST ACCEPTED it as being something real. And some of us even have an imagination of it. I I guarantee you, if I ask the children, they'll start giving me answers like this. You older people will fumble because you don't want to be wrong. Children will tell you, "Spirit is like, if I ask the children, what color is the spirit?" It'll be white, like a mist, be like LIKE LIKE SMOKE INSIDE A PERSON. THEY'LL COME UP WITH ANSWERS. THEY'LL TELL exactly what they think. That's what children do. But you and I will be very reserved to say because we don't want to be wrong. Right? But nobody I know can tell us exactly what it is and neither can I. The word spirit can be used in many. This is amazing. Right? This this one word we have no idea of is the one word running right through from the beginning from Genesis through Revelation. WE JUST AND THIS IS WHAT WE DO AS CHRISTIANS. WE'VE GOT THESE WORDS there and we just skirt around it. We don't want to talk about what it is, right? The word spirit can be used in many contexts and does not mean the same thing at every time. Right? Like the spirit that is God is not the same as being in the spirit. And this is like you know from the debacle of Holy Ghost and Holy Spirit you know that that that we just went through I went through it's LIKE YOU WOULD NEVER say uh because it's the selfsame word now right you can never say in book of revelations JOHN WAS IN THE GHOST on the Lord's day you can't say that but they're the selfsame How was John in the ghost? You would never say that. It just doesn't mean the same thing. And yet in the Greek, it's exactly the same word, numa. And then the very English, I want to show you this. Do you see here the English translators wrote, "God is a spirit, capital S, and you must worship him in spirit, lowercase S." The translators thought they understood something, which is why they did all that. Even the words Holy Spirit in the in the Bible, they don't always use it with capital S. Even the word spirit whenever there's some reasoning behind when they transcribed it, they recognized this was a different meaning, but they only had one word to express it by. So God is not the spirit of God is not the same as being in the spirit. One is referring to one is referring to the very essence of his being and the other is referring to the anointing of his word. Right? Now God is a spirit. Therefore we have to worship him in spirit. Now I want to ask this question. How can we as humans who are limited by three dimensions of light, matter and time? How do we even submit to something we cannot see, you cannot hear, you cannot touch, and you cannot understand? How do we submit to it in truth if we cannot? How do we submit to God whom we cannot see, we cannot hear, we cannot touch, we cannot understand? It's literally impossible for a normal human to do. So for you to do that in some way by yourself, you have to create an image in your mind or an understanding to which you can say I would like to follow that understanding. That's the only way because you can't see the spirit of God. You can't touch it. You can't see it. You can't understand it. You can't hear it. Right? For generations, uh this has happened. We will immediately though. So here's here's the thing. If I ask you to tell me what you think the spirit of God is, I ask you how many people are here. Probably about a 100 people. I don't know. We'll come up with a hundred different descriptions. Right now, who's is right? Whose image whose imagination is the best? And it's not someone who can draw it better. Someone with a greater imagination can come up with something really creative but absolutely wrong. That's just how it is right now. So in other words, we will all make the mistake of imagining something in our personal imaginations which will then conflict with someone else's imagination. You agree? So for generations, we have been satisfied. We satisfied ourselves believing that God is some kind of spiritual being that lives outside of our planet from where he controls earth. Is that roundabout correct? Cuz where does God live? From all that we showed you, all those pictures. I just showed you three pictures. Okay, you with me? There are thousands probably millions on the internet uh that that pictures of God. Okay. So, do you believe that God lives here in this air? Am I slapping him right now? Does he live inside us in the ground? above us in the clouds in space in another galaxy. Does it contain his spirit? How big is his spirit? How small is his spirit? H So for generations, so whatever you you think you come up with in your mind, that's what you're going to submit to. Right? Now, some of us believe he's this invisible spirit that he's so big. He's the creator of the universe. Certainly, he cannot live within our atmosphere. His home must be beyond the clouds. And we've got scriptures to say that. We do not comprehend the abstract reality of the word spirit. That's the reason why none of us can explain it because you can't comprehend it. We don't know what its essence is. We don't know what it looks like. We don't know what a spirit looks like. We cannot even imagine its reality. We believe it exists because we believe that, wait for it, that we have a spirit. And that this life inside our bodies is our spirit. How many of you here believe you have a spirit? You can raise your hands. Huh? Or what? Do you have some battery life source stuck in your kidney somewhere? Like, do you have a spirit? And then when you die and you breathe your last breath and the body dies and the spirit leaves and every one of you believes you have a spirit. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. So what does your spirit look like? Where does your spirit reside? There's no air inside there. I hope so. What's it? It's moving through your bloodstream. Where does your spirit live? in a cavity in your heart or in your brain. Where where IS THE SPIRIT? DESCRIBE IT. HOW DOES IT LEAVE YOUR BODY? IS YOUR THIS IS why the Jewish people came up with that ru the spirit is the breath. So what? Every time you breathe in and out, your spirit is like, huh? That's your spirit. Remember I told you why you say bless you when there's a sneeze. Chew. BECAUSE YOUR SPIRIT GOES OUT AND YOU'RE GOING TO SAY, "BLESS YOU BEFORE THE DEVIL CATCHES IT." Thank the Germans for that. That's the best thing they came up besides Mercedes-Benz. The closest we can do to understanding what a spirit is is something we call nature. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the closest thing in that God would therefore be the mysterious divine nature even though we cannot explain it. That's the only word we have that's closest right and we feel satisfied knowing at least that the spirit of something is the nature of it somehow. Are you with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; So we know there are so many places in the message where the proverb tells us that the soul is the nature of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Now here's that other word soul. Who knows what that is? So if you had to go into I don't know the dictionary or like most of us today maybe the internet and you searched up what spirit is. Don't do it now please listen to me. Or you or you look at soul and what soul is they tell you that soul is believed to be the eternal part of the human essence. And the spirit is kind of like the seat of emotions and desires and that kind of thing. Even that what does that mean? It's still abstract. It doesn't look like reality to us. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; IT SEEMS LIKE SOUL AND spirit are connected. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So how do we know this? Because you look at Moses' tabernacle, the outer court is one room. That's like the body with the the brass alt and the brazen labor. And then you go in and then there's one room with a veil. So the the spirit is like the inner court where the seven golden candlesticks, the table of showbread, the altar of incense, and you go behind the veil and there is the ark of the covenant with the shikina presence of God and that would be the soul, right? But then it's one room. If you remove the veil, the two rooms become one room. &gt;&gt; Soul and spirit are actually one. &gt;&gt; So the nature of the spirit is actually from the soul. And the spirit takes the nature and transmits the nature to the rest of the body. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Whatever nature is in there is what sanctifies the body. Whatever nature is in there is what makes what is sanctify to make holy to consecrate. In other words, the spirit takes the nature from the soul and makes the body work for the soul &gt;&gt; for the nature that governs it. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; that's how it works, right? So somehow the spirit is something that pulls from the source of the nature that is inside to make the body do what its nature defines. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So if you speak in a certain way, where's that coming from? The a nature that's been put inside. Right? If you speak like an intellectual person, it means you've been feeding your soul with intellectualism, with education. If you speak like a gangster, well, there's no mystery where you got your education from, right? Because you want to be cool. went to cap on backwards, your pants hanging down, socks with holes, pants with holes, t-shirts with all kinds of paraphernalia, hook here, ring there, tattoo this way, hair shaved off this side, and and and you stand next to someone who's a professor of, I don't know, philosophy, dressed in a three-piece suit, standing there with his checkered hat on and his bow tie. Two human beings, two different souls. The body's expression is what's inside the soul. &gt;&gt; The body is submitting to what nature is inside this. You take the same person and you change the nature in the soul and the entire body adapts. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; You take that same person with his pants hanging down, cap on backwards, smoking a cigarette, tattoos, all that stuff, rings here, poked there, speaking bad language, and bring him to Christ. His nature changes. His body falls in line &gt;&gt; because his spirit contacts the nature and transmits it to the body and the body then takes the identification of the nature that is inside. &gt;&gt; That's as much as we can understand and we know this because and all humans know this. Some people I know philosophers right now will say you know they'll come at me with all this education and philosophy and say no this is not what it is. This is what it can. We know this because we literally do this to children. I mean, you come out all baby goooo gaga knowing nothing. Mama, dada, you know nothing. We take you at 5 years old, stick you in a school and brainwash you every day and teach you and put you through the pain of holding a pen and teaching you to write. We inscribe it in your brain. We teach you education by association. We teach you the word cow and show you a picture. So we implant that picture in your head and the word in your head. And now when you say cow, you see it. How did we do it? We brainwashed you. We made you repeat it. We showed you place cards. Cow and is then for two. Mom, dad, fish, planting, planting, planting, planting. We put it into you. That's why you can speak. That's why we can communicate with you. That's why you can read books. And it doesn't stop there because then we send you to high school where we indoctrinate you and brainwash you even more. Then we send you to university and then after you get to WORK THEN THE JOB sends you somewhere. It doesn't stop till you old and retired and then you realize what in the world do I know about anything. H &gt;&gt; let's dump all that and go fishing. You should have went fishing at the start, man. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; A nature to us can only be defined as a set of characteristics or attributes that causes a being like you to behave in a certain way. Like you'll say that guy is a really honest person. That person is very aggressive. That guy is a liar. That guy is rude. That one is aggressive. That one is jealous. Why are you saying that? Because the way they're responding to life is identifying a certain nature that you know of. Right? So religions have taught us identifiable characteristics that define God according to them. The same way we identify humans. So if I ask you right now, can you describe the nature of God to me? And this is what religions have done. Humans have been made to believe that characteristics of God is being good, righteous, loving, kind, caring, wise, knowing all things, supernatural, and so much more. If you add judge, anger, they don't like that one. Judging the sin, they don't like that one, right? So God must be loving. Have you seen Christians today? bunch of wimps. God must be a love. God of love. He's so accepting. He must accept everybody. You can only don't even read the Bible. You just come in here with your hair colored purple and your shorts on backwards AND DO WHATEVER YOU FEEL LIKE. GOD IS A GOD OF LOVE. Come in. That's God. That's lies. We have been told that if something does not match those identifiable characterist and listen every church denomination has a certain set of characteristics that they say God is &gt;&gt; God loves worship. So you get these one, some churches, the whole service is just drums, bass guitars, singing songs, craziness because God loves worship. And then they read a psalm and preach for 15 minutes and they talk about politics and jokes. And that's the church service. All right, see you. Don't forget to buy something at our coffee shop on your way out. God bless you. See you next week. Don't forget to pay your tithe and your money and your offerings. We're good to go. WE'LL SEE YOU IN HEAVEN SOMEDAY. &gt;&gt; That's church today. It's a joke. And people cannot even listen to the word for 20 minutes. You say you believe in God but you can't hear his word. We have been told that if those identifiable characteristics if it doesn't match that it's not God. So every church, every religion has its idea of the identifiable characteristics. So we've what do we call it today? We call it godliness. Right? We have taught people that this is what God is. So we do this too. So you got people in the message. If you had the Holy Ghost, you wouldn't do that. If you had the Holy Ghost, you wouldn't talk like that. You wouldn't say this. You wouldn't act this way. You wouldn't really, you know, I just been through something this week. I just had a man who I don't know, he saw some Tik Tok video of me. And listen, I don't make the Tik Tok videos. I don't know who does. And they put these slogans on there which are not even my words like the one that was was there said uh it's it's a Tik Tok of me. They took it from a video and they put there that I said a prophet like no other. I didn't even say that. I was speaking about the prophet's ministry and I said his ministry was like no other prophet. And I explained that he went through two world wars and rock and roll and mass-produced drugs and alcohol. And then I came to the point where I said not even Jesus had to go through that. Guy told me I'm a blasphemer, right? And uh that I shouldn't even uh be doing I didn't even say what he's saying I was saying, right? But and then he told me um you're a good minister but you know you uh I don't see the spirit of Christ in you in the way you speak like you you shouldn't speak that way and mock somebody or laugh you know at the denominations like that. I said, "Uh, excuse me. If you heard Christ speak and if I had to speak like him, if I had to come out here and say, "Denominations, you are hypocrites. You are vipers. You are asked, you are snakes IN THE GRASS, YOU ARE OF YOUR FATHER, THE DEVIL. I have never even spoken like that." So, what's your idea of how Christ speaks? See, loving, kind, gentle, understanding, non-judgmental. That's God. God loves everyone. That already sounds to me like the CIA got a spotlight on me, you know, like uh uh brainwashing me for something. But then we found that evil people are able TO DISPLAY THESE CHARACTERISTICS AS WELL. AS ANY OTHER REGULAR PERSON, psychopaths can be very kind, loving, gentle until they kill you. &gt;&gt; If nature's was so easily discernable, then every person ought to with ease be able to tell what is the difference between God and the devil. &gt;&gt; Why? Why are more humans not able? There are people who worshiping God but don't realize they're worshiping the devil. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So unfortunately the truth is it's not that easily discernable anymore. It should have been but we've done things to ourselves that make it impossible for us to even discern good and evil. So what is the most Are you with me? What is the most explicitly identifiable characteristic about the spirit of God that we can identify can only be God truth? Some people say God is love because you see it in John. God is love and those who have love one another and so on. But even love is found in truth because love is perverted in today's world. You can pervert love into a whole lot of things. And even when they say God is love, what kind of love are you talking about? Because according to God's love, he'll chastise you when you're wrong. And when he chastises, chastises and gives you a weapon. Then you must accept it because you know that he loves you, right? Nobody wants that love, right? So the only identifiable characteristic that absolutely identifies the spirit of God is truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because in him is truth and is no lie. &gt;&gt; All right, let's quickly go through it. Are you ready? &gt;&gt; The spirit of truth. That's what we speaking about. Okay, here's scripture. In hope of eternal life, which God that cannot lie promised the world promised before the world began. Here's scripture telling you God cannot lie. That's his identifiable characteristic. Uh the second one, that by two immutable things in which it is impossible for God to lie, we might have a strong consolation who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us. It is impossible for God to lie. Agreed. uh John 14:17 even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive is is telling you the world does not even receive the spirit of truth the nature of truth &gt;&gt; because it seeth him not means it doesn't understand him it neither know but you know him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you &gt;&gt; we did that recently right last week with you and shall be in you. John 15:26, when the comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the father, even the spirit of truth which proceedth, it comes from God himself. THE HOLY SPIRIT, the spirit of truth, it it it COMES OUT FROM HIS VERY OWN NATURE. The Holy Spirit cannot speak a lie. The Holy Spirit cannot do something with people that produces a lie. The Holy Spirit cannot speak with tongues and that message is a lie. The Holy Spirit cannot preach a sermon and the sermon has a lie in it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh how be it when he the spirit of truth is come, he will guide you in all truth. This again speaking of the of the Holy Spirit. 1 John 4:6, we are of God. He that knoweth God heareth us. That means only those people who are also of God will be able to understand what we say and believe what we say. He that is not of God heareth not us. That's telling us he that is not of the truth cannot understand what we say. Hereby we know. THIS IS HOW WE KNOW THE SPIRIT OF TRUTH AND the spirit of error. Do you want you must take these scriptures, go back home and and study it out. Break it out. This is how we discern the spirit of truth and the spirit of error because we know if you are of God you will understand us. How? In in other words, let me say it this way. How do I know that you love me? This is how simple it is. Because when I tell you something, you believe me. That's the hardest thing to say. Remember I preached recently um well a few years ago to love someone means to believe in them. So if I tell you something and you look at me like nah I don't think so right like ah no I don't think you're telling me the truth. You don't believe me that proves you don't completely love me. You may have an idea of me. This is this is what marriage should be. This is what it should be between parents and children. Th this is what life should be where if you will truly love someone, you believe what they say. Like you don't have to I don't want to go back to that washing basket and the clothes, but go around and prove whether they told you the truth because FAITH MAKES YOU ACT ON WHAT YOU BELIEVE. See John 14:6 uh to 10 Jesus said unto him, I am the way. Jesus now is saying, I am the way, the truth, and the life. Right? God is the is the spirit of truth. Is that right? God is a spirit when he the spirit of truth has come. And now JESUS IS SAYING, "I AM the way. I am the truth. I am the life. No man comes to God but by me. You will not even get to worship God unless you come through me. What does that mean? That's his word. What does IT MEAN? YOU HAVE TO RECEIVE the truth. And how did he say you shall receive the truth? My word is truth. Right? If you have known me, you should have known God the Father. From henceforth we know him and have seen him. From now on, from now on, he's telling the disciples, you have known him and have seen him. Who was he talking about? Himself. Philip said unto him, Lord, show us the father. What happened to Philip? Did you just doze off just now? Right. Uh, show us the father, Lord, and suffice it. And Jesus said unto him, have I been with you so long and just and yet hast thou not known me, Philillip? He hath he that hath seen me hath seen the father. If you seen me, if you understood me, if you know me, THEN YOU KNOW GOD. HOW SAYEST THOU, SHOW US THE FATHER? Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? The words that I speak are not of myself, but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works. All right. So, I'm going to close this off quickly and get to the next part. So these are just a few scriptures saints among many that show us that if there is anything that can describe who God is today it is that word that fiveletter word truth which is so scarce today. Therefore who God really is to us in the world is the spirit of truth. Right Sunday school kids you listening truth. Remember sister Lena told you every time you want to do something there's that good voice and that naughty voice. Hey young people, you always know you don't need mommy, you don't need daddy, you don't need when there's your friend tells you to do something, there's a voice that's telling you I shouldn't do this and there's the other voice saying yeah do it MAN DO IT YOU WANT TO AND THE OTHER one is saying don't do it it's not right one is telling you truth the other one is telling you a lie and the spirit of God is truth truth. Okay, so here's the beauty part of this. Would we even have a word for truth if there were no lies introduced? &gt;&gt; Okay, so if there was no such thing as untruth or lies or error, we wouldn't even have to define truth. We would just know it and live with it and it's fine. Because this world is so overcome with lies and error. It is why truth has become so outstanding today. Okay. Now we're getting to the next part which is quite interesting. So before we get to that which is who is the devil. All right. It's amazing whenever I do this subject this is when people wake up. I went through God and some of them are yawning and tired. But when you talk about the devil it's like I need to know this. coffee, right? I'm just making light of it. I want you to get this before we go into this uh next part. This entire world right now is in a very sorry state. I I don't want to spend too much of time trying to describe how bad it is. Okay? Um, and I don't want to hurt anybody's feelings, but if you had to go to schools today and uh or anywhere, you are finding like at least 50% of any class with children whose parents are divorced or they hate their parents or they're having just troubles. Like you you cannot believe what little kids have to go through today. Uh going through life without parents, without uh fathers who care for the mothers and mothers who are cheating on the fathers or something. This is what life is becoming. And and the reason for everything from families to to children to societies breaking down into absolute evil is because there is no truth anymore being spoken. Right? And and and what is it? It is the devil. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, who is the devil? This is not the devil. See what we did back then? This is not the devil. This is also not the devil. &gt;&gt; The five star turned upside down has no power. Yes. &gt;&gt; I told you you can make it here on the floor with powder and put a goat's face in it and put candles in there. I'll go stand in there. It'll do nothing to me. I'll stand in there, jump around and sing happy birthday and it will do nothing to me. I'll stamp on it, spray water on it, laugh at it, shout at it, do anything. It'll do nothing. It's got zero power. It's not even evil. It's just a star turned upside down. It's only made evil because men have told you stories about it. &gt;&gt; EVEN A CROSS TURNED UPSIDE DOWN, it's just a cross. Whether it's right side up, sideways, or upside down, it's got no power. Even a cross standing the right way has no power. That whole idea of keeping off vampires, the wooden cross, turn upside down, you know, the spirits of demons in the night and a cross to show them THE CROSS AND HAVE THE BIBLE with a cross ON IT UNDER YOUR PILLOW. It'll keep give you good dreams. Lies, this fellow Baffomet, that's not Satan. That's not the devil. That's a legend which comes from the goat that was turned loose in the hills that carried all the sins. They sprinkled on him the blood and they let him off and the villagers one they would expect they send him off into the desert and hope the goat dies one day the goat comes back he survives somehow and there he comes back WITH ALL THE SINS THE devil baff poor goats I love goat milk and goat meat goat curry Indians good stuff it's not devil well you know he can give you a good kick once in a while, but that's about it. Why must the devil choose the head of a goat? Children, do not be afraid of this nonsense. &gt;&gt; Okay, this is nonsense. The same way they gave you the nonsense about God that we showed you in the beginning, this is all nonsense. You can keep a goat as a pet, okay? It's not a very good pet. He'll be climbing all your furniture and, you know, kicking things down. Okay, so the devil is definitely not Let's I don't know. Let's get him off the screen. The devil is not a green skinned or red-skinned creature with wings, right? And I don't I don't understand. If he lives under the ground, what's he doing with wings? Oh, he needs to fly into the universe somewhere and talk to God once in a while. So, he needs wings. He does not have horns and a tail. He does not have a three-pronged fork. He does not live under the ground IN MELTED BURNING LAVA AND ROCKS AND shouting waiting for you to come. He does not have powerful symbols like five-pointed star or I don't know all the ank or the Egyptian or the eye of Ral Osiris or whoever. He doesn't have all THAT. HE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT FALCONS AND DOGS AND CATS OF THE UNDERWORLD. These symbols only have power because people told you stories and gave power to it to control you. to control loving people and make others fear them. All right. So, who is Lucifer? That's where we want to get to. Firstly, let's understand this devil. You know, poor guy. We give him all the blame. Devil did this. Devil did this. You did it. But you say the devil did it. See, this is the problem I have with it. Christians offer often refer to the devil as Lucifer. Okay? And uh he was only called Lucifer in the book of Isaiah one time in the whole Bible. Christians as well as the prophet used the name Lucifer in the Bible because the parable is speaking of a heavenly being cast down to earth. So what was his name in heaven? Was his name really Lucifer? No, we don't even know. But he was an angel of God who worked for God according to all the legends. And he was not the devil then. So then he was cast down to earth and became the devil. I don't want to go through that whole story again, but you remember it. And there he lived for some time in a body of flesh with his fellow fallen angels. When his fellow angels began to destroy earth, God reconstructed the earth and came the days of creation and uh redid the earth because they made it without form and void. And this condition where they live now with because they lost their bodies and became spirits and now we call that hell. The existence they live in the fifth dimension is a spirit. A body without or a spirit and a soul without or a spirit without a body. Is that right? So Lucifer does not exist anymore by that name. Lucifer is not the real current understanding of the devil. If Lucifer was his real name, then it was his name when he was an angel and a respected angel, right? Angel of light and then fell because it means morning star. That doesn't really make him sound like a devil, DOES IT? AND THEN apparently he became Satan. And that name Lucifer now has no power at all, you know. Uh it's a it's a lie. I've I've seen many people in South Africa, many friends, they had a black cat, they named it Lucifer. They had a black dog, they named it Lucifer. Like, why would you even do that? I even had another friend who named his dog Satan. Humans, I tell you, we're the best. It's a lie to make us live in fear. That's what they want. That's why they they're doing this. It's like who would want to go to a house where the dog is named Satan or a cat for that? OKAY. SO, WHO IS SATAN THEN? The name Satan is actually a Chaldian Canaanitish word which means adversary or enemy. Right? But if you walk around in South Africa and you go to the CHURCHES HERE THAT SATAN I JOY YOU COME OUT OF HIM. SATAN SATAN THIS AND THAT. HM. He gave that word so much of power. It only means enemy, adversary, right? And it became adopted as his name by humans because he became the spirit of evil and became known as the enemy of man. So even today, if I tell you the same test we did in the beginning, close your eyes and tell me what the devil looks like, those pictures is what you'll come up with. You got nothing else. Right? And he became known as the enemy of man. Satan is the enemy of man. Okay? So the correct pronunciation of Satan is shan in the Chelian and and Middle Eastern languages, right? But where is the first time that the word Satan is mentioned in the Bible? It's in 1 Chronicles 21:1. Then it says, "And Satan stood up against Israel." How did Satan stand up against Israel? He provoked David to number Israel. So at first when you when you read and Satan stood up against Israel, what does that make you think? This devil standing up like that, right? And he's uh he's um showing himself to Israel and he's coming against them with some kind of force, right? That's what you're kind of imagining. But that's not what's happening. All Satan is doing here is a nature came into David to make him number the armies of Israel to make a head count of how many soldiers and chariots and horses he had. That was Satan. the spirit that came into David to make him trust in numbers. &gt;&gt; This wasn't some shadowy shadow creature rising over Israel and and something coming to David and coming into his dream and saying, "You need to number Israel." No, this is David being insecure somehow or his souls or pride coming up in him. And that in itself was an enemy of God, an enemy of faith to place your faith in numbers. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Some of you thinking, "No, no, no. Come on, brother Alistister." Okay, I'll show you another one. You remember when Christ was telling the disciples how that Christ has to be arrested and and uh crucified and killed and scourged. And you know the person who uh said to him, "No, Lord, we're never going to let you do that. We're that's never going to happen. We will protect you. We will prevent this from happening." That man was Peter, the one who in Matthew 16 just verses earlier said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." And Christ just told him, "Flesh and blood had not revealed this to you, but my father which is in heaven." That's Matthew 16:16-18. Now we go to the same chapter, verse 23. And Jesus said this to Peter. He turned and said unto Peter, "Get thee behind me, Satan. Thou art an offense. An offense mean a stumbling block to my purpose. For thou savorest not the things that be of God, but those that are be of the same man to whom flesh and blood had not revealed this great mystery of the Christ. Like a few verses later, Christ is saying to him, "Get thee behind me, Satan." You see, see what we've made of Satan &gt;&gt; and what it really is. Satan just means the adversary of God, the enemy of God's purpose. What was Peter trying to do with Peter's natural mentality? Lord, I don't want you to die. I don't want you to be crucified. I don't want them to arrest you. I don't want them to scourge you. But Christ is telling him, this is what must come of the son of man. And Peter in his heart wants to stop that. Meaning he was becoming adversarial to God's purpose. He was standing in the way of the son of man being crucified. And that's why Christ said to him, "Get behind me, Satan." Incredible, isn't it? &gt;&gt; So even by saying that, it does not mean that Peter was evil. It doesn't mean Peter was possessed of a devil. He just had the father reveal something to him. And we know it continues with Peter because then when they come to to arrest Christ, Peter pulls out his sword and cuts off Melchus's ear and fights trying to prevent them from arresting Christ. He should have just learned from this and stood back and said, "Well, it looks like it's time. We are believing. Lord, go. We'll follow you." That's what he should have said. And then Christ takes Melus's ear off the ground. What are you doing? Puts it back. heals his ear, right? Being adversarial to the word of God is a lot more complex than just being an evil person. In other words, Satan is a lot more subtle than you think. Doing something that goes against God's purpose is what really Satan is. So, how can we define the devil? Simply this, the devil is the spirit of lies, the father of lies, a lying spirit. That's what it is. As God is a spirit of truth, Sunday school kids, the devil is what? The spirit of lies. There's God and the devil that you can know today. So if God would be the spirit of truth, then only the only way the devil can be properly identified in his life. So in other words, this in the same way the devil is what the world teaches us, the devil is angry, he's hateful, he's jealous, he's envious, he's a fornicator, he's adulterous, he's a murderer, he's a liar, he's a this, he's a that. all those attributes. But you get the thief on the cross who did all those things and yet he was with Christ in paradise. You get people who have done a whole lot of these things. That doesn't make them the devil or possessed of the devil. They're doing bad things, but in their heart they are submitting to truth, right? You can have a lot of people who are submitting to truth and yet still getting involved in some of these things. So the spirit of lies and the father of lies. If we see who is the devil and this here in the um your in the Greek diabolos in the Greek false accuser or slanderer diabolos that's where the word devil comes from. Diavalos it's actually I think in their languages though it says be there they pronounce it as v. Diavalos right? They have a certain way they pronounce B like W diabolos, right? That's how you get devil. Devil. And what is the meaning of Diablo? False accuser, slanderer, young man. H Lamborghini Diablo. That car is a liar. False accuser. H Chad, you don't believe me? Yeah, it's going to kill you one day. &gt;&gt; Okay. False accuser. That's what devil actually means. It's a liar, right? John 8:43-44. Why do you understand not understand my speech even because you cannot hear my word? And then he's speaking to the Pharisees. You are of your father the devil. And then he identifies it. The lust of your father you will do. Lust will mean the desires. He was a murderer from the beginning and he abode. I love this. I love this. He abode not in the truth because there is no truth in him. &gt;&gt; When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own. In other words, he can't help it because it's his nature. &gt;&gt; For he is a liar. And the father of it means he's the source of it. Got it? So lies as was defined as the work of the devil. So you'll find this throughout the scripture. They call them the sons of Biel, right? False accusers or false witness. Like when Nabbath uh was killed, they brought two sons of Biel to lie about him so that Ahab could kill him and take the vineyard. They did the same thing with Christ, sons of Biel. In the Bible, they call that liars, right? So you can see this in the Bible when the word devil is used it means lying spirit. Sunday school what is a devil? A lying spirit. That's a devil. Not those other pictures. A lie. So if you are believing a lie, you are believing a devil. And why is it dangerous? Because when you believe a lie, it's going to make you act on it. And when you act on it, there are going to be consequences. There are going to be bad. Let's read a scripture. John 7 19 to 20. Did not Moses give you the law? This is Christ speaking and saying, "Yet none of you keepeth the law. Why go you about to kill me?" He already discerned their heart and knew they want to kill him. Listen what they say. The people answered and said, "Thou hast a devil. Who goest about to kill thee? What do they actually say? Stop lying. We're not going about to kill you. That's what they meant by saying, "Thou has the devil." It means you have a lying spirit. They're not telling him you have Satan. They're telling him you are lying. You are telling a lie. We don't want We don't want to kill you. Right? So, is the devil only Lucifer? No. But is Lucifer a devil? Yes. because Lucifer is a liar. Got it? So, he was the beginning of lies, the beginning of devils. Now, anything So, here it is, and we're going to get to this the next time we come and speak about the subject. Anything that tells lies, spreads lies, projects lie. Because when we lie, it pollutes our little spirit. It makes our spirit. And when you tell the first lie, you have to tell a second lie to cover up that lie. And then another lie to cover up that lie. And then it starts polluting your nature. And then you start getting that nature inside your soul. And from there on, you're only going to tell lies. Nobody's going to trust you again. Bad things are going to happen. People won't love you the way you should be loved because inside you are telling lies. But everyone that is honest and tells the truth and has integrity is someone everyone will trust and will have compassion on and will love that person. Are you with me? Anything. So I want you to go and look this week. All right? Everywhere in the world, everywhere you go this week, I want you to you young people look at the advertisements that you read. you older people, go look at the the medicine bottles that you that you look at on the shelves. Go look at the adverts they're showing you on YouTube. Go look at the stuff they put in the newspaper. Identify how many lies you read in one day. And then you're going to know why the world acts the way it is, &gt;&gt; right? Why we are getting sicker. Anything that tells lies, spread lies, projects lies is demonology. It's being manifested because there is a nature of deceit being imprinted into mankind and it comes from the beginner of lies. Knowing this or if you know this, if you know what is truth and you know what is lies, it makes it easier young people to identify the devil in your daily life. you'll be able to know. So, you should be able to know when you're sitting in university or in school and they're telling you something and is against the word of God. You have the right to write their answer in their exam, but you got to know your spirit cannot believe that because it's against truth. All right. In conclusion, who is God and who is the devil? Both are two spirits, two natures which are the major influence in our world today. We'll close with this quote. Now remember this Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of acts. But the book of revelation shows us how that the antichrist spirit would come, antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it. How does the antichrist defile the church? Making it lukewarm. So there's the consequences of what the antichrist would do. It would turn the church lukewarm, formal, and powerless. It exposes Satan, revealing his works, attempted destruction of God's people, and the discrediting of God's word right down to the time he is cast into the lake of fire. Now, HERE IT IS. HE FIGHTS THAT. WHO? The devil. He cannot stand that. He knows that if people get the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invincible army. If they get a true revelation of the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church and by God's spirit discern and withstand the antichrist spirit, Satan will be powerless before her. That means simply put if everything if the lies can be taken out there is no more adversary to God's true purpose for the church. &gt;&gt; Satan is the adversary. Right? So here's something as we close this down. There is actually a thing called the true church and the false church. AND THEY WERE INTERTWINED. WHAT is true church means that had truth. False church was operating by lies. BUT IT'S A CHURCH which means it's worshiping God. But it's a church. IT'S WORSHIPING GOD. IT'S FOLLOWING LIES, WHICH MEANS IT'S ACTUALLY SUBMITTING to the devil in the name of Jesus. Right? And who is the devil? He's a pretender and he leads by the spirit of lies. The true church is led by the spirit of truth. So Sunday school, who is God? The spirit of &gt;&gt; truth. Who is the devil? The spirit of lies. That's why. See, I'll tell you in my house, my kids can do wrong things. They can mess up. They can beat each other up. They can fight. They can get angry. But the one thing we stand on is do not lie to mommy and daddy. If you tell the truth, there's special things coming for you. Tell the truth. Even if it gets you in trouble, take the punishment, but always tell the truth. Because why? Mommy and daddy want to trust you. And someday when you're a teenager, we want to be able to trust you and say, "There you go. You can take the car. You can drive somewhere. You can go there with your friend. We can trust you because we know you tell the truth." But if you're always lying, always covering up, we can never fully trust you because everybody knows you're not telling the truth. So always tell the truth. Are you with us? &gt;&gt; Okay. So this is the real secret to all demonology in the world. Everything in this world operates by two things. Truth and openness or lies and deceit. Okay. Well, let's just end it there, right? This is the real secret to all demonology which we have covered in the series we did on demonology. What is it? Demonology starts with a lie. Then demonology takes its stand with lies. Which means after it starts with a lie, it builds a foundation of lies and then builds on the lie. And then the stronger the lie, the stronger the demonology. Right? The religion of Christianity today that created this idea of casting out devils from people without truth has become part of the demonology itself. Don't miss that. What I'm saying to you is today you've got Christians who want to run off and cast out devils from people. How? By Jesus name. Jesus name. Praying hands. Jesus name. You cannot cast out a lie without truth. YOU CAN SHOUT THE NAME OF Jesus as much as you want to. You can sing songs. So I'm going to without going into what I'm going to speak to in the next few services. You can go to a person. Let's say you have the misfortune of meeting a demon-possessed person. The idea that Christians have today is you need to call a team of people to cast out the devil. And how do they do it? By shouting the name of Jesus or holy water or crossing themselves. That itself is demonology. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm telling you. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; that in itself is using a making a greater lie. I can't tell you how many times I've seen those people sneering at them. Literally had in the Bible. Jesus, I know. Peter, I know. WHO ARE YOU? &gt;&gt; WHO are you? Right? The the very devil even asks that. So, here's the thing. Most of the people I have seen in my life which has been good few years from the time I'm a child demon-possessed people are afflicted people. They are depressed people. They have anxiety. They have fears. They have doubt. And how do they get to be this way? Something happened. Something happened to them. Something bad happened to them. They could have been abused. They could have witnessed the murder of a parent. They could have witnessed something that damaged them. There there's something in them that placed a lie inside that then manifested into a depression and anxiety and fear and doubt. So you can go there and shout Jesus. You can shout. You can sing songs. You can fast and pray. Unless you get to the foundation of the lie, it's only going to come back seven times stronger. &gt;&gt; That's the word. Which means that person you can have like a young person today. You messed up in your life. I don't know, you fornicated. You did something bad and you don't you don't want to confess it. You can't get it out. You're living with it. You're covering it up. That's stress, man. That's going to produce stress on you that you can't believe. You're hiding it away. You're you're And then you have to live your life like a pretense. That's stress. AND THAT'S WHAT produces anxiety and demonology. And then WHEN IF SOMEONE HAS TO ASK YOU ABOUT something or something is uncovered or something comes to light, then you have to create a bigger lie to cover that up. AND THAT WHAT THAT'S DOING is causing demonology to build on the previous lie. Eventually, the way it's going to come out is a whole lot of truth has to be explained and then you're going to answer for so much and only God can do that. Now, I'm not saying that you can't come under the anointing and they come and pray for you in the name of Jesus. And by faith, you take hold of their faith and you get released from the the the hold of the lie. All you've done is you've released them from the hold of the lie, but the lie still exists. That's your devil. That's what's going to lead. If you even live with that lie for even longer, you are it's going to cause you to even accept a wrong doctrine because the wrong doctrine is a perfect cover for that lie. This is how deep demonology goes. It always starts with a lie. It's not somebody put a spell on me. It's not witch doctors. It's not summas. It's not all those other. It's not something else that somebody preached a wrong doctrine. If somebody preached a wrong doctrine, why did you believe it? &gt;&gt; Because there was already a lie sitting in there that gave you the proclivity to believe a wrong doctrine to get into something. But if there is truth, if there is light, you are going to discern good and evil. If you have received uh the Holy SPIRIT IN THERE THAT UPS THAT'S WHAT YOUNG PEOPLE need to have. That's what people who come to GOD NEED TO HAVE. THAT'S WHAT REPENTANCE is about. REPENTANCE IS ABOUT FREEING YOURSELF of all the lies. Glory to God. If you know it is relief to live in the light. That's why I always tell people walk in the light. Like the word says let your yay be yay and your nay be nay. You never have to make promises or prove yourself to people if you just tell the truth. If you live in the light, walk in the truth. Amen. Now, here's something as we close this down. In John 8:44, he says, "The the devil abode not in the truth, neither is the truth in him." That's a profound statement because I want to ask it this way. There's so many important understandings and truths that we can get from there. My question to you in closing, can you abide in the truth? And can truth abide in you? That's what we need to go back and think on, right? Because in John 14:20, he says, "In that day, you shall know that I am in the father, the father is in me, and oh, I in you and you in me." Can you abide in the truth? Then can the truth abide in you? Can you hold the truth? Amen. We have to in this day sons of God seek for the truth. He also said that we must abide in his word and his word must abide in us and that the word itself is truth. Saints, this is our only God against demonology today. There's no crosses, no prayers, no chants, no special words, no special prayers, no St. Christopher or Martin or whoever, no Mary, no anything. There's no uh uh what do they call those things? Medallions and and and um talismen, nothing. If you are listening to those things, if you are keeping those things, they are lies. All you need is a spirit of truth. The spirit of truth dispels. The same way when you switch on the light, all darkness disappears. That's what truth does. &gt;&gt; It separates the dimensions. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Let's bow our heads. Amen. As we pray.
