################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-06 - Morally Gray Area - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-06
Title:    Morally Gray Area - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Testimonies
Duration: 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pE1Xo-1QjeE
========================================

Description:
This powerful message addresses the crisis of the "Morally Gray Area"—a zone where deception is normalized and truth is blended with falsehood to create a "comfortable" but destructive way of life.
This is an except from the sermon "Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P2" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jvlRU0HC3g

The Spectrum of Truth and Deception
The world no longer operates on a binary of truth versus lies. Instead, modern society has adopted a "gray" category of misleading behaviors and statements. While naturally "bad" people may live in total darkness, this message warns that good people and believers are the ones most stressed by trying to survive in this gray zone.
-----------------------------------------
00:00 – Defining the Morally Gray Area: Combining Truth and Lies
01:24 – The Intelligence and Information Overload of Modern Man
02:30 – How Liberalism Makes Truth Look Like "Extremism"
04:32 – Refusing to Play the Actor: Standing for Truth in Social Circles
08:25 – Scripture Reading: Proverbs 6:16-19 (What God Hates)
11:13 – Breaking Down the Proud Look and the Lying Tongue
15:56 – Intentions and Drama: Feet Swift to Mischief
20:00 – The Abomination: Sowing Discord and "Enticing Spirits"
23:44 – A Message to the Youth: Choosing the Church of Tomorrow
25:53 – Salvation as Healing from the Nature of Deception
30:30 – The Prophet’s Testimony: "I Came into the World a Liar"
34:00 – The Two Natures: The Voice of Truth vs. the Voice of Lies
41:55 – Identity: Finding Freedom in the Spirit of Truth
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
All right, I want to get to this next part which I've called the morally gray area. Deception has become the modern and chosen way of life. There used to be a clear boundary between truth and lies once, but that is no more. We no longer have just the two categories of truth and lies, but we have this morally comfortable gray category of misleading statements and behaviors that is not actually the truth, but just falls short of a lie. Right? So, if you look at this diagram I've I've put up for you on the screen, you'll see I've put the black part as lies and the white part is truth. And when you combine lies and truth together, you get this morally gray area. Okay? So this is uh where humans today find themselves living and actually more good people find themselves living in this morally gray area. You know naturally bad people don't care. They can live in absolute total lies. Now you are highly intelligent beings today as compared with people a thousand years ago. You are even more so intelligent than previous generations of the past just of the recent past. You have greater access to information good and bad information and uh the previous uh you know information that the previous generation did not have. You have the message. You have the Bible. You have you have it on your phones, your tablets, your PCs. You have Wikipedia. You have search engines of all kinds. You have social media. You have greater access to Bible commentaries. Uh the world of your generation has become so liberal, so free with sinfulness that it is literally making the word of God seem like an extreme. So it's like to tell you not to dress in a sexually seductive way looks like an extreme. But just 200 years ago, women were dressing covered up. You know, not even 200, like 100 years ago, they were dressing all over the world. It wasn't it it wasn't even called message standards. It just simply was. This is how you dress. Men never ran around in shorts. Uh you know, they worked in the fields without their shirts and so on. But just a few hundred years ago, society knew truth. Today, if you go to our Durban beachfront, you're going to find scores and scores of naked people, right? And uh people just doing unrighteous things. Illegitimate children are going to be conceived. It's just it's insane what's going on. And because of how this generation has become so liberal, the word which is truth looks extreme, right? And it has forced you because because of that you are being forced to live in this gray area. And this gray area you are calling normal. So that We're living in this place so we can be accepted in the world and accepted in the message. And that's what I'm finding with message people today. You're finding it so stressful, so hard. And you know, I could tell you so many things. How do I go to uh my family's weddings and you know, I got to fit in. How can I go to my cousins parties and still be a believer? Uh listen, nobody's asking you to go there and stand there and start shouting out the word and condemning them and you know saying thus said the Lord, you're all going to hell, you know, and nobody's asking you to do that. That's behaving like a crazy person, right? But you don't have to uh start participating in worldliness just to fit in. And and I I find today, you know, I I don't know, people call me grumpy. I don't mind. But this is one of the reasons I I'm not going to be a person who goes somewhere and be something I'm not. I'm not going to go to some family function and act like them just to to make them feel good. I want to stand for the truth. I want to I'll be there. I'll shake their hands. I'll congratulate them. you know, well done on your marriage or well done on turning whatever 21 or something, but if you're gonna play worldly music, I'm not going to dance to it. I'm sorry. This is not who I am. I'm going to sit there and watch you dance and do all your stuff and whatever and I'll enjoy the food and I'll greet you and I'll be uh, you know, courteous and loving and, you know, hug all the relatives and but I'm not going to get involved. I'm not going to stand there and listen to filthy sexy jokes and uh, immoral things. I'm not going to laugh at your uh um uh filthy words. I'm not going to act like it's okay with me. I'm not going to sit there while you curse and be vulgar and and make you feel happy that you know it's okay. I can deal with that. I'm a cool guy. No, I'm not going to do that. I'm going to be me. You be you. I be me. This is how it is. And um you don't care about making me feel uncomfortable. Why should I go out of my way to make you feel like you're like you're like I'm comfortable with what you're saying to me? No, I'm not going to do that. So, I'm going to end up looking like I'm grumpy. Well, right back at you, man. You look as grumpy as anything when I'm in your presence. So, you know, we're good. I don't really care. But my point is, people today living in this gray area, you do not realize how this is stressing you out because you're a child of God. Okay. So, I want to bring you to something uh a really astounding, astonishing scripture. Okay. And and I want to show you the difference between telling a lie um my I think I I must have missed this in my notes, but okay. Here's the difference between telling a lie and living by the truth. He that workketh deceit shall not dwell uh within my house. He that tellth lies shall not tarry in my sight. Right? So this is incredible. Uh uh he that workketh deceit shall not dwell. This is literally telling you that manipulation uh is going to cause you to actually leave the Lord's house. But the person that tells lies won't last, it's literally telling you if you live in a gray in that gray area, if you live in lies, if you live in this morally gray zone, you're not going to last long. You have to eventually move out of there into the light or else you will leave because it's going to get too pressurizing for you. Right? So, we need to really think about the saints. Now, I want I want us to focus on what salvation is really all about. Okay? And this is what's going to be uh so important to us. And I'll get to that a little later, but I want to uh it looks like I didn't put this here in my notes, but I want to share something with you uh to show you what what God really hates. And this is in Proverbsap 6-19. Um, so I'm just going to go to the message, share the screen. Okay. Hope you can see that. Proverbs 6 verse 16 to 19. So, this is an amazing scripture and I want you to to notice what the Lord speaks here. It's just something you need to read um uh in with your families uh even at family altar. um you know it's something you can discuss together. I think it's something really amazing that all people uh in the message should really look at these six things doth the Lord hate. Yay seven are an abomination unto him. So watch this. Th this is the only place in scripture where you get a ver a portion of scripture telling you what God what the spirit of truth hates. Right? There are six things he hates. But when you get the seventh, it becomes disgusting. An abomination means something disgusting, distasteful. All right, listen young people. A proud look number one. A lying tongue. Number two, hands that shed innocent blood. Number three, a heart that devises wicked imaginations. Right. Uh number four. Number five, feet that be swift in running to mischief. Number six, uh a false witness that speaketh lies, and he that sweth discord among brethren. Right. Number six. So, and number seven. So, the way God puts it is the the word puts it is there are these six things that he hates and you're you're you're even okay there. But when you get to the seventh, it's just disgusting. It's an abomination to God. Right? So, number one, a proud look. Number two, a lying tongue. Number three, hands that shed innocent blood. Number four, a heart that devises wicked imaginations. Number five, feet that that are swift in running to mischief. Number six, a false witness that speaketh lies. And number seven, which is the abomination, he that sweth discord among brethren. Where else will you find in the scripture a place where God defines something he hates? Right? This is how simple it is. So, how does God feel about you living in a gray area? Right? So, I want to explain something to you and I want you to uh to look at these things. So, let's look at a proud look, right? What is that? Okay. So, and this is where you need to look at h who you are really and what your nature slowly becomes. Nothing that the world produces in this world gives you humility. It's not how you dress. It's not how you do your hair. It's how you project your spirit. You cannot let others see your mistakes to protect your image, your status in your social circles. You are every all those personalities you create is because of pride. Because it's it's given you a proud look. I've got to portray myself in a certain way to gain something, right? God hates that. God hates a proud look. I'm not saying you must walk around looking like a hobo. Okay, be attractive. Be but be yourself. Don't hide behind a mask. Be yourself. Right. The second is a lying tongue. And and you've come to this place where you can no longer be completely honest with people. Not with parents, not with family, not with friends, not with the world. Everything you share with every person you live with is a halftruth. It's a lie. Even the songs of worship that we sing is a gray area because we sing things we don't even mean. Even our prayers are a gray area. When you get to a place when you're even praying to God and you're using words thinking you are manipulating the spirit of God, just wake up, pinch yourself, knock yourself on the head with something and AND ASK YOURSELF, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING RIGHT NOW? What are you saying to the spirit of God right now? when you're in church and you're trying to use great words to to influence people or to make yourself look like something or you're you're somebody they ask you to open in prayer and you're trying to be something you're not or you're trying to bring in some kind of charisma, just knock yourself in the eye or something and AND ASK YOURSELF, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? WHAT are you doing? Why can you not just be yourself and speak to God? Talk to him. Drop everything else away. No manipulation, no deceit, no trying to be something in front of people, no trying to be any extra spiritual kind of person. Just talk to him in truth. This is a lying tongue. Nobody's nobody's saying you're you're you're, you know, telling lies all the time. This is what's what's what's been happening. It's a it's a tongue that is just not uh uh uh conducive anymore to to speaking the truth, to being honest with people. Hands that shed innocent blood. You're going to say, "Brother L, I don't I don't kill people. I don't murder people." Listen, because of what you are groomed to be. You have been groomed to be selfish. you are. So because you've you've taken on the mentality and the the lifestyle of being selfish, you your first reaction if someone comes against you is to cut them down to protect your own interest. You're going to cut them down. You your first thing is defensiveness and then attack. Oh, but I'm telling you this because you did this, but you also and you did this and you did this last and I'm going to tell them and I'm going to do that's shedding innocent blood. You become so desensitized. So, you don't care what you do with your life that causes other people to make mistakes or even backslide. You're going to do things to damage the lives of other people. That's shedding innocent blood and God hates it. How about a heart that devises wicked imaginations? I don't do that, brother Al. Because you know you put yourself first, you suspect others of being the same. So you believe everybody doesn't have good intentions and so why should I? And you develop a suspicious nature. So therefore, you get offended so easily. So whenever somebody's while they're talking to you, your mind is already thinking, how can I be cleverer? How can I be better? How can I manipulate this? How can I dominate this? Right? What's the point of it all, saints? Number five, feet that are swift in running to mischief. You say, "I don't do that, you know. I don't I'm not that kind of person." What are feet in the Bible? In the Bible, feet are a symbol of intentions, right? Having a nature that is addicted to drama and negativity, gossip. Listen, all of this comes from the realm of lies, which is fifth dimension, which is the devil. A desire to always cause a situation and encourage incitement of indifference. Always running to mischief is using your words, using your phone, using your text just to create drama, to be a part of the drama, to be a part of the gossip, to be a part of something that brings down somebody else. Just not living in the light. That's feet that run to mischief. God hates it. Number six, false witness that speaketh lies. That is like using you use your your feigned innocence and a victim-like nature to cause ill to come upon other people. You know, a false witness in the Bible is one of the commandments. Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor. Somebody calls you and asks you about somebody, your brother, your sister. Tell the truth. Just tell the truth. That's all. and tell your brothers and sisters, I'm going to tell the truth. Some of this is going to get us into trouble. Some of this is going to get you in trouble, more you than me, or more me than you. But tell the truth. Don't be a false witness. There's nothing good going to come out of because when they find out you're a liar, the the retribution or rather the condemnation is going to be double. It's going to be worse. You rather tell the truth, be accountable for what happened, pay the price, and live in peace thereafter. Right? A false witness and bearing false witness against that's the worst thing you can do. I tell you to to go and and speak lies about your brother and sister in Christ. That's that's like that that is Judas. That is bearing false witness. Okay? And then you get to this. This is not even false witness. So So what are we what is all this about? This is all about the realm of lies, right? You you've been if you've been thinking the devil is some scaly creature with a tail and a fork and you know living under the ground amongst lava pits and no saints. This is what's right among us. This is the devil. This is the devil that's not being preached about in churches. This is the devil that's not being targeted in your daily life. Yeah. You know what? You can all fuss and fight and argue about the coming of the Lord and the seventh seal being open and the open book and you know whether he's coming in a corporal body or he's not or you whether the resurrected saint wonderful. Oh, you look so great. You know all the quotes. You can put all the doctrines together. But lies are all around you in your mouth, in your life with your family, in the way you dress, in the person you are at work, person you are at school. It's it's swirling around you. It's in your essence. It's in your thoughts. And yet you can quote the message to your heart's content. You can be among the people who discuss doctrines and fight against ministries and fight against min and correct this one. Correct that one. But your lives are surrounded by propaganda, advertisement, and darkness. And you don't realize you've been more accustomed to living with fifthdimensional influence rather than the seventh dimension. The seventh part here, he says, is he that sweth discord among brethren. This is the part if you study all this, you take these this one these few scriptures I showed you and apply that into the message demonology, you come to enticing spirits. And brother Madam said, he that saw a discord among brethren said that's sulfuric acid in the church. That's enticing spirits. What is this? You make others look bad to make yourself look good and speak against other people in the church, other brothers, other ministers and speak against them and why uh against people in the church and why it's it's not for you, right? So you want them to look bad so that you can look good and then you're actually messing up the relationship between that brother and that brother or that sister and that sister. You are sewing a seed of discord between them and secretly you want e both of them to be on your side. You're literally playing a game with people's lives where you're pitting them against each other while keeping good relations with both of them. That is disgusting in the sight of God. This to me is everyone's picking on dressing and uh you know the way people their hair is done or how high their heels are, how long their skirts are or what their face looks like or whether they go and do this or whether they they listen to this music or how lively they are in their church or how quiet they are. All of this stuff. But when you live like this, a person who pits two people against one another while you are maintaining good relations with them, this is an abomination to the Lord. This is disgusting to his nature, to his nature of truth. Can you honestly say this behavior is influenced by the spirit of truth? When you read all that, we want to see that it's God, the spirit of truth that condemns this behavior and not even the message. You young people can fight and and fuss against the message. It's not even the message. It and by that I'm just trying to point out to me the message is the Bible and the Bible is the message. It's all the message. I don't I don't see any difference. But I'm I'm trying to tell you because you're still developing and if you'll get upset with the prophet and what he says, well, how can you argue with those scriptures from Proverbs 16? What are you going to say then? Right? You may blame the message all you want. Uh it's too strict. It's caging me. And look at the reality of what is happening. I just want to say it this way. You need to to understand God hates pretense. God hates deceitfulness. It's not in his nature. The nature of God is truth. It's not deceitfulness. It's not pretense. We don't go to church and become actors, good actors. You say, "This is me, Lord. You know, this is who I am." You don't say, "This is me. Deal with it." Right? Let's see if you can deal with it. Right? you young people. Brother Al is not going to be around forever. If God carries for a while, there's going to be a church of tomorrow. Who will you choose to be your pastors? Your deacons, your song leaders, your musicians. What on what basis are you going to choose these people? Will you meet the conditions to lead? Will young men find girls who are not master manipulators to be pastors, wives, deacons wives, trustees wives? Young ladies, will you find men who are just players? Are they going to be the leaders of your churches? Do you even care whether there will be a church once all your elders have died off? What are you going to do? You have to make a decision now. Are you content to just stay along this path that you're on hoping for the best or are you desiring to make a change today? The difference between telling a lie and living a lie is [clears throat] we we don't want you to go away thinking this is easy. I just won't tell lies anymore and I'm and I'm good. No. Telling a lie is one thing. Living the lie is the same as telling a lie. You may be living by the way Hollywood defines something, the way the world defines something, the way uh the the internet defines something. And if you are living by that way, you are as good as telling a lie. That's ultimately what you're doing. You're manifesting something that is not the truth. It's not of God, right? And you will not last in his house. If you feel comfortable in the gray area, he that tells lies shall not tarry in my sight. You will not last long. Okay. So, we come to what is salvation about saints? And we're going to bring this to a close now. Salvation has become a thing that we understand from the Pentecostal point of view. That's what's been fed to us. The way they teach it to you is just another lie of the devil. Okay. The word salvation comes from the word salva. Sodzo, ointment, to heal. So what are you being healed of? Now you can define it. What am I being healed of? Some of you, this is why I I I wanted I felt in my heart to share all this with you and with young people. A lot of this we did with you in a in a youth meeting many years ago long before co um because some of you want to get baptized which we will be doing in in the coming year the earlier um in January. And I want you to think about this. Some of you born in the message, you haven't really done anything wrong. You haven't maybe you haven't smoked, drank, done drugs, fornicated. You haven't done that. And then you're going to be asked to repent and uh submit yourself to God and to the word. And you don't realize that salvation is healing from the spirit of lies. And that we come into this world speaking lies. And most of us think I don't speak lies. I always try to tell the truth. No. Speaking lies is living deceptively. Living manipulatively. Right? And you some of you will be listening to this saying, "Brother L, how how do we ever get out of that? This is too hard for us to bear." No, it's not. You just submit yourself to truth. Submit yourself to the word. Fall in love with the word. And he takes care of that. We are every day being saved. Salvation is a constant process of being healed from the effect of lies and deceit. This is your real enemy. I'm not telling you anything that's not the message. Brother Brandham says, "I come to realize my greatest enemy is William Brandham." What does he mean by that? Right? This is the truth that we are telling you. All the scriptures on truth and lies tells us that our sin is not really literal wrongs, wrong things that we did. We can give up doing wrong things. It's actually easier, right? What we never give up easy is living by the spirit of lies. That's actually what our sin, doubt, and unbelief is. You can give up smoking. You can't give up the desire for smoking that easy. You can give up dressing weird. But the desire is very hard too. This is why Christ focuses in and says, "You say you didn't kill, but you got angry with your brother without a cause. You have killed." See? So that's what we actually need salvation from. We need salvation from the nature of lies. We we say we are born again. We say I'm starting to uh to to my spirit of an infant from scratch. I'm starting from scratch. I'm I'm following the truth for my day. That's what we are saying. That's what being born again is. I my my spirit is being born again. I'm I'm bringing it back away from lies. I'm bringing it to truth. I'm subjecting it under truth. I'm putting it under the light of his word. I want to try and live in the light. That's what we're saying. That's what when you come to be baptized, that's what I want. Every day after I'm baptized, young person, you should be desiring. I want to know the word. I want to know the word more than before. I want to live in that word. I want to study it. I want to be in church. I want to fellowship in it. That's what I want. That's what your desire ought to be. That's more than just a Pentecostal experience of shouting and screaming and speaking with tongues and prophesying and having dreams. That's what we want to see coming from people. Amen. Uh let's read this this quote. Um there just two quotes here I think before we close. Yeah. So what is salvation all about? What happens when I'm born again? Right? Spoken word is the original seed. Paragraph 122. The prophet is saying, "Then except you be except a man be born again, why must he be born again? He's dead. The flesh he's in. He is he's hybrid. He's got to be born again. Why? Why? He was born in sin from Eve sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. He's a liar to begin with." Listen, the prophet is not saying you're a you're an adulterer. You're a you're a smoker. You're a drinker. You come into the world speaking li. Your first issue is lies. He's a liar to begin with. No matter how smart, educated, what more he is, he's a liar. Spoken word is your original seed. Uh I think that should have been Oh, communion. Oh, we still we're still reading on. Sorry. The Bible says he is he's a liar, right? How holy his parents was or anything about it, he's a liar to begin with. That's pretty flat. In other words, brother is saying that's the brutal truth, right? Like Christ is saying you're a dog. But that's what God said. Uh-huh. Let every man's word be a lie and mine be true. anything that comes from his lips contrary to deny his word or put it in some other race or some other generation or whatever it is it is he's a liar. Okay. The message communion paragraph 44 45 I was saying this taking for myself like you was going to say William Brandham well 40 years ago the William Brandom it isn't the same one tonight. If somebody back there could si would say William Brham he was a rank rascal see because I was born of Charles and Ella Brham in their nature I was a sinner I came to the world a liar and all the habits of the world laid right in me there saints here's the prophet telling you exactly what we've been telling you all this time today right I came all the habits of the world laid in me see I just broke that statement given down to you practically so you understood that you were groomed by lies that becomes a part of you cuz you're living in this world right I'm I haven't been telling you psychology or anything other than breaking down the one statement there brother Maram is saying all the habits of the world laid right in me I came to the world a liar but down in there too glory to God was another nature presence See predestinated was in there by God in the same body. See two natures in there. Well, I only catered to one. As it growed, I good as a baby. Da da. First thing you know, I become a liar. Become everything else that's a sinner. Because I raised up that way. But down in there was a speck of life all the time. Glory to God. Saints, there's our hope. This is the truth, right? Being a believer, there is a gene seed in your soul, young people, that has been laying there dormant for many years. It is that sense inside of you. That's what we were telling the the little children at Sunday school. There's these two voices. See again we're telling you brother Madam is telling there are two natures inside of you and and one is tending to truth one is tending to lies and you've got whenever you're in a situation you are presented there are those two voices present and it is that inside you even though you were brought up in this world of lies there's a sense inside you that warned you every time you lied and and there's that sense that makes you feel bad about it. Even though you go and you tell your friends, I told them this and I did that, but inside you something is saying you're not a good person. What you did there was not right. Some that that little something, a little voice inside is telling you you shouldn't have done that. And if you didn't have it, you wouldn't feel bad about it. But because you have it, you know there's something inside there. There's some presence of God inside, some spirit of truth inside that's telling you, "You shouldn't have done that. You need to make this right." When you are born again is when the spirit of truth begins to grow in you. That little gene seed, that little speck of life starts to grow. And the more the truth grows, the more it's going to challenge you, the more it's going to convict you, the more it's going to make you change and break away from all those habits that's been laid in you. Like the prophet said, the spirit is constantly forcing you to be honest with your feelings, your intentions. And after years, it causes you to become so honest about everything because it makes it makes you a true worshipper. It makes you stand in church, close your eyes, forget about people around you. Right now, young people, you don't want to do that. You don't want to say amen. You don't want to raise your hands. You don't want to close your eyes and look a mess. You you want to protect an image. You want to protect something. You want to not look foolish. You want to not look like like uh somebody might criticize me for what I'm what I'm doing. You're trying to protect something. You're just succumbing to that nature. But one of these days, you're going to break out of that and you're going to raise your hand. You're going to say amen to the word. You're going to be somebody who's going to agree in your spirit and it's going to show out. You're going to break out crying and say, "Thank you, Lord, for speaking to me today. You you're going to you're going to become a worshipper one day that's going to just stand in God's presence and feel the rain of his Holy Spirit touching you and and falling down upon you and just going to raise your hand and say, "Praise be to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You are worthy to be praised." You are going to be that person and you're going to break free and you're going to know that you're free. That's because that little gene seed inside is growing and growing and it only grows because of truth. Because truth is presenting itself to you and filling you with light and all darkness is disappearing. Praise be to God. This spirit is constantly forcing you to be honest with your feelings. And it's going to cause you to become so honest about everything because it makes you realize there is only one way that man should live and that is by the truth. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. You don't have time anymore, young people. Why? Why are we speaking to you this way in this time? You just simply do not have time anymore. Um I had more time when I was growing up as a teenager. Um because the world was not as liberal around me. Uh not as free with sinfulness. But you will be deformed by lies much faster than I would have ever been in my day as a teenager. And even uh well my parents day I don't know they they had Woodstock and rock music and things like that and [laughter] I I didn't even live in that kind of time. So, um, I I did this before. As a quick comparison, when I was a child, if I had to go and watch a movie, I had to sneak into my neighbor's house to go watch a movie and and lie to my dad or something and go watch He-Man and the Masters of the Universe or something or, you know, whatever it was. Uh, and then come back and lie about it or or or either tell them the truth and, you know, and and and get a reprimanding or something. But you you can do I don't know I cannot even count how many movies you can do in less than one week or in one day. Uh where I would probably if I could sneak into my friend's house and try to watch a movie once a year when I was growing up as a teenager. Now, why am I telling you this is because all all of the movies that you watch, all that you consume on the internet today, don't don't kid yourself. It's so filled with lies and deception and manipulation and you don't realize how it's hurting your little fragile spirit and soul. Don't kid Don't kid yourself. Don't you go you go and watch all these stuff and don't think it's not affecting you. It's affecting you. I can see it affecting it's affecting your speech. It's affecting how you read the Bible, how you interpret the message, how your reactions with with people, your your the way you conduct yourself at work, the way you conduct yourself at school. I can see it. It's there. It's evident. It's affecting you. It's infiltrating you. It's making you become something that you're observing. your manner of speech, your your your actions, your manners toward other people, it's affecting you and you don't realize you're breeding it now. It's not even your parents and other people as much as what you are consuming. This is why I'm saying I I feel so bad for you and I feel terrified for you because I didn't grow up this with with what you are growing up with today and that the times have changed so much that you just don't have a chance. You don't have time to catch up after you've already been so badly bombarded and and damaged by what this world is throwing at you 24/7. Right? So, in closing, I want to I want to let you see why we are in the message. I'm not some duped, brainwashed fool. I'm not here doing this because I get I get something out of it, as in there's something that I gain. No, more than likely more people are going to hate me for what I'm what I say. More than likely more people are going to disregard and it's going to happen. Putting myself out on YouTube and stuff like that. Once the world gets hold of of this, once there are people out there in the world who get a hold of our videos and then you're going to see it start. They're going to start labeling me a brandomite, a cult. Uh you're going to see it's going to happen. So far, it's just been message believers disagreeing with me. But once it's it starts to get to the public, it's just going to be an onslaught. You're going to see that I'm not going to get anything out of this. I'm going to get more rejection, more uh uh uh and and I don't care. And it's not about me cuz I know they're rejecting God's word. They're rejecting the truth. But the message brings the wisdom of truth to mankind. You are not going to find truth like this anywhere else in the world. You are not going to find truth outside of the Bible and the message of the hour. The spirit of lies deforms the nature of man, but the spirit of truth builds him up again. The spirit of truth heals the nature of man. The spirit of truth sets you free, but the spirit of lies deforms you. The more you follow the internet, the more you follow Hollywood, the more you follow all the worldly stuff that comes out, the more multi-personality disorder it's going to produce, the more you are going to be somebody else to your parents, somebody else to your siblings, somebody else to your boss, somebody else to your friends, somebody else to your people at church. You are going to have all these people and then you look in the mirror one day and you don't know who to be. You don't know who to choose from. Who am I really from all these people that I portray? Whereas when you take his word, you eat the book, you become him. When you become him, that's an identity. That's one identity. That's one identity you want to be. That's one identity you can live by. That's one identity that gives you a happy marriage. your children who respect you. People who are real friends with you. A boss who can respect you as someone who tells the truth and you and doesn't want to manipulate you, doesn't need to manipulate you. Friends who know they can always count on you. People who know they can always come to you, who you will always tell the truth and you will not manipulate them. You become a savior of the world. You become someone who passes on the bomb and Gilead who who is salvation to other people. That is an identity that somebody can recognize. He is different. She is different to the rest of the world.
