################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-04 - The Throne of God P7 The Inner Court P1 - The Table of Shewbread-Bread of the Presence - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-04
Title:    The Throne of God P7 | The Inner Court P1 - The Table of Shewbread-"Bread of the Presence"
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Communion Service
Duration: 1h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZDmozJ9mB0
========================================

Description:
In this session, we transition from the Most Holy Place into the Inner Court (also known as the Holy Place or the Sanctuary). We focus on the first piece of furniture encountered here: The Table of Showbread. This table represents an invitation to intimate, face-to-face fellowship with the Word of God.

Key Highlights in This Teaching:
The Architecture of Fellowship: Like the Ark, the table is made of Shittim (Acacia) wood and Pure Gold, representing humanity perfectly covered by deity. The "crown" of gold on top focuses the eye on the bread, showing that the Word is the highest priority.

A "Pure Table" vs. Corrupt Tables: In the spirit realm, a table represents conversation and negotiation. A "pure table" (2 Chronicles 13:11) is one free of hidden agendas, politics, and worldly gossip, dedicated solely to the Word.

Panim: The Bread of the Presence: The Hebrew word for Showbread is Panim, which literally means "faces." It symbolizes a face-to-face communion with God that happens in the spirit (Inner Court) even while we are still in these bodies.

The Characteristics of the Bread:
Baked with Leaven: Representing the written Word (the Bible), which is subject to human interpretation and can be "corrupted" if not handled correctly.
Half-Baked: The written Word is "incomplete" until it lays in the Shekinah Glory of the presence of God to be fully ripened and revealed.
Broken, Not Cut: Human intellect tries to "slice" the Word evenly and logically, but the Spirit breaks the bread, giving each person exactly what they need in the moment.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
00:00 – Greeting and Series Introduction to the Inner Court
01:02 – Scripture Reading: Hebrews 9:1-4 (The Sanctuary furniture)
04:48 – Construction: Acacia Wood, Pure Gold, and the Golden Crown
08:51 – "Before Me Always": The Requirement for Continual Bread
10:48 – Psalm 23:5: The Table Prepared in the Presence of Enemies
15:18 – The Table as an Opportunity for...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God bless you brothers and sisters in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Great to be sharing the word of the Lord with you once again and um we're getting into this beautiful subject on the throne of God part seven and we're getting into the inner court part one. Uh, and the first thing we're going to look at in the inner court is the table of showbread. Spelled S H E W Shu bread, but it's pronounced showbread. The table of showbread. And for a title, bread of the presence. Bread of the presence. Now, let's begin with our scripture reading from Hebrews 9:1-4. We've read the scripture before. uh Hebrews 9:1-4 this is Paul speaking then verily the first covenant and had also ordinances of divine service and a worldly sanctuary for there was a tabernacle made the first wherein was the candlestick and the table and the showbread which is called the sanctuary. So that's saying the first um the the first tabernacle made was that inner court the first wherein was the candlestick the table and the showbread which is called the sanctuary. So that area in a veil uh that uh inner court is called the sanctuary. And after the second veil, the tabernacle, verse three, after the second veil, tabernacle, which is called the holiest of all, which had the golden sensor and the ark of the covenant, overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had mana, and Aaron's rod that budded and the tables of the covenant. So we're going to take one more scripture 2 Chronicles 13 11 and this is speaking of Solomon's temple which is patented after this one. Verse 11 says and they burn unto the Lord every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense. the showbread also set there in order upon the pure table and the candlestick of gold with the lamps thereof to burn every evening for we keep the charge of the Lord our God but you have forsaken him all right so that's 2 Chronicles 13 11 the first scripture Hebrews 9:1-4 shows us the differentiation between the most holy place and the tabernacle of the congregation or the inner court as it's very commonly referred to as. It also gives us a clear indication of the furniture in the inner court. In other words, some of the items that are inside, but it it speaks specifically of the candlestick and the table and the showbread. All right. There is one thing that it doesn't speak of there which is the altar of incense but we'll pick that up a lot later uh in a different segment. Now we want to speak particularly on the table of showbread. We've just finished about four sessions on the most holy place and we looked at specifically things that concern the most holy place. the furniture that is inside, the conditions surrounding it, the functioning of it, and um towards the end of the series, we're going to bring all of these things together and um sort of summarize them in a way that's going to make these things a lot more personal to us. So, I trust that the Holy Spirit would give you some kind of uh heading as to where we're going with all this. So the table of showbread let's go to Exodus 25 23-30 and uh let's have a look at how this uh table is constructed and the things surrounding what it's made and we'll look at some of the laws surrounding it. But um it's so beautiful when we see um how the so types in with the true tabernacle of God, the throne of God and so on. Uh there's some beautiful beautiful types in there and that's what I'd like to share with you in the session. So Exodus 25 23-30. Thou shalt also make a table of chitim wood. Two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof, and thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a crown of gold roundout. And thou shalt make unto it a border of enhand breath roundout, and thou shalt make a golden crown to the border thereof roundout. Verse 26. And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold, and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof. Over against the border shall the rings be for places of the staves to bear the table. And thou shalt make the staves of shitim wood, and overlay them with gold, and the table may be born with them. And thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and the bowls thereof, to cover with all, of pure gold shalt thou make them. And thou shalt set upon the table showbread before me always. Amen. Now notice, just like the ark, this table is made of the same simple common acacia wood and overlaid with pure gold. So not laboring the subject, but you'll remember from before acia wood is like common humanity and gold is a is a type of deity, symbolic of deity. So it's like humanity covered with deity. In other words, literally making the the flesh become word. The flesh become God. So notice also like all foursided furniture, the crown of gold or an elevated edge created around the perimeter of the top just like the ark. crown of gold draws a focus to the head and what is contained on or in it. So if you and I made a table, we take a flat piece of board and then attach four legs to it at the corners. So what God instructed was make that flat piece of board, attach the four legs, but then on top of that board make another layer which he called the crown. And that would be the actual table upon which um everything would be placed. That crown would be an extra piece that fitted on top of the of the table and it had kind of like um uh a pieces that were overlapping or sticking out. So, it wasn't just a flat piece of board matching the dimensions of the legs and so on. It was a very decorative piece that fitted on top of the table. So in other words, it it it was as if you had like a like a like another mercy seat sitting on top of uh a table of exactly the same dimensions. I hope you can understand that. So notice all the extra fixings, everything, the the the the dishes, the bowls, the spoons, uh the rings, they were all made of pure gold, right? and upon the table within the crown of gold. So on the inside of this this uh other crown that sat upon this table was the showbread. Okay. Now that phrase showbread before me always this can be written as showbread continually. In other words, you will set before me on the table showbread continually. In other words, you will always have showbread before me. That in other words, that table must always have showbread on it at all times. So, if you were going to come in and remove the old showbread, you had to have new showbread to replace it. That's basically what the priest had to do. So we shall soon understand the meaning and purpose of the showbread in the inner court. That's our purpose for this session and that's what we hope to achieve. So the purpose of the table was just to hold the showbread and to draw attention. The whole the crown on top of that table uh made someone focus on the showbread. If you had to look at it, it draws attention to the showbread. This shows that the showbread was actually of greater importance than the table itself. But we want to talk about the table first and then we'll get to the showbread. So [clears throat] the pure table, I want to call it that because that's what Solomon said in 2 Chronicles 13:11. He said the showbread set they in order upon the pure table. Now table doesn't seem to have much significance to us today except a table to us is something to eat at or write at or to decorate with ornaments you know like a desk or something. In the old days table had a much greater significance. Let's take Psalm 23 and verse 5. How often have we read the psalm, recited the psalm, prayed, sang this particular verse, verse 5, thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runth over. In this statement, you can see the table being used with the word presence. Again, remember our subject is the bread of the presence. Now a table being prepared in the old times means an opportunity is being made to talk or to fellowship intimately or face to face. In other words, a table represented a close face-toface conversation and yet with comfortable distance in between. But think about how important this is. This is not in my notes, but I'm just saying in the old days, you're looking at in the days when there were no uh fancy developments, fancy homes, and you live in a hut. Why would you have uh a a table that takes up space? You know, in the old the old days, huts, people would sit at the floor because you need space in a small little building. Why would you stick a big table in there? So tables were were things that were kept in places like eating houses uh well not restaurants. There were no restaurants in those very uh ancient times. But so table represented uh a a time of conversation, face-to-face conversation. And yet what the table did was it created a comfortable distance in between the people that were having a conversation. So people in those days also generally didn't choose to sit at a table. If you study history, uh even the rich people would eat while lying on a couch or some kind of seating uh um very comfortable seating area and trays of food would be placed next to them. So it wasn't as much about eating as it was about negotiations and uh discussing something or having conversations. That's what table represents. So in the above scripture, David is saying that God presents an opportunity for him to sit at negotiations with his enemies face to face. And what's beautiful about this is God creates the opportunity for David to be sitting face to face with his enemies having discussions. And that's where God chooses to anoint his head with oil. meaning proves David's election in public in the midst of those negotiations and also shows off the blessing upon David. That's what my cup runth over means. See, my cup runth over means showing the blessing upon David and showing that he doesn't have need of anything. So it's so important because when you when you're having negotiations with your enemies, usually negotiations are well, you tell me what you want and I'll tell you what I want and we'll see where we can compromise. But if you come like David to a negotiation, his cup runth over, there's nothing you have that he wants. And uh God shows clearly by the anointing that's with him that his head is anointed with oil. And this brings negotiations to a place that it's in favor for David. So that's what David is saying here. Preparing a table before me in the presence of my enemies is giving me an opportunity to uh have a conversation with my enemies where who God is to me and what he has done with me can be made known to them. Amen. It's so beautiful. Every verse of that psalm is so rich with revelation. It's incredible. But anyway, so why would there be a table of showbread? It is an opportunity presented to come into a face-to-face fellowship with the word. An opportunity presented to come into face-to-face conversation with the word. Amen. Now, it is a pure table. That means it is not corrupted by hidden agendas and corrupt conversation. It is a pure table. Now if you just think about that in terms of when you speaking of let's say conversations or negotiations between America and Russia and if you say their conversation was not around a pure table, what do you mean? If you say President Trump's negotiations with President Putin was not around a pure table, what you're saying is there were hidden agendas, there was corrupt conversations, they were holding things back, they were lying to each other, it was deceit, it was a farce, it was maybe um a a deception to the world. It was not a pure table. All right? So when Solomon calls the table of showbread a pure table, he's talking about pure conversation, no hidden agendas, no selfishness of any sort. Let's read Acts 6 and 2. Acts 6:2. This is you'll remember this scenario where the disciples the 12 disciples were um they had baptized so many people and now these people all needed help and people were coming up to them and discussing their problems and asking them questions about their business and what should they do and asking them who should they marry and you know lengthy questions that link to lengthy arguments and lengthy discussions. And so in acts 6 and:e 2 it says then the 12 called the multitude of the disciples unto them. So they called all the other church members and said unto them it is not reason that means it's not logical it's not favorable that we should leave the word of God and serve tables. Okay serving tables one would think they were speaking of being waiters. Absolutely not. Not so they were not they were not saying we should uh it is not reason that we should leave the word and become waiters right they were talking about meeting people and talking about all their problems and and and other things. So they called all the other disciples the 12 called all the other disciples of Christ and said to them basically listen you you guys have to take care of this. You take care of the people and all their problems. leave us to preach the word. So this meant we are not meant to be a part of unnecessary conversations when their conversations were supposed to be solely about the word. The 12 disciples were supposed to be their conversations were supposed to be solely about the word. They if if they were called upon they were to talk about what they had seen with Jesus Christ. They they would be called upon to talk about their witness of the death, burial, and resurrection. They were not supposed to be sitting around talking about, you know, how many wives this guy had and how he wants to make his life right. Let's leave that to the other part of the ministry. These 12 was had a specific job. So, here's a question. Why was Christ so angry when he went into the temple and you'll remember he overturned the tables? What tables? It wasn't because the priest had allowed un uh or the priest had allowed gambling and money and that's not what the tables were. Of course, there were those tables. I don't believe it was gambling, but it was because the priests had allowed unholy conversations to come into the tabernacle. It wasn't just literal tables that Christ kicked over. They were discussing politics. They were discussing King Herod and Rome and business and other unholy things in the in the place of God's name. There should never have been any other conversations in the temple but the the the imparting of God's word, the imparting of the wisdom that comes from God's word. Any other discussions should not have been allowed in that place. That was the law. So when Christ came in, he found that the tables were no longer pure. The table of showbread is a pure table. It represents holy conversation. Conversation without hidden agenda. Amen. Conversation, fellowship, intimate fellowship, face-toface fellowship on the word of God. All right. So let's get to the next thing and let's look at the showbread. We we can read from Leviticus 24 and verse 5-9. And it says, "And thou shalt take fine flour and bake 12 cakes thereof." Two tenth deals. Watch this. Two tenth deals shall be in one cake. And thou shalt set them in two rows, six on a row upon the pure table before the Lord. So two rows. So if you if you look at this table, a rectangular table on the two long sides of the table, there would be six loaves and six loaves on the other side of the table. Verse 7. And thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row, that it may be on the bread for a memorial, even an offering made by fire unto the Lord. Every Sabbath he shall set it in order before the Lord continually being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant. And it shall be Aaron's and his sons, and they shall eat it in the holy place. For it is the most holy, for it is most holy unto him of the offerings of the Lord made by fire by a perpetual statute. All right. So being technical, we can find many clues in here of God's relationship to the Hebrews. If you look at verse 5, verse 5 shows us that 12 cakes had to be baked. Now, we can already say, well, 12 that speaks of the 12 uh patriarchs, right? The the 12 tribes of Israel. Now you'll notice each cake contains two tenth deals or two tenths of a deal which was a form of measuring flour. Now if you take two 10th deals that makes 24/10 of a deal. In other words there were 24 10th deals right? 24 measurements, specific measurements to make up the 12 cakes, which actually shows you those 12 loaves of showbread had 24 measures of meal. Symbolic of the future where it would be 24 elders around the throne, 12 patriarchs, and 12 apostles. Symbolic of course. Also, a tenth speaks of a tithe. Tithing is a part of worship which is fitting for the inner court as we will find later. All right? Because the inner court is all about worship. In verse six, it shows the bread placed in two rows of six. Of course, six being the number of a man may point us then to the two anointed men. Speaking of Israel, since this is the tabernacle of Israel, this showbread showing two anointed men that are significant in the relationship of Israel to God. Moses and Elijah. Okay, there's so many things that we could pick up in here. Frankincense is one of the most precious, expensive, or was at that time one of the most precious, expensive, favored incense of the east. It is in resin form to be applied upon hot coals and in ointment form to create a scent, a very pleasing scent. It is edible. It is medicinal and with many known healing properties. This frankincense was applied upon the showbread to show as an offering unto the Lord. Again, what does frankincense speak of? worship. Amen. Again, fitting for the inner court because the inner court is all about worship. Now, only Aaron and his sons, according to verse 9, only Aaron and his sons, the priesthood, were allowed to eat the showbread. And on the Sabbath, they had to eat the fully ripened bread now being replaced, right? This is important. So let's look at what this showbread means. So if you go into your Hebrew lexicon or however you want to find out the original word for showbread is P A N I Y M. Panim. Paneim is the word for showbread. But the meaning of panim is face or faces. Right? So if you read in my notes, I've got it there written for you. Face or faces. The the symbolic meaning of that you'll find there in front of or before or to the front of or in the presence of in the face of at the face in front of from the presence of from before. from before the face off. These are all the meanings of this word pane. Right? So it was the bread of the presence or it was symbolic of communion or fellowship face to face. All right. Now you'd say, "But hold on a second. Wasn't the most holy place face to face fellowship?" Absolutely. That was face tof face fellowship. But that was a different kind of face to face. What face toface fellowship are you having here in the inner court? Right? So let's let's get to that. Now interpreting this, we understand that the purpose of the showbread is to show the effects of the presence of God felt from without the veil. That is outside the veil. That's the purpose. So the showbread was an indication that the presence of God when it was when the presence of God was in the most holy place that presence could be felt in the inner court even though there was a thick veil separating it. Beautiful. The worshipper cannot really feel the presence of God that is within the veil. But what this shows us is that the presence of God within the veil can actually be felt without and produces amazing things. Right? So let me explain that. You know you have you know what we're talking about now. You are a three-dimensional being. Your body is your outer court. Your spirit is your inner court. Your soul is your most holy place. The gene seed of God that was in his mind before the foundation of the world is the part that is within the veil inside your soul. That's the gene seed. That's the predestinated seed that came from God that was in the logos. That's the part that's the God part of you that's inside your soul. Now, the truth is if you try some way and you sit at your at at your or in your closet or in in bed at night, you're sleeping, you lie down, you look up at the ceiling, you think, I really want to feel what that gene seed is feeling. I want to know what that gene seed is. You know, in your conscious mind and in your body, you can never just make that happen. You can't you you you can't feel the presence of that gene seed. You just cannot because it's veiled by self. It there's a thick veil in the front. So what this table of showbread is showing us that there is a way for that presence to be felt in your spirit realm in your mind. There is a way for the presence of that gene seed to be seen to be felt in your spirit. And this is how the showbread, right? That's what we're saying. Now, the 12 loaves of showbread to Israel represented the 12 patriarchs, the fathers, the 12 tribes. It spoke of the manifested or written word to the people. How do we know this? Because brother Ben Branham told us, those of you who've read the messages in the revelation of Jesus Christ series, you would remember these things that he told us uh what these um 12 apostles and 12 patriarchs represent. So in this tabernacle to Israel, those 12 loaves of showbread represented the testimony of their fathers to them because everything they knew about God, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, that's all they knew. So those the testimony of those men was the written word to the people, right? And and whatever they testified of, whatever they passed on was their knowledge of God. And that knowledge was represented in these 12 lows. Right? So only the high priest and the priesthood were allowed to eat it before the veil. This was an important uh thing which meant that it spoke of an inner experience. That means u it was given to the priesthood and they had to express it to the people. So the priest had to eat the showbread and they had to express it to the people. Um they had to be the testimony of this inner experience. Right? In other words, they would have to tell the people that this is what happened with this showbread in the presence of the Lord and and this is the day that we are we have eaten of this right now. Showing that it had to be eaten before the veil means the experience of eating the showbread could not be uh had on the outer court. It it was an inner court experience. It had to be eaten before the veil. That means it had to be eaten in the inner court. Very very important. In other words, to you personally, this experience of the showbread takes place in your spirit realm. You can't transfer it to your body realm. Right now, it was not that the showbread was only for the priesthood. It was actually only for the consecrated for people who had not mixed their lives with sin. At that time it was only the priesthood that qualified because all other people were considered mixing their lives with sin and only the priesthood were consecrated. This bread was not even inaccessible. That means it wasn't as if you couldn't get a hold of it. You couldn't easily get a hold of it. This bread is easy to obtain because it's not within the most holy place. If you went into the into the holy place, into the most holy place, you could you would be struck dead. But if you ventured into the inner court, you could be pardoned. It's not it it wasn't an issue, right? Of course, it was it would be a problem. The priest would shout at you and so on, but it wasn't certain death. If you were a consecrated person, you could come into the inner court. And we know there's proof of that. But I will show it to you just now. But it was basically for the priest because at that time the priests were the only consecrated group. But remember this important thing. The showbread is only for consecrated people. Let's read the thotiry church. It's a quote in the Thotiran church age paragraph 35. Brother Brandon says and now we find out that he also got hidden mana. Now hidden mana is tied to the showbread. The showbread was for the priests only. That is right. Showbread was just for the priest and they it was a special thing made for the priest. That is the leaders. This man overcome the whole congregation got mana but he's got a hidden special man or a special revelation. Oh of who Jesus was and what about him? All about him. So he got that revelation if he overcome. So in other words, the priesthood or the consecrated ones are supposed to receive a special revelation of Christ by the written word. Right? In other words, the showbread indicates a special revelation of Christ, not the outside, not the outside people. Those that are the consecrated ones are to receive a special revelation of Christ by the written word, more than what the leoty receives. And they must express it to the common people. Right? Are you getting it saints? If you are the consecrated ones, you must be feasting or showbread. And if you are, then you were the ones that must be able to express that that uh experience to the common people. Right? Let's read the message unveiling of God. Paragraph 333 and 334. What's the shakina glory today? He says to break beyond the veil to see who God is standing before you. See who God is standing before us. The pillar of fire. He is veiled in human flesh. But what does the shikina what did it do? The showbread seed, the word that we're to live on in this day by these promises. The shakina glory ripens that showbread brings it to pass makes it bread to the believer that laid in the pages of the Bible year after year. The word for this age to the denominations it's a stumbling block to the denominations they stumble at it. Down through the years Luther Wesley Martin Luther all Sanki Finny John Smith Knox all stumbled at it. Notice brother Benam is talking about the Bible. What he's saying is the shakina glory must ripen the word in the Bible. See, he was saying that through all the ages the denominations kept stumbling over the written word. But if there is shakina glory to the believer, it must ripen the showbread. It must make it bread to the believer. That means the the shakina glory has to make the Bible bread to the believer. It must make it edible. It must make it uh filling, sufficient. It must make it uh sustaining. Amen. So to the Hebrew people who had no Bible, the written word was the word given to their elders or forefathers. Right? So let's come back and understand now in the in the tabernacle in the in the wilderness, those Hebrew people, they had no Bibles. They had no written word. What was the written word? The written word was to them the word spoken by Abraham, the word spoken by Jacob, the word spoken by Isaac, the word spoken by Joseph in Egypt, word spoken by um all their brothers, Reuben, Judah, Levi, all these brothers, their testimonies, what they said that they experienced with God in their lives, that was the written word. In other words, if you were a a man in that day in the wilderness, all that you know about God was what your ancestors told you. Now you think about it. If you hear the word of your ancestors, can you really properly understand what your ancestors meant? Can you properly figure out some of the stories they told you? I mean just take the Bible for instance, right? The Bible is the thing that we read about and from this Bible there are thousands of denominations that have derived their names, their beliefs, their traditions, their religion from the same Bible all of us are reading which actually shows you that the word of the forefathers needs shakina to make it bread. If it doesn't have shikina, it cannot be sustaining. It cannot bring true fellowship, true conversation, true face-to-face conversation with God. This bread needs to be placed in Shikina glory. Amen. So um this is why at that day his name to them was the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. They had no name like Jesus Christ. They had no name yet like Jehovah Yahweh. They were still they had no association with that name Jehovah. They were the name Jehovah was becoming known to them in that time. But remember when he when Moses went to them in in Egypt, he he asked God what what shall I uh what name shall I give? And he said I am that I am. You shall say I am. I am the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and so on and and then they will recognize him. See, he had to identify himself as the God of their fathers as long as they kept true to that word that God had given their forefathers and kept it hallowed in the inner court. He promised to increase it to them and make it live to them week in and week out. It would become more meaningful. So what does this mean? That means if you were a Hebrew man in the day of Moses and if you held in your spirit, in your mind, in your heart, if you held the testimony of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob close to you, personal to you, treasured in your heart, then God promised that he would make it increase to them. He would increase the thing that Abraham testified. He would increase the thing that Isaac and Jacob testified to them. He would make that bread live, increase, ripen to them. But they had to hold it as hallowed bread in their spirit and their mind. They had to meditate on it daily. Now in our day, the word of our forefathers is the Bible. All that is written therein is the word of God to those generations of long ago. Right? If we can take this hallowed bread, if we can take this the words of this Bible, the words of the message, the word of the Bible, and if we can make it hallowed to us and keep it before the light of the candlesticks, we'll talk about that later uh in another session. If we can take it before the light of the candlesticks, the shakina glory from within the veil will ripen it or expand it or reveal more of it to us. It will make the the the words of the Bible more meaningful. It will reveal so much more to us. It will make our worship more meaningful. Amen. Now, how do we keep this these words hallowed? Hallowed means holy. How do we keep this Bible holy to us? Now, you know, I I must say this to you. Um, this is a very important thing for an individual to consider. You know, a long time ago, I used to see uh, you know, believers walking to church, their Bibles were treasured things that they had. If you walked into a believer's home, you'd see the bestkept thing in the house was a Bible, their Bible, and they were very u protective over their Bible. Possessive in a family, they would say, "This is my Bible. This is your Bible." And, you know, um and we were all that way, you know. We would respect one another. If we went to conventions and a Bible was left on a chair, uh somebody would find it and take it to the front, nobody would steal that Bible. Nobody would page through it and rift through it and and be nosy. It would we would take it to the minister and say somebody's left a Bible and the minister would look in for a name and then they would announce it at the next meeting and say someone has left a Bible here. Will please someone who the person who own it come up here and collect it and it would be handed over respectfully to them. I have seen that respect of a Bible from the time I'm a child. Now, if you read the history of the scrolls of the Hebrews that they kept in the ark of the covenant, they called that that script, that roll of paper with the law written in it. They called it the writing of fire. And those uh priests covered that those scrolls with the cloth. They covered it in a certain way. And when they opened the scroll, they would open it with the cloth so their skin would not touch the pages because they believed that those pages were so holy that their skin was not worthy to touch it. You know, when I consider how those men revered the word, the written word of that time, it it it send chills up my spine because when you consider today, our Bibles are in our iPads, iPhones, tablets, you know, we just scroll on them with unholy hands. We flick through our, you know, our Bibles. we carry them to work. You know, unholy people will just ask us, "Oh, is that a Bible? Can I have a look at that?" And some, you know, degenerate person can just riff through the pages of those holy words. And we ourselves, we could have been in an argument. We could have, you know, done something bad and then we take take up this holy word and riffle our filthy fingers through it. You know, that that respect this generation has. so lost the respect of the word of God. You know, to this day, I I can open up a Bible and place my hand on the pages and just break down in tears because that's how much those words mean to me. Those words are the wisdom of life. They are the word of God, the written word that was expressed through the saints through the ages. If a if there are simple things we could teach our families is respect of the word of God. The written word of God is meant to be kept on pure tables. Now let's look at the characteristics of this bread. All right? And we're going to type it with uh with who we are in this day and and what concerns us in this day. Number one, this bread was actually baked with leaven. Showbread was not unleavened bread. It was baked with leaven. That's why it could rise. It would it could uh expand. It could become a larger loaf in the presence of the Lord. In the light of the presence of the Lord. So baked with leaven. What does that tell us? It is written word. Why? Because written word has the ability to become corrupt by private interpretation. Written word is subject to private interpretation. That's why it has leaven. So the Bible is exactly the point. The Bible is words with leaven because written word is so easily disjointed and misinterpreted. Right? Is important characteristic. Number two, the showbread is halfbaked. Halfbaked bread. It's not fully baked because it it is brought halfbaked into the presence of the Lord. When it's placed on on the table, as it stays in the presence of the Lord, it continues rising until it is fully baked. Right? So, it is halfbaked because it is supposed to ripen in the presence of God before the veil. What does that tell us? that tells us written word, the Bible, the message of the prophet given to the fathers was not complete, was not a full revelation. It was not complete revealing what it had to say. So it being halfbaked, the Bible is actually the halfbaked word. It needs to lay in the shakina glory for it to complete its rising. Right? like a like a loaf of bread in an oven. It has to stay there until it is fully ripened or risen, right? Halfbaked mean meaning if you just take the words of the Bible and eat it halfbaked, it is not completely sustaining. You will never be fully satisfied. Do you understand that? It has to have to lay in the presence of the shakina glory. Number three, it would not be sustaining to eat it while we were making this point just after it's baked. Written word has to be allowed to lay in the presence. That is present day coming or present day revelation. It has to lay in present day revelation for it to be beneficial to you. Right? Point number four, the bread is not common when it is in the presence of God. Right? So if the bread is in the presence of God be in before the veil then that bread is not common. What is what does it mean? If that bread is on that pure table of your spirit and it is resting before your soul and it is being hallowed before your soul. It is not common bread because what is being revealed inside is not common to the people on the outside. Right? But if the bread point number five is removed from the presence if it is placed on the outer court now it becomes common bread and a very important thing. So when you take what is revealed inside of you and you take it on the outside and then you express it to people then it becomes common bread and that's an important thing because it it should become common bread to the public through you. Um and we'll talk about that a little later. Last point there number six. This this is amazing. This bread is not to be cut with a knife. It's meant to be broken. That was the law. It's not meant to be cut with a knife. It's meant to be broken. How beautiful, saints. I I thought about this and and I so thank God for opening this up to me because if you if you think about it, why shouldn't this bread be cut? You don't realize if you take a loaf of bread, it's so annoying to try and break pieces of bread and give it out to people in your family. you, any father or mother in a family will think, "Hey, listen, kids. Just hold on. Let me slice this bread up so we all get an even share, right? And we'll we'll try our best to slice this bread up as evenly as possible." That's not how this bread was meant to be divided. If you cut with a knife, cutting would be subject to evenly divided according to man's discretion. Right? So if you take this bread and give it to somebody and then you slice it up with a knife, what you're saying is you by your own strength are dividing this bread and that's not how it's supposed to be. But if you take this bread and you break it, you will never get the same amount all the time. Broken bread would ensure an amount inspired by the presence of the Lord in the moment. And it will never be handed out the same way all the time. It will always be different shape, different size every time. And that's what makes the expounded written word so beautiful. It is never the same way every time. Therefore, people will get bored when preachers preach the same thing all the time, the same way because they are cutting and slicing it according to their own discretion. But if bread is broken, it is so much sweeter. Amen. Let's move on. Apart from the priesthood, there was a king who ate showbre. The first king to eat showbread. 1st Samuel 21:2-6. And David said unto him the priest, the king had commanded me a business, and had said unto me, let no man know anything of the business where I send thee, and what I have commanded thee, and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place. Now, therefore, what is in thine hand? David is asking the high priest, what do you have for me to eat? Give me five loaves of bread in my hand. Or what here what there is present. And the priest answered David and said, "There is no common bread under my hand, but there is hallowed bread, that is showbre, if the young men have kept themselves at least from woman." And David answered the priest and said unto him, "Of a truth, woman have been kept from us about these three days since I came out, and the vessels of the young men are holy, and the bread is in in a manner common." Yay, though it was sanctified this day in the vessel. I'll explain that. So the priest gave him hallowed bread for there was no bread there but the showbread that was taken from before the Lord to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away. All right. So just to put you in the picture, David was actually lying to this high priest. David was escaping from King Saul after Jonathan told him his life was in danger. So he comes to the high priest. The high priest had no idea that Saul was going to be chasing David and that David was escaping. So David lies to him that he's here on the king's business and he's with a he's with a a group of men um and the men are somewhere else. So he asked him he asked him for five loaves. He wanted five loaves because he wanted to continue running and he wanted food to keep running with. And if you read the story on he asks for the sword for a sword and he gets the sword of of Goliath. But the scripture shows us two things here. David should have died for eating the showbread. But what we see again is that the showbread can be eaten by kings and priests. This is Revelations 5:9. Let's go back to the point we made earlier. The showbread is meant for consecrated people. Therefore, this shows us it's not just for the priests. It was for the priests in Moses day because the priests in Moses day were the only consecrated people. But here David was consecrated. He was holy. He was anointed by Samuel to be the next king. He was allowed to eat the showbread and did not die. But the criterion, this high priest said, uh, if you want to eat this showbread, you um, you need to tell me whether you've been kept from women. And so to be able to eat of the showbread, they had to be kept from women and their vessels holy. So that the showbread was in a manner common. That's what he says. In other words, they were as hallowed. They were holy as the bread. Right? What does it mean for us of all the things the priests asked David? He says if they had least kept themselves from women. He didn't ask about drink or other intoxicants or gambling etc. What is the the spiritual significance of being kept from women? All right. For a church to be kept from women refers to fornications and adulterous affairs. Spiritually it means the conditions for being worthy to eat of the ripened showbread is to be kept from spiritual adultery and fornications. denominational systems and false doctrines. That's what women symbolizes spiritually. You cannot sit at the pure table. You cannot have true fellowship with the written word. You cannot understand the Bible or the message if your heart is divided by love of the world, self-interest, and uplifting the ministries of other men. Saints, your heart and mind must be purely devoted to the word with no hidden agenda. All false influences with which we read the Bible makes our vessels unworthy of the showbread. Amen. But if we cleanse our spirits of these false influences and uh spirits we can receive and and we can receive the ripening of the showbread within our inner court and thereby feel the effects of the shikina glory of God. Glory to God. Amen. So let's bring this down to the tabernacle of man. for us. Every individual being the new tabernacle of God in this day. There's no more tabernacle of Moses. You are the tabernacle of God. Being that new tabernacle, you have the realm of your spirit as your inner court. A very large part of the spirit of man is made up by the mind. Your mind, right? This is the part that takes in the written word. Obviously, you open up your Bible, your eyes fall upon the word. The words of those of that Bible enters through your eyes, goes into your brain, into your mind, and your mind begins to interpret what your eyes are reading. Right? So, a very large portion of your spirit is the mind. The mind is the part that takes in the written word. It is this that is the greatest struggle for some people most a lot of people in the message and Christians is handling the written word and saying this is what the table of showbread is all about. This is what this study is all about. If we don't allow the Holy Spirit to set up a pure table within us then we will always have problems interpreting the written word. But if we have our pure table set up by the Holy Spirit, then we have a constant opportunity of fellowship of the written word. The written word will ripen in the presence of the Lord in our soul. And then our spirits are filled with a worship that is meaningful and constant and wonderful. Glory to God. I want to close this off by reading a few quotes and then a scripture and then we'll bring it to an end. Let's read this from the message the unveiling of God paragraph 304 uh onwards. Unveiling of God 1964 14th of June 304 paragraph 304. Notice the old temple had it in the shikina glory. The light of the shikina over the word. The word is a seed. It brought forth the showbread to believers only. There it is. Saints, the showbread is to believers only. Remember, any man can turn the pages of the Bible, but it takes the Holy Spirit to reveal it. Amen. The showbread is for believers only. Everyone in this world knows the Bible. Bibles are in hotels. The Gideon Bible in every single hotel. And people can read that Bible, but they will not understand it. They will struggle with it. They will have strife with it. It can only be a showbread to the believer because there is a light of the shukina of the word in them. Brother says the blood also was upon the covenant and the blood is the water the water that that lifens the grain the wheat the seed which is the word. And Jesus said, as Moses lifted up the brass serpent, then again he said, God so loved the world, he gave his only begotten son, whosoever believeth in him should not perish. Moses smoked the rock in the wilderness to save a perishing people or bring water. God smoked Jesus to bring forth the spirit out of him for a perishing people. The blood came from him which is the water of the washing by the word which the water brings life to the seed and it brought forth the shikina glory shined upon the word which brought forth the showbread and the showbread was just for a chosen people. Glory to God. Amen. The showbread saints is for you and I. It is for a chosen people. Paragraph 306. Now breaking into the veil through the veil into his presence where the word is not the creed the word in there seeing the shikina glory the shikina the power the holy spirit shining upon the word bringing forth the promise shows you're behind the veil. Amen. So I want to tell you there what this tells us is if you read the Bible, if you read the written word and the written word begins to reveal things and and and bring a feeling of the presence of God in your spirit in your mind. It shows you have God behind the veil. It proves it's your proof. Brother Ram said this, right? The proof of the Holy Spirit is that is the word, the revelation of the word. Right? So how do you know that you have the gene seed in your soul? The proof of that is when the written word starts to speak to you. The written word starts to rise. The written word becomes showbread fully baked showbread in your inner court. Glory to God in the highest. Paragraph 333 in unveiling of God. Watch this shakina glory today to break beyond the veil. To see who God is standing before you. See who God is standing here before us. The pillar of fire. He's veiled in human flesh. But what does the shikina what did it do? The showbre the word that we live we're to live in on this day by these promises. The shakina glory ripens that showbread brings it to pass makes it bread to the believer that laid in the pages of the Bible year after year. We read this quote earlier. the word for this age. I want to get to 335 because we read 333 to 334 before. 3:35 says, "But what's it to be done in this last day?" What is it to reveal? To bring forth. What's Malachi 4 to do? To turn back the people from that stumbling block. To bring down the traditions. To reveal the bread with the shakina glory. to reveal the bread with the shakina glory. Watch it ripen. Produce just exactly what it said it would do. Oh my. Showbread for this age to the denomination a stumbling block. A bunch of fanatics. But we who believe, glory to God, saints. So the same written word, the same message books that's a stumbling block to other people, the same Bible that's a stumbling block to the entire world that was sent to break down traditions. Amen. And when it's in your mind, in your spirit, and there is shakina glory coming through the veil from the gene seed of your soul, it will turn that written word into showbread for this time for you. No one else has that privilege saints but you the chosen people identified Christ of all ages paragraph 42 to 44 until you come in behind the badger skin until you get out of your old skin your old thoughts your old creeds and come into the presence of God then the word becomes a living reality to you then you're awakened to the shikina glory then the Bible becomes a new book then Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. You're living in his presence. Bread of the present saints, eating the showbread. You're living in his presence. Eating the showbread that's only provided that day for believers, priests only. And we are priests, royal priesthood. Brother Maron says, "A holy nation, peculiar people, giving spiritual sacrifices to God. But you must come into behind the veil to see the unveiled God." The God and God is unveiled. That's his word made manifest. Now today we have so many people say well we are as so and so we believe it this way. The other group says we as so and so we believe it [clears throat] this way. See you get so many interpretations. You remember what we told you uh written word is subject to interpretations. Amen. He says paragraph 44 God don't need any interpreter. He interprets his own word. The Bible says it's no private interpretation. God reveals himself. Saints, what does this mean? This means that when you read the written word and it starts to reveal things within your spirit, that is God interpreting his own word to you, making the written word showbread to the believer. Amen. It needs no private interpretation. You know, this is so beautiful because uh I as a preacher, as a a preacher of the word, I can come week in and week out in church, read a scripture and start to expound on it. And [clears throat] anybody can do that. But within your spirit, the one that makes that scripture known to you, revealed to you, that's God's interpreting the word. That's not me explaining it is not God interpreting, right? That's me expressing what God has interpreted in me. But he's going to interpret it in you by the shikina glory that is in your soul. Praise be to God. God reveals himself. Brother Ram said once the believer, this saints, this is so important for you young people in this time, you older people in this time, doesn't matter who you are. Once you've tasted of this showbread, once this written word is revealed to you in the way that it is right now, what can you go back to? Is there anything else that can satisfy our spirits, our minds anymore than the showbread? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I have a scripture for that as we close. Isaiah 28:8-12. Verse 8 says, "For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place clean." Who? Now you know this is about the word, the written word. How do we know? Because verse 9 says, listen, he's talking about tables. All tables are full of vomit and filthiness so that there is no place clean. Verse 9, the next verse says, "Whom shall he teach knowledge? Whom shall he make to understand doctrine? Them that have weaned from the milk and drawn from the breast? For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept, line upon line, line upon line, here a little, there a little. For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people. To whom he said, "This is the rest wherewith you may cause the weary to rest. This is refreshing. And this is the refreshing. Glory to God. Yet they would not hear. Saints, we have received the refreshing. What is the refreshing? Because they at that time refused to hear the word. He promised he would speak to another people with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak. Now a lot of people say this is uh speaking with tongues. This isn't speaking with tongues. Stammering lips means people that are not even naturally gifted. Remember Moses said, "I am of stammering lips." In other words, people who are not the obvious choice, right? With stammering lips, I will use people who are not the obvious choice. And another tongue means a different language. Glory to God. God has revealed himself to us by a diff physically a different language. No longer Hebrew, God is speaking to us and revealing his nature, divine nature through the terrible language of English. Just think about that. Just think about that uh uh um meaning to the scripture. Stammering lips and another tongue. Look at the the teachers and the preachers of this message that God has chosen, the ministries that God has chosen to bring to us the word of the Lord. Saints, every true minister in this message if he has an ounce of Holy Spirit in him will never have a proud and a hotty spirit to believe that he has ability. None of us have ability. We are all men of stammering lips. We know that without this message and the showbread within us, we are nothing. We have nothing. We couldn't teach anything to the outside world, we are useless. We are all men of stammering lips. But God has chosen stammering lips and another tongue, a different language to speak to his people. And all other tables are full of vomit and filthiness. You may find eloquence at other tables. You may find people with great charisma, great uh intellectualism, people with such beautiful language and the most uh amazing poetry and and speak with the most amazing voices and the most amazing charisma in with music playing in the background and you will hear all those things. But what sustenance is there? It's emptiness. It's corrupt tables full of vomit and filthiness. But come to the word, saints. Come to the true showbread, and you will see an amazing thing that God has done in this day. With stammering lips in another tongue, he has spoken to his people. And this is the refreshing. May the Lord bless you, bless your hearts. Until the next time, amen.
