################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-14 - Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P3 - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-14
Title:    Knowing God and Knowing the Devil P3 - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Sermon Clip
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPdgUhro-So
========================================

Description:
0In this final part of the series, "Knowing God and Knowing the Devil," the focus shifts to the internal struggle of the believer. The message moves past religious myths to identify the real "devil" as the spirit of lies and the real "God" as the spirit of truth.

The White Dog and the Black Dog
The title refers to a story told by an Indian chief to the prophet, William Branham. The chief explained that after receiving the Holy Ghost, he felt as if two dogs were fighting inside him—one white (good) and one black (bad).

Which one wins? The one the "chief" feeds the most.
The Food of the Spirit: Spirits do not eat physical food; they eat Words. You feed the White Dog through Truth and the Black Dog through Lies and Deception.
---------------------------------------------------
Key Highlights in This Teaching:
The Boogeyman Concept: Most modern ideas about the devil are "Boogeymen"—imaginary monsters created by religions to scare people into obedience. True Satanic influence is not a scaly creature; it is the spirit of lies encountered in everyday advertising, propaganda, and subtle deceptions.

Survival vs. Truth: People often believe lies because they want to feel "safe." We submit to oppressive religious leadership because we fear "the Boogeyman" of hell or missing the rapture, rather than being free moral agents led by the Holy Spirit.

The Spirit of Your Mind (Ephesians 4:23): The only way to be "renewed" is to put away lying. Speaking the truth is the practical mechanism that changes the "nature" of the human mind.

The Message is Wisdom, Not Rules: The "dos and don'ts" of the message (dressing, habits, etc.) are common sense and righteousness, but they are not the Message itself. The Message is the exposing of the spirit of lies and the revelation of God for our day.

Righteousness without Truth: People can live "moral" lives (no drinking, smoking, etc.) by their own will without knowing God. Outward morality is not proof of the Spirit of Truth.

Knowing God an...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. Before you take your seats, we'd like to read in the word of God. And we would like to read from Romans chapter 7, excuse me, Romans 7:14 to18. And the word of God reads like this. For we know that the law is spiritual, but I am carnal, sold under sin. For that which I do, I allow not. For what I would, that do I not. But what I hate, that do I. If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the Lord that it is good, now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. For I know that in me that is in my flesh, dwelleth no good thing. For to will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good I find not. Amen. The Lord add a blessing to his word. You may be seated. Now this morning I um I want to do probably I'm thinking it is the last part of knowing God and knowing the devil. So that is um our subject knowing God and knowing the devil and um also part of the subject is the two spirits at war. But our title is going to be the white dog and the black dog. So just to switch back to this beautiful scripture, you know, when you read the scripture and you read it properly and when I say properly, I mean you don't just read it, you read it with the punctuation. You stop when you should stop. You pause when you should pause. You emphasize certain words the way you should. Like you can read and say uh you know verse 16 uh I I if then I do that which I would not I consent unto the Lord that it is good. You don't even catch the meaning unless you emphasize the right thing and pause at the right time. So for we know that the law is spiritual. The law is spiritual. That means it is only conceived in the spirit. It is only understood in the spirit. It is not something tangible. It is not something you can see, touch, feel, taste, whatever. It is something spiritual. It's something relating to the spirit. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But I am carnal. That means I am flesh. &gt;&gt; In other words, that's that one phrase or that that sentence is basically saying if something that is true, the law is spiritual, how do I translate that to something that is carnal? Right? Sold under sin. In other words, I come into this world speaking lies. I come into this world on the back foot, disadvantaged. Now, right. And then he says, for that which I do, I allow not. He's actually saying there, the things that I do that are carnal, that are distasteful, I actually find in myself. I don't like it. I don't like doing wrong things. Right? And he says, "For what I would, the things that I intend to do, the things that I want to do, the things that I feel are morally good and are righteous, I find myself not doing that." See, but what I hate that I do. So even in my spirit, I recognize the wrongdoings and I hate those things. I I feel inside of me. I I I despise myself when I do that. I I feel like inside me I know that thing is wrong and I don't want to do it but then I do it. I think every human can relate to this scripture 100%. every human on earth, &gt;&gt; right? Maybe not Hitler, I don't know. &gt;&gt; But if then I do that, now this I love this. If then I do that which I would not, this is very, I don't know, you could say philosophical, but it's so full of revelation. If then I do which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good. In other words, by you doing something wrong that you know is wrong or you know something is good and you don't do that which is good, you are actually proving the law. I consent unto the law that it is good. That's what it's what you're saying is the law is right. Like in transgressing standards of the message, what you are actually proving is that what brother Bam said was the truth. &gt;&gt; Yes. by not doing it by by the fact that you're doing something and hating yourself for doing it. You're actually proving cood right &gt;&gt; that's what it's saying &gt;&gt; now then it is no more but then Paul is saying now I understand something I'm coming to understand something because inside me if the inner man hates it doesn't want to do it has intentions not to do it and then I go ahead and do it then I know that it is not really me but something else abiding in my flesh that makes me do it &gt;&gt; see Then it is no more I that do it but sin that dwelleth in me. That these are something you really have to wrestle with yourself about. Verse uh 18. For I know that in me that is in my flesh dwelleth no good thing. That means I know that in my flesh I come born conceit of sexual desire born the natural way. I come with traits and genetic things from my parents from my lineage. I am I am programmed as I come into this world to uh lean to certain things to have certain uh tendencies. I come pre-programmed with that from my uh genetics, right? And he says um that is in my flesh. It there's dwelleth no good thing. In other words, I come into this world. I'm a little baby. I look at something someone else has. I want it. I lust after it. I desire it. I want it to be mine, not theirs. I I imagine a little innocent baby just reaches two years old and he's always s he's already savage, right? He's like he's like an univilized being. You you've got to teach him how to to have good manners, how to sit when he's told when you tell him to sit, how to behave. HE'S LIKE A SAVAGE, RIGHT? He he'll run around naked and enjoy it. He'll steal something from someone and enjoy it and and and stand there with glee looking at them. H I got it from you. It's mine. It's like if you look at it and think this guy's really evil, you know, and then you've got to take years to train this thing out of him to make him not scratch and punch and bite and kick and all of that. He like it comes pre-programmed to do that. Paul, that's what Paul is saying. in my flesh dwelleth no good thing and you've got to start training him to do that for to will is present that means and as I grow and I exercise my free will and I'm thinking about it and I think uh I have the ability I really want to do good I want to please somebody I want to please my family I want to please the church people I want to please God I want to do that I feel the will is present to do it but how to perform that which is good I don't know how to do that which is good. I feel like I've got all these dreams and these ideas of how to do so many good things for God. I just don't get down to doing it. I find myself doing all the things I don't want to do. Do we find ourselves there? That is the condition of humanity. And that's what happens when you present the word of God, the truth. So that's where we find ourselves in this subject. And that's where we're going to bring this to something the prophet spoke of and call it the white dog and the black dog. Now, when we were last uh here and we last spoke on this, we showed you that the only closest expression of God you will ever find or experience in your life today is the spirit of truth. &gt;&gt; God no longer appears in manifestations. God no longer appears in the pillar of fire, in the pillar of cloud, or the angel of the Lord being visible to any any one of you seen him lately. Angel of the Lord standing in your room 6t tall and so on. Nobody sees that anymore. No pillars of fire anymore. No pillars of cloud, no manifestations. You say, "Yeah, but I saw the gifts." What gifts? Speaking in tongues, prophecies, that's still not an appearing of the Lord. or it is, but it's not a physical uh um uh like appearing of the Lord where you're seeing a person. It's a spiritual thing, right? And God no longer appears in those ways. And the days of, you know, major prophets are over. There's no more major prophets to the Gentiles, right? So all the people who come to you and try to tell you and you know it's it's uh you know it's desperate because among the denominations they literally have prophetic classes and things. They really feel like the there's a need for prophets. So also are you still with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; In the same way, the devil, I hope you haven't seen him &gt;&gt; in a physical form. That is, does not appear in any physical form. &gt;&gt; He cannot create a form for him to appear in. Neither can he take on any physical form that was created by God. He does not take on forms in your dreams or in your visions either. those things those like if you you'll say hey hey hey hold on brother Alice I had dreams about the devil firstly I feel very sorry for you you need some good in your life stop dreaming about the devil but if you saw the devil come to you in your dreams it is your imagination making that happen it is things all your nightmares whatever it is these it's not like you're sleeping in your bed and the spirit of God is there and the spirit of the devil is there and they're waiting for some moment to just jump in and get into your brain and show you something scary and you wake up. No, that's your anxiety. That's depression. That's bad things happening to you. That's tension that's happening in your life or some unresolved issues you have with your wife, husband, children, family, whatever. And it's it's messing with your head. that causes stuff that your imagination and you'll see it. Like if you're scared of spiders and you had anxiety about a relationship, you'll have a nightmare about spiders and then you'll ask if that's a sign. It that's how it is. If you're scared of snakes and you had an argument with your wife and you and it's bothering you that night, you'll dream about snakes. And it doesn't mean your wife is a snake, brother. just simply means you're scared of snakes. I cannot tell you how many times in my life in the message I've heard people everything is a sign you know and especially snakes and eagles you know it's a sign I mean you could have been watching a YouTube video about eagles 3 days ago and then suddenly you see an eagle in your dream because it made some impression inside it doesn't mean God was speaking to you because an eagle appeared in your dream and was screaming No, your mind is filled with images and things that you plant in there and they manifest themselves. So, I'm saying to you, don't even believe this stuff when they tell you Satan is coming to you. Lucifer is coming to you in your dream, someone cast a spell on you. You're a child of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All right? He's got no chance with you. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Unless you say yes to something. &gt;&gt; That's what we're talking about. So the closest thing you will find to the devil is the spirit of lies. Right? That's what we told you. He does not take on physical forms. He cannot create a physical form. The things that occur because of fear and doubt in you come from influence of the devil. Right? And it causes your your imagination to conjure up images. So this is the scariest thing. People in this world today who are scared of the devil, Pentecostal Christians, Christians who have been, you know, brainwashed about the devil, they're so terrified of going to hell to meet the devil. You don't realize you meet him every day, almost every minute of the day. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Because he is the father of all lies. Do you realize that every time you meet a lie, you are meeting the devil? &gt;&gt; That's how close he is. Not under the ground. &gt;&gt; You're meeting when you're meeting a lie, when you're face to face with a lie, you are meeting the spirit of lies. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Come in a form to direct you into something that is not good. So, if you truly understand all that we've been showing you by by now, you should have realized that the majority of what you have been told in the past about both God and the devil has been a massive elaborate lie designed to control you and keep you bound by other men. Do you understand what I just said? Almost everything you've heard about God from your religions, from philosophies, from books has been a lie. What you heard about God has been a lie. Here's the the frightening thing. If what you heard about God has been a lie, where did that lie come from? From the devil. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That means the devil has been preaching to you about God. The devil has been preaching to you about God. In other words, telling you that this is God and this is how you must worship him. And he's got you believing you are worshiping God, but you are worshiping a lie. Do you know how many people are trapped by that? You know, there are scriptures for that, right? They took um the truth of who God is and turned him into idols and all kinds of things. That's in the scriptures, the book of Romans and many other places. So, you may not have realized it that for a while, excuse me, you may not have realized how close you have been living with lies and you've been waiting for answers from God. You pray to God. You want God to give you a dream or a vision. You want God to appear to you and give you the solution for a problem. You want God to do something for you. You want an answer from him. BUT THE TRUTH is right near you and you don't realize his presence. What's the problem? Right? Then you also know you've realized it. It's a feeling like you are not going anywhere or not progressing. It's that feeling that when you're praying to God, you're not breaking through. It's that feeling that when you ought to be more, you ought to be more to the message or there ought to be more to the message. and you're just not getting it or when you believe the word that you're hearing but there's more fear and more doubt in your life and you cannot understand why. What's the problem? Right? You may come to realize that you have been deceiving yourself because you have believed lies instead of truth. You can sit here and you know we can blame the past. We can blame other ministers we sat under. We can blame people for bringing us false doctrines. We can blame preachers. You can do that your whole life. You can you can blame anybody. You can blame your parents. You can blame the church that you're in and say, "Well, it was cultish and all of that and it is their fault." It won't do you any good to cause blame anywhere else. &gt;&gt; The question is why did you believe it? &gt;&gt; Right? And that's what I want to focus on today. Why? When you ask that question, it doesn't matter. You know, young people, you get to a place, you you meet some boyfriend in the world and and then he makes you do wrong things and then you blame him. The question is why did you believe him? Then you realize you can't blame another person. The blame falls at your feet. Right? The here's the point. You can blame pastors. You can blame preachers. You can blame people who brought false doctrines. People who did things to abuse you, the churches that control, you can blame them. But you are a free moral agent. &gt;&gt; Why did you accept it? Why did you believe it? There's an answer. There's a real answer. And it's not one to make you feel bad. All right? You know what's the answer? The answer is the boogeyman in America or in England. The bogeyman. That's the answer. I can see I have your interested. Kids are like, "What is he talking about? Why did you believe false doctrines? Because of a boogeyman. Why did you believe lies about God? because of a boogeyman. I can hear it, brother. I want to get to it now. What are you talking about? All right. So, we want to start there. What is a boogeyman or a bogeyman? All right. It comes from, you can Google it. You can check it out for yourself. What you know as the devil is just a boogeyman. And the entire Christian world has been suckered into fearing it. All right. So, what is a boogeyman or a bogeyman in English? Children, you're listening. Okay. And adults who have fear and doubt in you, you're like 30 years old, 40 years old, 50 years old and you're still scared. Why are you scared? Who put that fear in YOU OF WHATEVER it is? Who put it in you? It was put in you from a long time ago as you were growing. And the reason other humans use fear with you is to control you. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All right. So the meaning of boogeyman is an imaginary evil monster or creature created by people to scare children into obedience. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I say that again. What is a boogeyman? It is an imaginary evil monster or creature created by people to scare children into obedience. So how do they do this in times like in in England and in um Europe and so on many years ago? It was like um u where people kids were getting kidnapped or um bad things would happen or there were bandits or robbers and things like that. And you know little children can you imagine if you were in England and you're living in the street or something there's a house in the street and kids want to go out at night. They want to play. They want to run around. They want to run into dark alleys and they could be drinkers or drug addicts or abusers something there. So the mom would tell the child, "If you go down that street, the boogeyman's going to get you." What's a boogeyman, mom? Oh, he's so tall. He's got long teeth, got long hair. His eyes are so dark. And in the night, they shine yellow. And he's got long fingers with nails that come out. And if HE GRABS YOU, his nails pierce into your skin and POKE YOUR LUNGS AND YOUR HEART, AND YOU'LL SCREAM, AND IT BURNS LIKE FIRE. AND THE KID IS BOOGEYMAN. That's a boogeyman. Right. So everything you know about Satan and the devil is a boogeyman. Men and religions did that to terrify you. &gt;&gt; You know, we got a scripture that tells us Christ came and took away the sting of death, hell, and the grave. And you still have Christians today afraid of death. and worried about going to hell. When you literally had a savior who came and released you from the grip of it &gt;&gt; where you have scripture that says, "Oh death, where is your sting? Oh grave, where is your victory?" &gt;&gt; You know, it's like it's like a sword fighter, an expert sword fighter. Have you ever seen somebody learning to fight with a sword? He fights like what is he doing? He wants to do well with his sword, but he's scared of getting hit. If you're a sword fighter and you want to win, you have to lose the fear of getting hit. &gt;&gt; You have to be willing to take a few cuts &gt;&gt; and bruises and swipes and pokes. You have to go in believing in your sword and your skill. But if you walk in like this and you try to fight, you're never even going to get a shot in. That's what people are like. So, you're a Christian at church. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. But you walk out terrified of death. What? Do you not believe that the sting of death is gone? Do you not believe there's a theophony body out there waiting for you to step into? Do you not believe that the grave has no power over me? Do we not believe that? BUT WHEN YOU LIVE YOUR LIFE AFRAID of the boogeyman, it prevents you from receiving truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. So, who he actually is? Who is who is Satan really? Who is Lucifer? We told you he's he was a fallen angel was cast down to earth became the father of lies. Lost that estate and became a spirit and his desperate. HE'S A DESPERATE spirit to try and get a state that he could live in again. He is actually a spirit bound in circumstance. He cannot move unless there's somebody to believe in him so that he could afflict and possess and take control of earth. In actual fact, if all humans on the earth say no to him, he's harmless. &gt;&gt; But every bad thing in your life, you blame the devil. No, the devil's after me, brother. The devil did this, the devil did that, the devil did. The more you do that, your children are listening to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you're you're giving strength to the boogeyman. &gt;&gt; Why? Those are the lies put into you by your previous religions, preachers, you know, whatever, even your Christian religion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What do you think the Catholic Church wants? What do you think all these churches want? They want you to fear the devil and fire and hell so bad. So you keep paying them. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You keep giving them money. They'll pray for you. They'll keep you safe. You need a boogeyman to have control over people. You you know it's like uh you know our Indian people, our Indian people are the best at being at making boogeymans. You know, like uh um they I remember they would tell um the young girls, don't go out at night with your hair open cuz the spirits will jump on you. Right? Some of you older sisters know that your parents would. In the meantime, from the east, it was bad faith for a young girl to walk out at night with their hair open because they assumed they were women of ill fame. &gt;&gt; Yes. They assumed you were a harlot. So instead of telling a young girl, you'll be seen as a harlot and at that time harlots were legitimate things and a man would come up and propose himself and say, you know what, are you open for business? So instead of telling them what the truth was, don't walk outside, the spirits will jump on you. &gt;&gt; So many things like when a when a hearse is going by, if you don't go run around and touch wood somewhere, you're going to be next. Remember all that. Touch wood. &gt;&gt; Touch wood. &gt;&gt; The spirit of lies wants you to believe in a boogeyman. Because a person who believes in a boogeyman is someone that can be controlled by fear and law. If you have fear, you can be controlled by law. That means if you frighten a child enough and tell him not to go there because there's a boogeyman there, he will not go there BECAUSE HE'S AFRAID. AND HE'LL OBEY you not out of wisdom, not out of faith, but out of fear. &gt;&gt; So he's following your law out of fear because you created an imaginary evil. Now that's what Christianity in the beginning after Christ after Ireneius after the universal church came in and created this massive boogeyman. Now we need all these forms of religion to keep us safe from the devil. You know what I can tell you right now? people in the message who will listen to what I'm telling you will fight with me that there is a terrifying scary devil out there waiting to get you and they know they see them in visions and brother Baron said this and brother Baron they're more interested in believing a fictitious devil than actually believing the truth because they like the idea of a boogeyman. The spirit of lies wants you to believe in a boogeyman. Right? And if you are someone who can be controlled by fear and law, it makes you susceptible to human leadership. You will fall prey to a pastor who can sweet talk you, a preacher who can sweet talk you. YOU WILL FALL PREY TO SOMEONE who with convincing words tell, don't worry, brother. I got you. I'm praying for you. Don't worry. That devil's not going to touch you cuz I have faith for you. Who are you? TO HAVE FAITH FOR ME. Why not give him wisdom? Why not give him truth? Why make him dependent upon you? See, so it makes you s susceptible to human leadership and you'll forsake the leadership of the Holy Spirit for human leadership. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is the craziest thing. As long as there's a boogeyman, you'll be looking to brother so and so to keep you safe. Brother so and so and his church to keep you safe other than you being a free moral agent who can walk out in the world with no fear. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; IT ALSO MAKES YOU IF you believe in a boogeyman, you also believe in organized religion. I told you there's an answer all the questions. You can blame everybody else. Why did you believe it? All right people, let's zero in. Why did you believe it? Why did you believe the lies? Because of one simple thing in human nature, fallen human nature. It's called survival. That's what it is. It's survival. Why did you believe a lie? Because you wanted to be safe. That's the reason. &gt;&gt; It's an innocent reason. A child doesn't want to go there because it wants to be safe. So, it'll it will sit down and do its homework because if it doesn't do its homework, there's going to be a boogeyman. You know, in my family, sometimes my uh siblings make me the boogeyman. If they don't do it, I'll tell brother Al, Uncle Al. I'm the boogeyman. What am I going to do? I don't have fangs and teeth and claws. But don't worry, we'll tell Uncle L. My siblings, they must wake up now. I mean, I don't do that to you guys. Eh, um, I am the worst boogeyman my kids will ever see. And And with with my kids, there's nobody more frightening than me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I I know with my boys when when they went to school and they'd have bullies and people and the teacher will shout at them teacher if they didn't do something the teacher would shout at them they just stand there and say okay thank you for letting me know how can I do this how can I put this right out and the teacher's like like I'm a failure my shouting why because no one can shout at them as bad as I do that's it they know that no one is more scarier than me. Well, now they they're grown up and they're my buddies. But back then, my voice was alpha voice. So there no teacher, no bully, no outside person, no not even the devil was scarier than me. And you know, my wife told me something when she when uh when the boys were growing up and we were discussing, we were talking about the message and the Bible. And she said to me, she said to me, "When you're growing up as a child," because she's a teacher. And she was explaining to me, she said, "Kids always need something to look at in their minds when they're about to do something wrong." And uh she said, "There's only two things your child sees. You can teach them about God, but there's mommy's face. So, she she knew that as they're growing up, she didn't even have to say much, but mommy's face with disappointment. And you can ask these guys, there's nothing that wounds them worse than mommy's disappointed face. Not even my scary voice wounds them any. They will fall down and beg at her feet if her face shows them she's I'm disappointed in you. That's how bad she she was right. She was right. There's God and mommy's face. Absolutely right. I understand the first gospel now. But here's the thing, saints. When you get trapped by a boogeyman, it is when you feel safe in religion and with rules and laws. Like you got to ask yourself, why would message people who have been brought the open book want to be under an oppressive rulership? Why would you want to submit to a pastor who is abusing you, molesting you spiritually, controlling your life, controlling your marriage, your household? Why would you do that? Because you believe he's keeping you safe. THAT'S THE ONLY REASON. THAT'S THE ONLY REASON A free moral agent would succumb. So the reason you believe all the lies is because you wanted to be safe. The reason you believe the lies about God and the devil and a lot of things in the message is because you want to feel safe. What's safety? I want to be in the rapture. Brother Al, I want to make it in the rapture. I want to be there in heaven on the other side. You know, sometimes, and I heard this because I've been in the church my whole life. I would even hear like u other brothers and sisters in the church wanting to sort their children out. They'll they'll have to say, "If you do this, I'm going to call the pastor." Now, the pastor becomes a boogeyman or I'm going to call the deacon. If you don't behave, I'm going to call Like, what is the problem with you as a parent? Why must the pastor and the deacon be the boogeyman? Why must the church be the boogeyman? Like if you do this, I'm going to bring you in front of the church and make you confess it. That's not the church is the bomb and Gilead. &gt;&gt; Why are you making the church the boogeyman? Why should your child be afraid when they stand and sit among believers and feel insecure and and afraid that people are watching them and go out there into the malls and see a brother or sister and feel like I need to hide or something? Why does a a free moral agent need to be bound like that? See, I didn't grow up like that. Maybe it's the way I am that I don't care where I am, what I am doing, and whether you see me and I got no issue telling you I'm here because of this and I'm I've got no fear for people. I've got no fear for anybody. There is no boogeyman. &gt;&gt; It's fake. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a lie. &gt;&gt; You were made to be afraid of going to hell. After we taught you the story of God and man, is there is there an ounce of a possibility of you being in hell? No. You come from him. You go back to him. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Hell is not an option. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hell does not scare me. How about a burning for eternity? It's not going to happen. Right. Uh, are you afraid of making God angry? Do you think God gets angry with you? Who told you that? Do you think you are going to fall into the devil's traps? Do you really think Satan is waiting out there setting traps for you? No. You make those traps. You chose to go that way. You made those decisions. All there is in the world is the spirit of lies that works in mankind that produces all the filth. And you choose to do this. It's, you know, what we call a copout. You understand that? You don't want to take responsibility for the choice you made. So, you blame the devil. Oh, the devil set a trap for me, brother. You know, I was going there. had good intentions. No, you knew why you were going there. You knew everything about this thing situation. Don't cop out. It's not THE DEVIL THAT TRAPPED YOU. SEE, that's what happens. And then you you come and give a testimony. The devil did this, the devil, and then you need our sympathy and we fall for it. Oh, shame. Poor guy. You know, it was bad luck. Wasn't bad luck. Was a bad choice. just own it. Bad decision of, you know, of having things. You're afraid of of having things in your house that invite the devil in. You're afraid of having things in your house that keep God out. What is there that can keep God out? H anything. He's God. He He literally has caught blanch to go wherever he pleases because he's God. He created everything. Is there something in your house that you can you can use um satanic symbols? You can I mean with the powders like all the witches and wizards of this world create, if God wants to walk in their man, there's not nothing going to stop him. &gt;&gt; Nothing. HE'S GOD. GET OVER IT. RIGHT? There's nothing CAN STOP HIM. THE ONLY WAY YOU let a devil in is by accepting a lie. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Everything in this world, see this? This is a TV. It's made by This is a TV. This is not just a screen. This is a TV. I saw it apps on there. It's got stuff on there. You saw that? It's here in our place of worship. Is it you? You you know all the spiritual message people. Oh, it's created by the devil. So is this. So is this. So is the phone. So is the guitar. So is the piano. It's all created by people who were influenced by something else. So how many things are you going to stay away from? H was your house built by sanctified people? Were your carpets laid by sanctified people? Was the tiling in your bathroom done by sanctified people? Were the taps that you drink from made by sanctified people? So the devil is in everything. Then here we are using this thing which we call a TV to project the message from. You know some people know brother Alistister you know what you must do you must get rid of this thing put a projector screen here and use a projector. This is evil. Brother man said legalist brother said he blow it up with a shotgun. Man, you better buy some shotgun shells. You need a lot to blow up everywhere you go. Boogeyman. See, I'm sorry to say it this way. That was all a massive pile of man-made garbage. It is time for you to break loose from your self-made prison of false security and let the light come shining in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I tell you, when you get rid of that boogeyman, you become the lightest person, free, stressfree, right? You don't have to worry about things and stress about things and hurt yourself in the process. and then blame the devil. Okay. So, what does brother Brandham say about the devil? What does the prophet say about the devil? That's where we're going to first. Some legalists will say about brother Al. Brother Brandham said the devil is a person. That means what does person mean to you? Does that mean he's real flesh and blood? So, is the Holy Spirit a person? Do you see the Holy Spirit walking around in his own designated body? Why do you want the devil to be a person that is scary? &gt;&gt; Because you want to be safe from him. You want your fear to be something that you can see and identify and run away from. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; scaredy-cat. You have the Holy Spirit and you run away from things. Walk at it. FACE IT. THAT'S WHAT we need with sons and daughters of God. We need to face our fears. Look at what brother says. The devil is a believer. &gt;&gt; 1953. Well, not just 953. So he's the Bible says he says the Bible says he believes and trembles. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So he says he's a believer. He of course he was created an angel. He he actually BELIEVES GOD'S WORD. YOU COULD SAY THIS way more than other people believe &gt;&gt; because he knows. Think about it. When Christ came and and those devils WERE SAYING TO CHRIST, JESUS, THOU SON OF GOD, &gt;&gt; WHY ARE YOU TORMENTING US? THE DEVILS believe Christ was a son of God and the people he came to wouldn't believe it. &gt;&gt; Therefore, he said he's a believer, &gt;&gt; right? Number two, he's a perverter, not a creator. He cannot create. 956. Number three, he's a tormentor to decrease your three score and 10. He uses this uh statement. I think it's in demonology where he's speaking about the physical realm and he's talking about illnesses and disease. Uh he says the devil is a great powerful force, but he's under the power of God. HE'S A GREAT POWERFUL FORCE, BUT HE'S UNDER GOD'S SUBJECTION. There's no way he can come above God's subjection. That means if you have the word, what power does the devil have over you? Because he's under God. Doesn't matter how great a force he is. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um this is not just one place but uh number five, brother M said the devil is a spirit not a biting creature. Now let me explain. There was somebody who um I can't remember this the story all the specifics of the story but uh you know the great evangelist aa Allen the Ram speaks about him he wrote a book uh and in there he was um recounting some story so there was a woman or I don't know if a Allen wrote the book I think to my if my memory is certainly correct brother M was kind of saying that it may not have been a a Allen who wrote the book, but people were speaking against him for saying this. It could have been somebody else. Anyway, that's that's the that's not re really the story. The story is there was a woman who was uh claiming that there was a devil afflicting her and it was biting her, leaving bite marks on her body. Brother Madam said the devil is a spirit and does not do that. I could tell you what what was probably happening with that woman, but we have kids present, right? I don't want to threaten them with the real boogeyman of this world. Those could have been self-inflicted wounds or something someone else was doing. And because she was in trauma, she accepted the lie of the boogeyman. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's easier to do that and blame the devil than to admit that something else is happening in your life. And brother Vanom calls it out and said, "The devil is a spirit, not a biting creature." &gt;&gt; So I'm telling you, I didn't make this up, right? &gt;&gt; Okay. Number six, he says, this is where he said, "The devil is a person, not just an evil thought." Because at that time there were some Christians and people were saying the devil is just an evil thought that comes into your head that's a devil right no brother said he is a person in other words there is a personality to it right um so I put them two together a spirit in one place he says he's a spirit the other place he's a person so how can he be two different things right because people will say he's a person he's a physical being that's under the ground because brother Mam said he's a person. He's down there in the depths of the caverns in the caves of the earth hiding IN THE DARKNESS OF FIRE. You know, humans really want to be scary for some reason. Why not just be good? Why not be nice? You know, except to deal with children. A person, the devil is a person. The devil is a spirit. Brother Rem says this in Greatest Battle 1962. He has no hoofs and a tail, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, you agree? I brother Al didn't just make all these things up, right? It's in the message. He says the devil is a deceiver in the message things that are to be. He says the devil is a squatter who doesn't legally own anything. Oh, if children of God could take that. I love this. He's a vulture feeding on his own kingdom. That's powerful. You know, in other words, the the very people that the spirit of lies traps, the devil is feeding on them, right? In in other words, like, you know, like a king who's abusing his own subjects. It's terrible, right? And lastly, I mean, there's more. I just chose 11. a liar. Even when he comes with any light, it's a lie. There it is. So, anything you want to know about the devil, this is really it, right? And when you look at all this, it's really not that scary when you have the word of God. &gt;&gt; When you have the truth, every single thing that you see there just does not make you afraid. &gt;&gt; Right? So um knowing all this, what I want to do next is to help us identify if we can use what brother did to identify what the devil is. Right? The next thing we've got to do is identify the spirit of God because there are going to be many people who will come and try to to project to you what God is in different forms. And this is another problem, right? Because in churches, Pentecostal denominational message churches, they are uh telling you things like this is God. Man, there sometimes I hear things just want to make make me want to cry to hear people that are so bound in these things, you know? It's like um I've watched people and I and I just know I'm I'm sitting there listening to them and in my mind I I know you're a fraud, you know, when I hear them say, "Hold on. There's a presence here." Did you feel that? Did you feel that? Did you Did you see what happened right there? Oh, I just know you are a psychopath, my friend, and you are not getting me. Like, did you feel that something happened right now? Right now. There are some people who have a genuine gift and will drop down, but it will come with humility. That's the test. It comes with humility and they'll either walk out of the room and come and call you aside and tell you, "Hey, brother, the Lord told me something and I got to tell it to you. It's in my heart right now." You can you can see there's no uh bragging. There's no trying to take control of people or control room. There's no um uh uh pride because there's with the true spirit of God, there's humility in it. There's a lamblike nature. There's no reason to dominate a situation. So, let's identify the spirit of God, right? So, it's so easy for us it's it's actually easy for us to identify the spirit of lies in this world. I can do exercises with you and tell you when you go to um uh those of you who will go and buy some KFC after the service right for lunch uh and uh you go there and I ask you as you go in tell me everything you see there that is lies and really look at it you're going to find it in the advertising go look at it for longer then think of What in that advertising is making you feel like I need this right now? I have to have it. That's a devil. That's a devil. Because they're using everything in a way of propaganda. The picture is wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you know? Do you know like on your advertisements like even in your your Willies Wilwards catalog and you see there you see a steak and it's got these black marks on it and it's juicy and it's actually a raw steak. They poured oil over it. They took a hot stick with bars on it and burnt it and then took a picture. It's actually a disgusting raw steak, uncooked. And then they put some nice stuff around it to take the picture for the advertisement. And then you when you look at that and you think, "Oh, honey, go buy it. We got to make this." It never comes out like that. &gt;&gt; It never looks like that. You imagine the taste. You imagine it on your plate. You imagine what it feels like going down. You imagine the satisfaction. It was all a lie. They lied from the inception on the picture. It was a raw, DISGUSTING, PROBABLY STALE STEAK. It may not even have been any steak. It could even have been a prop &gt;&gt; plastic. That's right. &gt;&gt; That's how much of lies there is out there in the world today. Ask I pity any of you people who work in advertising cuz you know what? You're working with the devil. Sorry. You know how much of lies you have to put out in the public, right? You know, on all those labels they put on water bottles and all those things. They tell you what this contains and that contains. You know how many lies there are in there? And you look, you stand there. I love it when I see how people stand there in front of the store reading all this important like you understand everything. H so many mills you have sodium bio blah blah blah blah. Sounds good. They must know their stuff and you know your stuff. So, we're all good. And you go there and take the stuff and then you're killing your liver and your kidneys with all these things you don't even know. YOU'RE ABUSING SOMETHING YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT. But you accepted the lie. So we we can go in this world. What I'm trying to say to you, the devil is more visible in this world than God is. The only places that are hardest to see the devil are actually in churches because people assume everything in the church is holy. And here's the truth. Churches are where the level five demons are. The biggest lie. And I'm not telling you something that's not biblical. Yeah, &gt;&gt; the serpent was in the garden of Eden right next to the tree of life, &gt;&gt; right? You can identify where you can find, you know, the spirit of truth today. You you can't really identify it anywhere in civilization, right? Can you identify in the world where you can see God, where you can see truth? Tell me where in school, university, work, your neighbors. Where can you tell me you can see absolute truth in the world today? It's so hard to find, right? The only places that are hardest to see lies is in the church. And why is that? Because that's where the enemy needs to have the greatest lies. Okay? So remember, anything that has the spirit of truth in this world reflects who God is. Are you with us? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There are only two places you will ever find truth in this world. And that is in nature and the word of God. Nothing else. That's the reason it's so hard today because 99.9% of the things you come in contact with is lies. &gt;&gt; Small percent is actually true. &gt;&gt; See and and you can see the way you are you are programmed like if you leave the service today. Okay, we we came into to the to the church today. You drove by these beautiful trees, birds. You don't notice them. You don't even look at them anymore. You may you are afraid of beautiful insects. You see a grasshoppen. And yet that's more God than anything you will ever see made by man. You actually recoil from nature and yet there's more God to be seen in there than anything created by man. &gt;&gt; You drove here today and you barely noticed nature. If you grew up in my family, you would have stopped to look at a bird. The brother Clive was telling how frustrated he was with me, you know, bird watching. But why? Because we grew up understanding that in nature you see God, in the word you see God. Uh but with kids today, they are going to tend towards technology and everything man-made and never even grow up knowing a single bird's name or the name of other creatures. I had I had books in my shelf when I was a teenager to learn how to identify different species of grass and flowers and insects. You guys will grow up never even knowing there's many different types of grass. You won't know their names. How many of you know what's elephant grass and that it's so sharp it'll slice through your skin? And we get it here in Africa. And um um sugar cane. Did you know sugarcane is a type of grass? Young people, did you know it's when you eat sugarcane, it's it's grass? Yeah. It's just a whole lot of grass that hardened up into a stem and a stalk. There's so many things in this world that that shows you things. That's truth. It has God IN IT AND YOU DON'T WANT TO look at it. There are only imagine as saints there are only two place two places in the world you will find God today easily available nature and the word of God and we go and mess it all up. We mess up nature. We mess up the ocean, the forest, the land, the air. This is unbelievable. and we're supposed to be Adam H. can see how far we've fallen. So, I'm going to say this respectfully, as respectfully as I can. The word of God of the past was the Bible. The word in the Bible is the absolute truth and its principles and its spirit. The principles of everything in the written word and the spirit in the written word will go on for eternity. But everything written in the Bible was the word of God for the past. Right? There is no doubt about that. But because times and civilizations change, the practical things and the ways of worship are no longer the same. You cannot live by exactly what the Bible says in today's life because life is different. Right? The church in Irenius's time had its own truth and uh it was applicable for their day. the the the people in Luther's day had their truth that God revealed to them for their day and it was applicable for their day. Are you with us? &gt;&gt; The people in Irene's day could not live by the truth for our day. It would kill them. They were not ready for it. Are you with us? Amen. &gt;&gt; I you know I want to I want to explain that to you to make you understand a little bit more about God and about truth. You've heard it said in the Bible no man can look at God he'll and and live. No man could see God and live. You understand that right? Let me explain this to you. Do you know what it is like to give a human truth? absolute truth. He might kill himself with it. He might die. Let's make you understand that in a human way. You think you can just go and confess some kind of truth to someone. Are you aware that they can handle that truth? Do you know what you're doing? Do you know what you're doing when you tell someone? You've got to know that someone can actually handle the truth. Let me give you an example. You and I give you probably the most terrible example. You know, you're about to go and tell someone that the person they love the most has passed away. How do you do it? How do you do it? You know what's the truth? Hey, listen. Your husband just died. They'll have a crashing meltdown in front of you and probably hate you for the rest of their life. So, in other words, you're going to find a way to prepare them to receive the truth. Agreed? &gt;&gt; Because just coming out and bringing the truth is going to crush them. It might kill them. You come out and say that to like somebody and they might have a heart attack, literally get killed by the truth. &gt;&gt; Do you understand me? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. Humans are living in a condition where they can barely even handle truth and you have to you have to prepare them to receive it. Can you imagine telling Ireanius the truth of this day? They are not prepared to they'll kill themselves by it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so it is with every other day. The message is the place where you find full present tense truth for today. &gt;&gt; Young people, those of you who want to get baptized, listen up. The message is the only place today you will find full present tense truth that there is on earth today. And then more of it is going to be found in the saints who believe the truth. More is going to be revealed through the saints who believe the truth. Now you know from those of you who even try and tell this message to people, they are not even prepared to hear it. And if YOU JUST GO AND TELL THEM something and they're not prepared, you hurt them. You can kill them. Like for example, somebody who is really bound in sin, really done something wrong, really backsliden. That's not the place to start by telling them actually what you've done, you know, and and bring out the word and show them how much condemnation. You don't want to start there even though it's the truth. You want to start with a place where they can handle the truth. Agreed? &gt;&gt; So it is a thing in this message. One of the ways we know that it is truth is that are you listening? &gt;&gt; Amen. How do you know in this world when something is true? Think about it. How do you know when something is actually the truth? When it is the most rejected thing. &gt;&gt; Why? Because I already told you people want to believe more in a boogeyman. When something is the truth, it is the most rejected thing, right? The most persecuted thing, the most hated of all beliefs. Even in Christianity, this message is still and going to be the most rejected and most hated thing among Christians today. Do you know that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nobody in the world is all going to get together and hate the Catholics. They're already starting to love them more. &gt;&gt; Nobody's going to get together and all hate the Mormons or all hate even the Amish people or all Nobody's going to do that. But why? Because everybody's used to a boogeyman of some kind and nobody's willing to listen to the truth. Everybody say, you know, it's okay. You can you can dress like this. You can you can have this hanging on your life. You can believe this. You can do that. And you can come to our church. Don't worry. GOD IS LOVE. GOD IS WITH US. YOU KNOW, HE'S OKAY with this situation. He's okay with no. But if you tell them the truth, uh, this is too much for me. I'm leaving this church. Am I right? They're not going to accept it because nobody wants the truth. They say they do, but when you tell them, they don't like it. So when you present actual truth to them, it's going to be rejected. It's going to be hated. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; So when you see anything done in God's name that is being violently and viferously rejected, you know that all hell is against it. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; Okay, think of it that in today's spiritual environment, people are actually desiring to turn back to God. There are so many people. There are You read in the news, you read in newspapers, you read in magazines. Well, I don't think many of you young people read much anymore except on your phones, but I suppose you'd see it there on YouTube and whatever. There are all these celebrities looking for God now, right? They spent their lives high in another spirit. Now they're looking for the Holy Spirit suddenly. What's happening? Many of these fellows who enjoyed their youth in their 30s and 40s, you know, just philandering, fornicating, adulterating, all of that, drinking, smoking. Now, suddenly they reach 50, 60, and realizing, hey, I'm getting old. What's going to happen? Death is coming. I need God help. But they still want a God that's convenient, right? So, they're going to go to a church where they don't preach long like brother Al, right? They want it must be like a 15-minute sermon. The people must not be uncultured. They must be able to fit, you know, my security detail, my uh family, the way I they must treat me like royalty when I come in. They want a convenient God. Today's spiritual environment. The thing is, what still points out is like what Paul says, the fact that you know that you are supposed to do something good and you're not doing it is you're proving it to be the truth. &gt;&gt; You're saying the law is good. The fact that you don't want to do that and go ahead and do it anyway, you are proving the law to be truth. So in today's environment where people are desiring to turn back to God but in the desire and here's the problem right are you with ME WHILE DESIRING God there's another desire that's driving them what is it the desire to feel safe. So when you're desiring God but you also have the desire to feel safe you are going to move towards a lie about God. You are going to a false doctrine. You are going to a false belief. You are going to a false Christian belief because you're COMBINING THE DESIRE FOR God with the desire to feel safe. That's a problem. You're going to accept the boogeyman. So, how can you identify the spirit of truth today? How can you know when God is speaking to you and it's not a lie? The legalist will will say, "Well, brother, it must tie up with THE BIBLE. THAT'S HOW I will know it's the truth. Do you know that the enemy has more experience with the Bible than you? &gt;&gt; More experience than you have even lived on earth. You think you just came into the message and you've been reading your Bible for 10 years and suddenly you can check it up with the word. Huh? This guy has has experience with man from before your great great great great grandfather was born. He already knows how you think. It's already genetically encoded in you. The boogeyman came pre-programmed. YOU CAME OUT AS A LITTLE BABY not even KNOWING THE WORLD ALREADY TERRIFIED. You know little babies when they're in the mom's womb and they're growing and sometimes when someone bangs a door they jump. How do they get the fear in in them? Because they learned it from mom. because mom jumped. Yeah. And then every time a door bangs, they now jump because they're learning. They're actually picking up fear from her while they're there. And then they come out in the out of the womb. They're born. They're little cute little smelling little aliens. And then the door bangs AND AH TERRIFIED. And they must hugged and cuddled and soothed. And where did the fear come from? It's already programmed into you. YOU GOT USED to a boogeyman before you even knew how to spell it. I'm trying to make it as real as possible. So you legalist brothers who come and tell me TIE UP WITH THE BIBLE. WHY DO YOU WANT IT TIE UP WITH THE BIBLE? BECAUSE YOU'RE AFRAID. You're afraid to be wrong. You want to be safe. WHY MUST IT TIE UP WITH THE BIBLE? WHY MUST YOU HAVE TO GO BACK TO THE BIBLE AND check it up? WHY CAN YOU NOT HAVE THE HOLY SPIRIT to know? You're supposed to be at a place where in Hebrews 5 where you are those who are eating strong meat who have your senses exercised to know both good and evil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But no, listen, it's good practice when you're a young person growing up in the message. Check it up with the word. You know what that means, right? You don't have to physically go. If you have to go and check up everything everybody says in the Bible, you need like 5,000 years to live here. Stop making that excuse. &gt;&gt; You need the author. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Because the author is going to tell you that doesn't sound right. That's the truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; That doesn't sound right. Amen. So this legalistic idea of you'll know what's true. Listen, come on, STOP IT. THERE'S SO MANY PEOPLE who take lies by checking it up with the Bible. The preacher will will preach something at you and in it is a subtle perfumed crafted lie and it fits with something in the Bible and you accept it and swallow it whole but you believe it because you checked it up with the Bible. So &gt;&gt; because I've been preaching this message for 25 years, &gt;&gt; saints &gt;&gt; and and it feels like many times you're you're hitting a brick wall with people like you just can't get through. Have you had those moments? &gt;&gt; You just can't get through. You got the saying we can't drill through the wood, right? So do you know the enemy has more experience with the Bible? Brother man tells you that. Do you know that anything anything in the message can be manipulated by a white horse rider? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; To tie up with the Bible. You can make anything tie up with the Bible. You can count seven things here and suddenly you're excited. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Because it's seven. &gt;&gt; Did you notice why WHY BROTHER AL WAS PREACHING THERE were seven screws there on the pulpit? Hallelujah. Seven. I want to throw up sometimes what exactly does tie up with the Bible even mean? Must it say word for word? If some brother preaches and he preaches with the inspiration of the Holy Spirit because he said something that brother Barham does not exactly say that way, you say, "I don't believe it." Right there, you just lied. You just proved it to be true. Why are you rejecting it? Because brother Baron didn't say it exactly the same way. Inside your heart, you recognize there's something to what he's saying, but I must not believe it because I was told not to to believe anything that brother in a minute. You actually said it's true. All that nonsense you just made up in your head. You just affirmed what he said and you just don't realize it. You know, when you're speaking to a person and you're not even talking about the message, you're not even talking about God. You're telling them something and they tell you, "I can't believe that." They're telling you, "I believe that, but I don't want to accept it." &gt;&gt; You understand? Think deeper. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; When someone tells you, "I can't believe that." That means I believe you, but I don't want to accept it. My work is done then. So long as you believe it, I'm good with that. So unless you're preaching, your preaching is just finding new ways to repeat the same old same old all over again, same sermons over and over, you're never going to get it right. You have to have the Holy Spirit to know the spirit of truth. There is no way from all the nonsense I just told you about what the world is. And what I'm saying to you is you don't have the individual capacity to recognize truth unless the Holy Spirit is in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And where do you get that from? From the word for your day. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Even having the baptism of the Holy Ghost only goes a distance. Many have the Holy Ghost, disbelieve, and fall away. Right? You have to have the spirit of truth in you to know the truth. So there has to be an inner change that takes place within you that can make you become able to identify the truth and discern both truth and lies. Now watch the scripture right we're going to read. It is the only scripture of its kind in the Bible. It tells you what your problem is and what to do to remedy it. You don't get many scriptures like that. Okay. This is Ephesians chapter 4:23. Are you still with me? &gt;&gt; Okay. Be prepared to be mesmerized. Paul is saying, "Be renewed in the spirit of your mind." We can take that and preach series. RENEWED IN THE SPIRIT OF YOUR MIND. HALLELUJAH. WHY? AND THAT YOU PUT ON THE NEW MAN WHICH AFTER God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Right? Now it tells you that your mind has to be renewed. Why must your mind be renewed? Obviously your mind had a problem. Okay. What is a change of mind? That's what repentance is. It also says the spirit of your mind. It doesn't be renewed in the spirit of your mind. It doesn't say be renewed in your mind's spirit. What does it mean the spirit of your mind? The nature of your mind. Same Greek word numa but in this case it's meaning nature the nature of your mind like for example if I say the spirit of your foot the spirit of your hand the spirit of your eye it's not like each member of your body has a separate spirit you're talking about the nature of it right like the spirit of your foot is to walk slightly tilted that way we're saying the nature of it is doing that are you with me &gt;&gt; the spirit of your Right? And then in this in this case it means the nature in verse 18 which you which I didn't include here. So go back home and read from verse 18. Verse 18 is telling you the condition of Gentiles was that listen their understanding is darkened being alienated from the life of God through ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart. Got it? This is so true. Why are humans ignorant of God? Because they've accepted the boogeyman, the lie of the enemy, and they lived with a mind of ignorance, alienated from the truth. Now, what is amazing is HE TELLS YOU HOW TO start making a change to be renewed in the spirit of your mind. OF ALL THE THINGS TO tell you, he says, "Put away lying. Speak every man truth." He didn't say go to an altar call. &gt;&gt; He didn't say go scream at the altar and have the anointing come down on you. How do you be renewed in the spirit? The nature of your mind must be renewed. How? &gt;&gt; Put away lying. &gt;&gt; Speak truth every man with his neighbor. For we are members. This is what I'm saying. IT'S IT'S THE ONLY SCRIPTURE OF ITS KIND THAT TELLS YOU THERE'S a problem, there's a solution. &gt;&gt; Amen. How do you change a human mind? Put away lying. &gt;&gt; Incredible, isn't it? &gt;&gt; You know, I've had this impression with me from the time I'm a child. And really, I could I could deal with uh people who curse at me, swear at me, fight with me, you know, uh people who are drug addicts, drunkards. I've had friends who were everything in school, growing up, some in the message. But there's only one person I cannot stand, and that's a liar. My kids know it. I can bypass anything. Do not lie to me. Do not lie to me. That's just me. And I'm going to live my best in my life, not lying to you. To always tell you the truth. This the person you cannot trust is a liar. The person you cannot um u uh trust with anything is somebody who does not deal honestly with you. The reason why you get offended with people is because they are not dealing truthfully with you. You can actually take a punch in the face. You'll heal from that. You won't heal from a lie. There is no point attempting to read the message, study the scripture, learn the mysteries, preach the mysteries, talk about the Holy Ghost, talk about the seals being opened, and still speaking lies to your brothers. What is showing is not being renewed in the spirit of your mind. the nature. So if your mind is not renewed, you are going to perceive everything from that way. You you got it. Young people, young children, I cannot tell you how important it is as a child to just tell the truth. You are make you are going to make yourself live a happy life in the future. Just tell the truth. Nothing good comes from telling lies. Everything bad comes from telling lies. Just tell the truth. You become more honest. People like you more. You get good friends. Whenever you tell the truth, you get good friends. You don't get friends who who use you who will later need you for money or need you to hop in a car to go do something bad with them. IF YOU ALWAYS TELL the truth, they'll say, "No, we don't want that guy to come with us. He'll tell on us cuz he always tell the truth. I can tell you no one none of my friends wanted me in their car when they were about to go do something. I got it many times because I there were times in school I would say okay guys I'm now going to tell the principal what WE DID LIKE A GUY. I'M SORRY I'm not I'm going to tell him otherwise you and I are going to get in trouble. We are all going to get in trouble and then this is going to go down on our testimonials. When we finished school, all these fellas came and thanked me. Don't be afraid to tell the truth. And this story about I don't snitch. I don't rat. I don't tell. Tell the truth. Don't sit with rats. You don't deserve rats for friends. Rats are not people who snitch on other people. Rats are people who live in the sewers who walk around in dumps and eat garbage. &gt;&gt; Okay? Tell the truth, young people. You want to be baptized. You want to repent. You want to repent a renewal of your mind. Pledge to God that you will tell the truth. You will abide by the truth. You will believe the truth. I don't want to hear about you repenting from bad habits and things. YOU'RE ALWAYS GOING TO HAVE BAD HABITS EVEN after you baptized. I want to know that you are pledging to God to live truthfully with him to live honestly with him to hold yourself accountable for the things that you will do wrong to always walk in the light. That's that's why I want to be baptized. You cannot be baptized and then live a lie. You are defeating yourself. Let's go to just to show you something, right? Let's go to living righteously yet ignorant of the word. Romans 2:11, for there is no respect of persons with God. For as many as have sinned without the law shall also perish without the law. But as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law. That's common sense. Now listen. For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law are justified. SO IT'S NO point you just hearing the message and then you're justified. No, you have to be a doer of the message, right? But watch this. For when the Gentiles Do I got to move? Yeah. When the Gentiles which don't have the law do by nature the things contained in the law that means they don't know the standards of the message but they actually live by it somehow by what is contained in the law. These who don't know the word but live by the word become a law unto themselves. I'm going to explain what that means. Which shows the work of the law written in their hearts. their conscience also bearing witness their thoughts the meanwhile accusing or else excusing one another. So let me explain this. The scripture is telling us that are you with me? People of the world can live righteously as if they are following the law of God and yet they are ignorant that the good they are doing is actually from the law of God. What am I saying? And this is one of the contentions I have with these people who teach the Holy Ghost falsely, who teach the word falsely, right? Only it's like only message people uh who do wrong things, they cannot solve their problems without the Holy Ghost anointing falling on them. There's no other way. BUT THE BUDDHIST monk who doesn't have the Holy Ghost, does not drink, smoke, fornicate. How does he do it without the Holy Ghost? What's your problem? Why must the Holy Ghost be used as a wand, a magic wand for you? Why can't you live circumspectly? There are people out there of other religions who won't drink, won't smoke, won't do drugs, won't fornicate, won't commit adultery. They do what is in the law without knowing the law. And according to God, THEY ARE JUSTIFIED BY THEIR doing even though they don't know it. And what it says in verse 15 there is actually saying because they keep the law without even knowing the law, THEY ARE JUSTIFIED BY IT. THEY ACTUALLY become a judge. They become a law UNTO THEMSELVES BECAUSE THEY ARE DOING SOMETHING. They are being good moral people. They can literally within themselves judge other people for not living the same way they do. They also judge and they excuse one another. Which means they can grant mercy and judgment because they are living a law which they don't even know. &gt;&gt; But you who hear the law and don't do it. And you want a MAGIC WARN ANOINTING. HOLY GHOST, take it away from me, Lord. But I still want to do it. You see, this is the problem. So, what are we saying? People can live righteously and yet ignorant of the truth. You agree? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Verse 13 is the frightening part which tells you that people are not justified from sin just because you heard the word. people are justified by doing the word. Right? So it means that God acknowledges when any believer or non-believer lives righteously. A non-believer of the message, a non-Christian who lives a good righteous life will find mercy with God at the white throne judgment and receive eternal life. That's the Bible. This is the thing most religions and people all over the world don't know about what Christianity actually is. For God so loved the world, he came to his only son, gave his only son uh for the remission of sins, right? And and and people will find mercy in the world by simply even living the law of Christ without even knowing it. They can learn it from us. They can learn it from you. They can patent themselves off to you. They can just be people who live morally and righteously and they will find grace when people live righteously. But there is a catch. There is a problem. It's coming up. Right? The point I'm trying to make is that living righteously is not proof that you have truth. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; you got it. &gt;&gt; Okay. uh you or it's not even proof that you know the spirit of truth because you literally see good people out there living moral righteous lives doing good. They give more to the poor than you do. They give charities more than you do. They form more societies to help uh what do you call these things? Programs to help societies more than you do. God will bless them for that. They feed the poor. They take care of the widows. They take care of the orphans. God will bless that and reward them for it. But when people live righteously by their own will, here's the problem because this is where it leads to. When you live righteously by your own will, you eventually feel justified in judging others. It's human nature. If I can do it, why can't you? Therefore, I am good. you are bad. With Christ, we don't do that. When we have the truth, we we're like, we are all sinners saved by grace. I cannot judge you. It is he that judges. When you hear the word, believe the word, you don't judge like they do. People who believe the truth, and even have the spirit of truth living in them have a far greater struggle to live righteously. Do you know that? So what did Romans 7 tell us? Romans 7, go read the whole thing. Before I knew the law, I was free. BUT WHEN I HEARD THE WORD, I I became a prisoner. That's when all my trouble started. Okay? So it is saints. People, this is what I want to tell you. Because you're in the message, you are going to have a harder time than people out there. Because people out there don't know. They don't care that they're doing wrong because you know the word has the the revelation of this day has highlighted to you what is wrong. You have a responsibility to it. You are going to have a harder time living it. Are you with me? So let's prove that people who believe the truth even have the spirit of truth in them have a harder time. And it's quite a paradox. It is the paradox that many message preachers and people fail to understand. Everyone in the message has this group think that if you believe the message, you are supposed to live a perfect life without any struggle and you are not even supposed to have an inward struggle. False. They're controlling you. Everything brother tells us is when you receive the Holy Ghost, that's when your struggle starts. Okay, so that's where we get to with the white dog and the black dog. Okay, are you still with us? All right, let's go to this quote. Now, before we read the quote, I'm going to explain something to you. There's a story the prophet was telling us in this message actually in question and answers part four. And to let you know, this story came about because of a question about Romans 7. Okay. So what happened was brother Billy Paul was in charge of the prayer cards. Uh he was in this camp meeting. They they had this tent meeting and brother Billy Paul's brother Ram told him go and give out prayer cards to those but make sure you give it to those who are really in a bad state. There must be people who are like almost dying or really in a bad make sure you give them preference. And he goes around walking and and brother Billy Paul sees this this native red Indian man sitting there got a cap on and a feather in his cap. and he's sitting on the floor in the tent and he's and uh brother Billy walks by him and he's he's looking for people and this man is just standing he's just sitting there and and and looking and then brother brother Billy comes to him and says to him hey chief how you doing he says I'm sick and he says yeah but what's wrong with you I'm sick very sick and he said okay but what is the problem do you have some disease I'm sick And he says, "Uh, but I really like to know what the problem is, you know, because he's worrying now. What do I do? Do I give him a card? I am sick. Very, very sick." Okay. He walks on, he gives out more cards and whatever. And he comes back speak to the chief. Same thing. I'm sick. So that's where he gets to. And then he said, "Somebody told me he had done one time was converted, received the Holy Ghost." And he said to him, "Uh, how you getting along?" So he said pretty good and pretty bad. So here's this Indian chief talking now to brother Billy Paul. How you getting along? Like in other words, brother Billy Paul heard this Indian chief had come to the the word, come to the meetings. He became a Christian. He converted. He received the Holy Ghost. But now he come back and he's sick. And then he said to him, "So how you getting along?" In other words, how you doing since you became a Christian? It's pretty good and pretty bad. He said, "Well, how do you mean pretty good and pretty bad?" Now, here it is. Well, since me received the Holy Ghost, he said, "There's been two dogs in me. One that one of them a black dog, one of them a white dog since I received the Holy Ghost." and said, "They argue all the time. They growl and fight at one another and said, "The white dog wants me to do good. The black dog wants me to do bad." He's just speaking Romans 7 in another way. Right? And said, "Well, chief, which one of them wins?" The chief says, "That depends on which one chief feeds the most. So I think that's a good answer. Brother Barham said that just depends on the waring of the body of the body INSIDE YOU. IT DEPENDS on which one you cater to. Which nature you cater to? The carnal nature after things of the world or the spiritual nature after the things of God. Saints, this is the story of the black dog and the white dog. So when the chief was asked, "How are you doing? I'm sick. Very, very sick. He actually had no human disease. He was talking about a spiritual mind sickness. This was bothering him that I received the Holy Ghost and yet now I'm having the biggest struggle inside me. Turmoil, &gt;&gt; TWO DOGS FIGHTING. WHICH ONE WINS? The one I feed the most. That's the greatest honesty you could ever have. &gt;&gt; Isn't that incredible? &gt;&gt; Amen. For those people who are preaching the Holy Ghost is the remedy or the solution for all your problems. Here is it in the message that when you get the Holy Ghost the two dogs start fighting. You all know that in Cood he implies that if you you remember the other quote in COD if you thought you were in a battle wait till you get the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; because when you get the Holy Ghost you become the target of the enemy. This is a quote. Every gun is trained on you. Right? So, the prophet was astounded at the chief's description of the inward struggle of a believer. He described it as two dogs fighting. I like that they're arguing all the time. Sunday school, you remember what I told you? The two voices. When you want to do something, something tells you you know what's the right thing to do. And there's another voice says, "But you can do it. Come on. It's going to be fun." H you going to listen to? But you know, if I do the right thing, mommy's probably going to give me a present, a treat, something. But somehow mommy's treat is not as good as the fun, right? But the fun's going to get you in trouble. It's going to make people think, "Oh, this is the kind of person you are. This is the kind of what must be the kind of parents you have. What must be the kind of church you come from? It doesn't just stop with you when you listen to that other voice. And this is not only for children. Clearly here you have a man who came and was converted and received the Holy Ghost and confessing there are two dogs fighting inside. I love that. I love it when when people in the message come to me and say, "Brother L, I'm having such a hard time. I know what I'm supposed to do. I'm having a problem with this." And I love that. To me, that's like, "Let's work it out, brother. You know, this is how you can actually deal with people." The prophet himself really applauded that answer. He said, "Well, that's a good answer here." Are you still with me? So I want to get to the part the prophet says catering to. Okay, catering today is not feeding people biryani. Okay, catering in English implies to serving, entertaining, sustaining and basically keeping something alive. Okay, keeping something satisfied. To cater to something means to keep it satisfied. All right? To cater to an addiction means to keep it satisfied. To cater to a person means to keep them satisfied. Catering to your boss, catering to somebody in your life, it's keeping them satisfied. You're going over the top to do something to keep them satisfied, to keep them engaged. Okay? Because living under lies feels safer, right? This is a problem for human beings. The question is why would a person in the message cater to nickelotinism or organized religion? Why would a person who's received the message of the hour through the prophet go right back to a church where you are living by organized religion and controlled by another human being? Why would you DO THAT? WHY WOULD YOU ACCEPT NICKELONISM? WHY WOULD YOU INSIST on living under lies instead of being free under the truth? Because living under lies is safer. Living under lies is safer because the accountability is taken away from you and placed with somebody else. You don't have to be held accountable because it's safer to let someone else be held accountable. That's the gospel that's being preached now in the message and in Christian churches. Don't worry, you're okay. You're safe here with us. You don't realize nickelanism is going to lead you to a very dark place where you can't come out of. I could take dozens of types in the scripture to show you from the types and shadows of Abraham to Moses to Joshua to David and on and on. You will see that all true believers had to go beyond what looked safe to achieve the purpose of God. They had to go beyond reasoning. They had to even go beyond the preaching and teaching of their day TO GO BEYOND. THEY HAD TO ACTUALLY BELIEVE IN something that was not revealed to the other ministries. Do you get what I'm saying? What is the prophet telling us to to today? When we hear the prophet's message and he brings to us the seven seals, it's beyond what Pentecost taught. It's beyond what the what the Bible showed. It's beyond what I Martin and everyone else showed. The revelation of the seven seals went beyond all of that. For us to overcome in this day, we've got to believe something that goes beyond what the public or the crowd is taking and it's not safe. Why do people reject the opening of the seventh seal? Cuz they don't feel safe. That's the that's the prime REASON BECAUSE IF I believe in the opening of the seventh seal, I might miss his coming. So it's rather uh rather not miss his coming rather stay safe with what everyone is believing cuz it's it feels safer there. What if we believe this and we're wrong and we miss his coming? HOW ARE YOU GOING TO MISS HIS COMING BY BELIEVING in the opening of the SEVENTH SEAL? YOU'RE ACTUALLY believing in his coming in a different way to other people. You're still living the right life. You're still believing God. You're still worshiping God. If Christ comes whatever way HE CHOOSES, YOU'RE STILL GOING TO BE THERE. &gt;&gt; NO, let's be safe. So, it requires believing the truth for your day. Moses, Joshua, David, all of them, for them to achieve the purpose of God in their day, they had to believe the word for their day. &gt;&gt; Are you with us? Okay, let's draw down to a close the spirit of lies in the message. Not a subject you really want to talk about. You have to know that the greatest lies have always been in the very presence of God's people. Agreed? Where there was a Moses, there was a Janice and Jambas. There was a Kora, David, and Abram. Where there was a Micaiah, there was a Zedekiah and 400 prophets. Where there was a Jesus, there was a Judas sitting right next to him. Right? Where there WAS A JACOB, THERE WAS AN ESAU. Where the spirit of God is, where the spirit of truth is, the spirit of lies is following right behind it. Why? Why is it? Think about it. Uh nobody can bring to you the lies. Okay, everyone awake. What is a lie? Those of you read the message, it is the truth misrepresented. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. So, you're never going to get a new lie unless there's a new truth revealed. &gt;&gt; So, nobody is going to come and preach to you the lie that was created after Martin Luther preached his message. So when Martin Luther came, the spirit of lies followed it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; When Wesley came, the spirit of lies followed that. It took the truth that Wesley preached and created a lie from it. &gt;&gt; So what do you think is going to HAPPEN HERE WITH THE MESSAGE? &gt;&gt; The truth is going to come in revealed by the prophet and the spirit of lie will follow behind it. &gt;&gt; Got it? &gt;&gt; So there are so many lies spoken in the prophet's name today. Some are blatant intentional falsehoods and everyone can see that. But those who believe in blatant intentional lies are people who have been hurt in their lives and because they can't get over the hurt they are accepting these things and they are damaged people. Among them are lies that elevate the prophet to be worshiped as God. Can you believe behind brother Brandham there are people who make brother Brandham God and pray to him &gt;&gt; and worship him and it's so close and false because he was a son of man ministry but we don't go and pray in William Brandham's name &gt;&gt; h how could we do that to this man take and he even warned you not to do that &gt;&gt; and there are people in this in they claim to be in this message taking his name and making him physically God, that is a lie. You are even speaking something he told you not to do, right? But you're not going to be taken by that lie. You know that lie. There are people in the message um among those elevating the prophet, those lies are rejected by most of message people. But here's the problem. The even more dangerous uh uh often very subtle lies are carefully disguised and appear to be almost on the level and they have people mesmerized and hooked into a nickelan system or an organized religion while thinking they are preaching against it. Don't miss that. The majority of people who are falling to ecumenical nickelan lies are literally trapped by these lies while listening to preachers who are claiming to be preaching against nickelanism. &gt;&gt; Got it? So the majority of lies that fools most of the people are those lies that presents the message as a set of restrictive rules. Listen, let's let's pull the covers off. Are you with me? I can come here all day and preach the revelation of the seven seals, the thunders, all the mysteries. You will lose all your spirituality if you see a sister in the church not dressed right. All your faith in the mystery is gone. You suddenly become that heathen again who cares about safety. You will lose all your spirituality if a brother does something against cood. We can be preaching the seals, the thunders, the mysteries and all that. If the song leader takes 45 minutes, you become heathen again. If a brother prays too long, you lose all your spirituality. If a brother comes here to testify and it takes 20 minutes, you are sitting there getting so stressed, literally a devil rising within you till you getting anxious and like he's really taking long. We didn't come here to listen to this. We came to listen to the word. I've been through this. I know what I'm talking about. I've met these people. And yet they claim to believe all the mysteries and have the seven thunders, brother. have the seven thunder power and you can't have patience with another saint, another believer. You cannot just relax, go with the flow. No, you lose your marbles, spill it all OVER THE PLACE, COME OUTSIDE. You know what? I'm I'm making an appointment with a pastor this week. We're going to talk about this this lack of cood. This messing up, this is taking TOO HE GIVES TOO MUCH LEEWAY to these people. I'm going to sort this out. And if he doesn't listen, I'm going to the deacon. I'm sitting there looking at this and thinking, "Booy man, got you." BECAUSE OF ALL YOUR STUFF IN THE MESSAGE, YOU STILL COME BACK down to the rule keeper. That's who you really are, the rule keeper. NO MATTER HOW MUCH WE ENJOY THE PREACHING and the mysteries and the wonderful mystery truths revealed, YOU ARE STILL AT CORE the person who feels the message is restrictive rules and laws meant to keep us safe. And if we don't keep that in line, we're not going to be safe. You know what happens? We've reached a time, saints, when those lies are about to be tested and exposed. all the rules and laws you are keeping. I believe God let us go five decades of the message to prove to you that all of you rule keepers lose your children, your wife, your husband, your cousins, your family members who are all rule keepers with you. And then by the same rules, you judged other people. You lost those people. You you derided people. You hurt other people's children. And then after five decades of keeping rules, you can't keep the the rules the same way all the time. You then adjusting where conveniences you conveniences your family and YOU BUT YOU STILL WANT TO keep those rules according to how it's convenient to you. Remain a rulekeeper. Stand with your pride intact and say one thing. I'M A MAN WHO DOESN'T COMPROMISE. BOOGEYMAN. GOTCHA. Your world is about to come crashing down. I'm telling you right now in 2026, all you rulekeepers, all you legalists, all you people promoting boogeymans, you are about to see your world come crashing down. You that persecute other people and don't do the same thing in your own home, you that apply rules and burdens upon other people and don't keep it in your in your own home, you are about to see your world come crashing down. It is ripe out there. &gt;&gt; You cannot control cell phones. You cannot control social media. You cannot control the internet. You don't even have good enough rules to control that beast. You are about to see it poison humanity, your children, your spouses, your families, your your quality of life is going to be you are about to see it affect your skeletal system, your your vascular system. You are about to see destroy public completely. It is going to come crashing down on you. &gt;&gt; Nowhere is safe anymore. And God has let this happen. &gt;&gt; Your world is coming down. So what do you think, young people? Do you think the prophet was sent to teach us these things the way he did because he wanted us to follow rules? Do you think the prophet came and gave us the message because God wanted us following human leadership? I'll tell you right now, brother Alistister is not your savior and not going to take you to heaven. &gt;&gt; And I will never take that position away from our savior. He is the one who saves us. He is the one who is the one we worship. He is the one with the final authority on all the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I am not. Do not look to me because I may even let you down someday. &gt;&gt; What do you think? Do you seriously think that the message that we live in this church is rules? Did you really think that God pulled you out of denominations and religions of the world, you older people, and ignorance from other things to bring you to a message only to subject YOU TO A NEW ORGANIZED RELIGION, new cood, new nickelotinism? And and just so so those of you who keep the rules THE BEST WILL FLY off to heaven someday. and those who couldn't keep it the best will be dumped in hell someday. Is that what God brought to us? Take some time off and consider this in your devotions. Is this really what the Spirit of Truth brought for us today? Is this what makes us the bride? No. I want you to consider these few scriptures. Is the message rules or wisdom? Are you with us? We're closing. Isaiah 59:4, "None calleth for justice, nor any pleath for truth. They trust in vanity and speak lies. They conceive mischief and bring forth iniquity." This is just telling you the nature. I don't have time to go through everything, but what these scriptures are going to show you is it is first nature for man to tend to lies. There is none that calls for justice. I can prove this to you. You who are sitting right here now in the message with the open book, I will prove to you that you will CALL FOR JUSTICE WITH OTHER PEOPLE, but when it comes to your own children, you'll plead mercy. &gt;&gt; Isaiah 59:12-13. For our transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us. For our transgressions are with us, and as our iniquities we know them. In transgressing and lying against the Lord, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood. Jeremiah 9:5. They will deceive everyone, his neighbor, and will not speak the truth. They have taught their tongue to speak lies and wear themselves to commit iniquity. 2 Corinthians 4:2. But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, not handling the word of God deceitfully, but by manifestation of the truth, commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. Romans 1:24:25. Go back home and go through these scriptures. Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lust of their own hearts, to dishonor their own bodies between themselves, who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worship and serve the creature more than the creator, who is blessed forever. Amen. 1 Timothy 4:1-2. Now the spirit speaketh expressly that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils, speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their conscience seared with a hot iron. Okay, I could spend a lot of time explaining, but I'm not. I want you to go home and and look at it. These scriptures tell us that our sin is not our wrongdoings that we did. You can easily give up smoking, drinking, you can do it. You can give up fornication today. You can give up adultery at any moment. You can give up anything any moment. It's not the problem. The problem is lies. It always has been lies. We just proved to you earlier that people in the world can live righteously without knowing the word. Which means anything that you have a problem with, you can give up. &gt;&gt; YES, &gt;&gt; YOU CAN GIVE IT UP without the word. You just have to have a strong will. That's how people in the world do it. They strengthen their will. It's like when you're dealing with somebody who is an addict, like a like a guy who's um who's hooped on cigarettes and uh you're on the phone with him and maybe you're his sponsor. This is how you do it in psychology. And the guy phones you at 12:00 at night. He said, "I'm I'm really stressed. I feel like smoking." Said, "Okay, let's call him John." "Okay, John, where's the cigarette? It's in my hands right now. What do you want to do?" You don't tell him, "John, I want you to go to the bin and throw it in there right now." No. At every moment you have to ask him a question and he has to make a decision. John, what do you want to do? Do you want to put the cigarette in your lips right now or do you want to you want to go to the bin? You give him small questions with small decisions. This how I'm telling you how you deal with psychology. You can actually deal with your children this way. How do you what do you want to do? Do you want to put the cigarette in your mouth or do you want to take one step towards the bin? And John thinks I want to put it in your mouth. Okay, John, what's your choice? You still don't tell him. Put it in your mouth. What's your choice? Do you really want to do this? You give him another question. At every point, he has to make a decision. He says, "Okay, I want to take a step to the bin." Takes to to the bin. Okay, John, you took one step. How about five? Would you like to take five? Okay, I'll take five. John, how far is the bin from you? It's in the kitchen. Uh, John, would you like to go to the kitchen? Not really. Um, how do you would you like to sit down on the couch and think about it for a moment? This is agony for a sponsor, right? But eventually, you ask the right questions, you strengthen his self-will, you get him to make his own decisions, get him right to the bin, open the lid with the pedal, and tell him, "John, would you like to break the cigarette?" At every point, the sponsor is increasing his self-will, the strength OF HIS SELF-WILL. YOU CAN DO ALL THAT without the word. People do it. They can learn to give up their addictions by strengthening selfworth. For us who come to the truth, we do not take joy in that we have overcome unrighteousness. We take joy in that we overcome the lie THAT PRODUCED THE UNRIGHTEOUSNESS. AMEN. &gt;&gt; SEE, we can easily give up wrongdoings, but what we find hard to give up is living by lies and telling lies. The entire all the scriptures I read to you told you this is human nature. That's where our problem lies. This is what we need salvation from. You're this is why I tell you some of the young men and women today, young people at camps who have a problem with pornography and problem with stuff in the world. They want they want to focus on the problem. FOCUS ON THE PROBLEM. THAT'S NOT EVEN THE PROBLEM. The problem is up here. That thing is always going to be there. Other people find ways without the word to overcome that thing. Your problem is up here. It's in the mind. What is lying to you? See, what we find hard to give up is living by lies. We need salvation from the spirit of lies. So I want to bring you to this point. How are the two dogs fed? That's the question we have to ask ourselves when you look at this analogy of the white dog and the black dog fighting and there are two different natures fighting inside you. I and I've explained this to you in Romans 7, right? Where Paul says when I want to do good, evil is present. There's the two dogs. And I want to do what is right, but I eventually find myself doing the wrong thing. And so I'm not I'm not making this up. prophet actually uh used the the story of the the the two dogs in answering the question on Romans 7. But I want to draw your attention to this subject that these are spiritual dogs, right? So how do you feed a spiritual dog? What are you feeding them? He said you're catering to them. How are you catering to the dog that's wanting to wanting you to do bad? How are you catering to it? How are you feeding it? How are you keeping it alive? How are you keeping the other dog alive that wants you to do good? How are you feeding it? What do you feed it? So people say, "Well, you feed it worldliness." No, the black dog is not fed worldliness. It's a spirit. You don't feed a spirit worldliness. You're feeding the flesh worldliness. What is What is it that the two dogs eat? Okay, I'm going to explain this. The dogs are not fed by wrongdoing. The bad dog is not fed by worldly music. It's not fed addiction. It's not fed bad friends. It's not fed worldliness. The bad DOG IS THE DESIRE FOR THAT. Are you with me? It is the nature that leans towards those things. THE BAD DOG MAKES YOU DO THAT AFTER YOU FED IT with something. The good dog, hey you good dogs, good dog is not going to church. You don't feed the good dog by going to church or reading the word or praying or good religion. The good dog IS THE DESIRE TO go to church, to read the word, to be to feed to feed the the the poor and and take care of the the the poor and the needy. Um it's the nature that leans towards godliness. How do you feed that? So what is it that these two dogs eat? Because this has to do with a spirit part of you. There's only one thing that the spirit eats. Word. Word. Nothing else enters your mind but perception. You literally cannot take a spoon of food and stick it in your brain. You understand? It's always going to be word. Word is what enters your mind. Here's the thing. You are either feeding the one dog truth. And if you feed the one dog truth, it will tend to godliness. If you feed the other one lies, it's going to tend to ungodliness. Right? So if you constantly hear truth, the god the good dog gets stronger and so does the desire in your members for righteousness, morality, good religion, wholesome lifestyle. If you are constantly hearing falsehood and lies, the black dog gets stronger and therefore the desire for worldliness, immorality, unrighteousness, disinterest in the word of God gets stronger. Word comes to you by what means? Reading material, watching screens, hearing speech, seeing and interpreting manifestations and foolishness of preaching. That's how word comes to you. In other words, you can feed yourself lies by watching a movie. You can feed yourselves lies by watching a play at school. You can feed yourselves lies by being at a worldly concert. You can feed yourself lies by anything that interprets itself into word and brings a perception. And whichever one you feed the most is what your flesh is going to tend to. Truth or lies enters your mind by forms of word. You interpret that. You make it meaningful to you in a way that benefits you. And then you get the feeling inside, I want that. Where did it come from? Something got in first. You're never going to want to smoke that first cigarette until someone lied to you that it's good. Ask any young man, young boy. I I was I was a prefect in high school and I had to watch these little 13 year olds come out of primary school and watch these older boys hook them or by their fathers or uncles and get them involved in the stuff. You're never going to You're never going to do it. You don't even I remember when my my son Jordan was 5 years old and um he told me, "I want to smoke." I said, "What?" He said, "I want to smoke. I want to try it." He said, "So many people doing it, that means it tastes nice." He thought it tastes good. And then we told him what it does and then it causes cancer and it's not really about the taste. and we try to explain addiction to him and that was it. We go to a restaurant, he sees someone smoking, he stands up and says, "Filthy habit." He did that to us several times. We had to go, "Excuse me, sir. Sorry." But it worked because some of those people will say, "I'm so sorry, sorry." And they put the the cigarette off. But the point is the perception of it is either it's going to taste nice because a kid looks at and say, "Why are people putting it in your mouth?" Because children always think if you put something in your mouth, it's because it's tasty. It's good to eat. So they they're watching that. So you're never going to know what it is unless someone tells you the truth about it. Most people who do it have a spirit on them that wants you to be in it with them. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Because they're already trapped by it. They need you to do it so it makes them feel safe. &gt;&gt; Right. Once you're hooked, then you're going to do that to somebody else. See, truth always comes as something that challenges your comfort zone. Lies always makes you feel safe. Truth makes you feel unsafe. &gt;&gt; Because truth challenges you. &gt;&gt; Truth makes you shift. Truth makes you move. Truth puts a spike under you. &gt;&gt; Truth tells you you need to change your ways. Truth tells you that's wrong. You shouldn't get comfortable with that and you don't like it. Lies always makes you feel comfortable. Remember that young people, you get these friends. I I tell my boys, you know, um a lot of you don't know what it's like to be pastor's children. I'm going to give you an understanding. Uh some a lot of you get away with it and you don't know why you would see us being this way with our sons. My boys know you will never get into anybody else's car at campus, wherever. You don't get into their car. I don't care. They can be a best friend. You don't get into their car. Why? I've seen people getting into their car into someone's car and there's a gun in that car and something was done with that car and with the gun and if the police stop you, you are an accessory. You are associated with somebody that is and as a pastor's child, you only get one chance to be wrong and then you're labeled. You're done for. Anybody else gets away with it, but if you're a pastor's kid, it's over. It's tickets for you and your father. We don't get second chances. We don't get to fool around and go to dancers and and feel it's okay. You find people take pictures of you posted on social media, but not a pastor's kid. You get posted, it hits your father's ministry. So with the preacher, you who are preachers bringing up children, you're going to see it. Your children are going to be the targets. Your wife is going to be the target. Everything we do and say is scrutinized. So unless you know my life, don't criticize me for how I bring up my children and and handle my house. If I don't want them to go with you in your car, even if you are a believer, there's a reason why. If you are going to do something that's sketchy for me that I don't agree with, even if you are my friend or my relative, it's my prerogative to say no to my children because I don't want them to be a part of something where they can be accused of something and and then it reflects back on me. Why? because I know what comes with the the the the deriding. It's unfair to them what people are going to say to them or about them when they are just human beings with errors and mistakes. You get into a car with a stranger with a friend at university, he drives, he exceeds the speed limit, he crashes into someone's car. It's my irresponsibility as a parent for not telling you you should never have gotten into that car. You want me, I've got to dedicate vehicles and cars and pray that you got the Holy Ghost in their car. Then you get into someone else's car with a booming, thumping worldly music. You get into an unbeliever's car at campus at university and you drive around with them. You're driving with the window open. There's Brother Alistister's son driving in a car and is thumping music AND SOMEBODY ELSE. NOBODY IS SEEING, nobody's going to know brother Alistister's son or brother Alistister's car broke down on that day and he needed his friend to bring his son home. Nobody's going to accept that. &gt;&gt; It's going to be brother Declan or Brother Jordan uh listening to worldly music with their friends. Some of you here would not even accept the truth because you're most likely wanting to have the ability to criticize and hit someone down. This is why we are that way. And don't let it be just to pastor's kids. You parents should have responsibilities with your kids. Do not trust strangers. Do not trust family members who are not even in the message. And even in the message, vet them. I don't trust anyone. anyone because and I don't even mean in a bad way. You just don't know my rules of my house. You most likely are going to tell my kids to do something I don't agree with. If I feel for me it's like if I feel my kid has had enough sugar for that for that day, you're going to tell my kid, "No, don't worry. It's okay. You can have it. It's my treat to you. your treat to my kid when I know what he what he needs for his body and his life. You are teaching him to break my rules. How responsible are you as a message adult? And it's not even about sin. It's just about sugar. Or it could be you letting my son play a game on your cell phone, which I don't approve of. I don't want my kids. My kids know my rules are you are not allowed to use anybody else's cell phone. Why? I have no control over what stuff they have on their phone. Anything can pop up on there. You will not touch another person's cell phone or look in their cell phone. I'm trusting you with that. This is not a time to feel like and this is my rules. This is not a message. This is my rules for my house. But at the same time, I'm trusting them to go off in the world and make their decisions. And if they mess up, they know they can come back to mommy and daddy. And we will have grace with them. We will talk with them. We will lead them through it. And I want to tell young people who are going to be baptized, this is church where if you do something wrong, you can come back to us and we will help you heal. &gt;&gt; We will not be those people who will crush you and walk over you and mess up your testimony everywhere else. We deal with you with grace and with wisdom &gt;&gt; because we don't believe in a boogeyman. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; we believe in the truth. &gt;&gt; Young people today, what is the message? I fear for you. This is the reason why my passion is the way it is now for the message today. I fear for you young people because I feel that you don't really know what the message is. Those of them listening online, those in Newcastle, those here sitting here, I feel like you don't really know what the message is. I have spoken to many people who have left the message and I've discovered the same thing over and over again. They left something that wasn't even the message. They thought they knew the message because the message to them was the Cood rules and and laws. What they are leaving is not even the message. What they are leaving is actually a lie that they lived under. And they're now heading for another realm of lies which they don't even realize. So I want to tell you plainly today what is the message? Number one, the message under the first two pulls is the exposing of the spirit of lies. It had to take an Elijah anointing to tell us what is not the word. First part of brother Brandon's ministry is telling us what is not the word. &gt;&gt; Right? And we find that when the seals were open, what was the seven seals? Breaking out the lies. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; What the white horse ride is when you break open the lies, then you get the truth. &gt;&gt; Yes. So what next is the third pull ministry which is then after the lies have been pulled off now telling you the truth which has been hidden for generations. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; This is the open book the revealing of truth. The Bible becoming a new book. The hidden mysteries contained inside the seven seals. So what is the message? The message is the exposing of the spirit of lies and the revelation of God for our day. &gt;&gt; Everyone stops at the exposing of lies. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's why I'm saying you don't really know the message. So young people when you are asked today what do you believe in? If people ask you where you are university, campus, school, whatever, and they ask you what is what is it? What is the message? What is your answer? you will you the usual answer I've heard in the past is well in our church we don't do this we don't do this we don't do this we don't do that you still haven't told them the message you only told them what we don't do &gt;&gt; maybe some of you bolder ones will say well God sent a prophet right and most of the time I've heard the older generation start with that saying uh we don't believe in the trinity god sent a prophet the prophet revealed to us we don't believe in the trinity we don't believe the original sin is an apple. We don't believe Jesus was born the 25th of December. We don't believe. We don't believe. We don't believe. But what do you believe? What is the truth then? That doesn't even work today anymore. God send a prophet doesn't work because there's so many prophets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh telling them what you don't do. Oh, so you guys are like uh Mormons. Oh, so you guys are like Seven Day Adventists. Oh, so you guys are like this. OH, YOU'RE LIKE THAT. I KNOW ANOTHER. NO, NO. And then you No, no, no. We not like that. They still denominations. No, but you are like that. Oh, you believe the father AND SON, SO YOU LIKE JEHOVAH'S WITNESS. NO, NO, WE'RE NOT LIKE THAT. Right now, you're struggling because you actually don't know what you believe. &gt;&gt; You only know what you don't believe. Now, here's a problem with that. That doesn't work today. The new generation doesn't even do that. My sons and your children are not even going to do that. When they speak to people on the outside, they're not even going to say, "God sent a prophet." They got a problem with that. I don't know what's the problem, but they just have a problem with that. They don't go around saying, "God sent a prophet." They don't even go around saying we don't do this. We don't do this in our They don't even do that. Frankly, I don't even know what they do. Maybe we should have some conversations with them. More than likely what I've seen is you shy away from conversations altogether. You know, I remember 20, what was it? 20, 22, I think. I was in a a youth meeting there in the Malvin church. And I said to the young people, you know, there are the usual issues with young people is courtship, dating, how to get a girlfriend, how to eventually get to marriage, what's the right process, blah blah blah. Boring, boring, boring. Okay, you can't even deal with that stuff today. So I said to them, you know what's your problem? message children, you are as boring as a piece of plywood. You literally do nothing. You read nothing. You sit at home and do nothing because you are told we don't do this, we don't do this, we don't do that. You play no games. You don't play sport. You sit at home. Now all that you are is a cell phone reader or a cell phone user. There is nothing to you. You don't read Shakespeare. You don't read Jeffrey Schoer. You don't even know who that is. You don't need read John Steinbeck. You don't read philosophy. So if someone even talks to you over a coffee, you have nothing to say. You are boring. But if they talk about movies, celebrities, or watch on social media, you like, "Yeah, girl. Now we're talking." Huh? That's who you are. That does not make a marriage because you got to be stuck in the house with someone 7 days a week, 3565 days a year and then you lose the ability because you can't talk about anything. So you don't talk about anything. You're totally boring, bland, and useless. And you get offended when someone does talk to you about things important. Why? Because you are feeding yourselves nonsense. Here's what I'm hearing now from message boys. We can't talk to girls. We go and say hello. They literally cannot talk. They cannot say anything. And I see it. I go to youth meetings and I try to ask a question and they look at me like So, what do you guys think about this that's happening in the world? You know that awkward smile like they constipated. That's what I'm getting. Like when we were youth in the message, it was like, "Brother, can you please explain this? I read this in in uh in the token message. I read this in Christ the mystery. Please can you explain that? What does it mean by this? Please can you reexlain predestination?" No. Now we get zip nothing. Why? Because you don't know the message. You don't read. You're not putting truth in. But you want something magical to work. The new generation does not even do that. You don't know the message. You don't know the seals. You don't even want to know the seals. But then you come and argue with us about the rules. What is am I allowed to do this? Brother Alistister. Am I allowed to do this? Is it okay to marry this person? Is it okay to have this kind of marriage? Is it okay to You want us to make your life work for you, but you're not doing anything to put truth inside. That's unfair. That's unfair. I'm not here to work for you to make your life better. You got to make your life better. If what you do is always try to answer that you make a difference. You meet people out there and say, "Well, we're in the message. We don't do this. We don't do that. You guys do this." So, what you are doing is you are separating yourself from other people and making it look like they are not as good as you. You're already on the wrong foot. How are you ever going to get them to believe truth? You are just telling them you follow lies, we don't follow lies. But you're not telling them truth. That's not what we believe. All the dos and don'ts of the message is not the message. It's common sense. Don't smoke is not the message. It's common sense. Don't drink. Don't for all the That's not the message. &gt;&gt; It's righteousness. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. TV is going to make you stupid. If you weren't stupid before, you're going to become increasingly stupid. Soul will social media. I hear it. I hear how you young people talk. I can barely understand some of the words now. You talk in in abbreviations. BDW, lol. And that's only the calm ones. I don't even know all the other ones. I sometimes listen to them talking. I have no clue what they're saying. They're not even talking English. Can you imagine one day you're talking to your husband at coffee bw. and he makes a joke. Lol. That's what I envision happening. I dread to think of the marriages I'm going to counsel when I'm 60. &gt;&gt; As it is, it's tough now. Can you imagine me trying to counsel young people who are in their 40s but acting like teenagers? That's not only When you tell people what you don't believe, you are only exposing what not to believe. This is why you struggle. This is why from our last segment we we spoke about gray areas. Why do you make gray areas to live in? Because your soul is not believing in truth yet. You are trying to make the exposing of lies your faith and your religion. You are trying to make the rules your faith. You cannot have faith on rules. Okay. The soul can only place faith in truth. So what is the truth that we are believing in? This is why people like believe the sign and all these anti- message people why they attack us and call us brandites because you behave like brainwashed fools doing what you are TOLD TO DO BUT HAVING NOTHING in your heart that creates faith. Don't don't bluff yourself. You look like a brainwashed person. You look like an unhappy person. YOU LOOK LIKE A PERSON SAYING, "I'm going in the rapture. Yay." That's what you look like. I'm so glad to be a child of God. It's it's, you know, it's emanating from me. That's what you look like. You literally look like a cult, like you're controlled, like a man is holding you, like he's got you by the throat and telling you where to go and what to do. You make brother Brandham even look like a false prophet by the manifestations. They have a point and because you major on the dos and don'ts and don't get to what the truth actually is. And of course they are so wrong. Do we really think that God that all there is to God is exposing lies and judging people? Did you really think that that God just came to tell us how bad you are, how how much of a sinner you are? You doing this like God is this micromanager that's watching you every move. But you didn't do this right. You didn't do that right. You should have done it this way. You should have done it this way. It would have been quicker. If you did it this way, you'd have been more successful. I had a parent like that. I'll be pulling my hair out. The sad reality is that most message people and especially young people who go to camp after camp don't know what the seals are. They don't know what they really are. They don't even care to know what they are, what the thunders are. I I said this to you young men. You're going to lead your house one day. You're going to be the man of your house one day. You can never be the man of your house when your wife knows more of the word than you. This is the truth. You cannot be a leader. How can you be the head as Christ is the head of the man and you are the head of the woman, but she knows more of the word than you. She can teach you the word. Something wrong there. So as young men, be like David. Take the law of God, put it in your heart. Yes. &gt;&gt; If people don't even know who the devil is, you don't know who your enemy is, how do you expect to overcome? If you don't have the revelation of the spirit of truth, if you don't know who God is, who are you really worshiping? You have no effective plan of wisdom for a secure future. This is the whole point of this series on knowing God and knowing the devil. If you don't know the spirit of truth and the spirit of lies, if you don't understand, you will have no plan for a secure future. You are heading into an unhappy marriage someday. You are heading into a situation where there are ch Listen people, you are going to be believers who might have children who are problematic. Do you have the faith to deal with that? If you crash and burn young people right now for every crisis you just crash and burn, how are you going to take care of a family one day? If you don't have the drive to work hard, to earn money, to set yourself up for the future, to not shy away from hard work, how are you going to take care of a family? I tell you what, there's no miracles for that. There's no miracles for that. That's hard work and you got to put it in. Young men, study the word. Study the message. Take time off. Take time off to learn the word of God. Put some truth in. Have conversations. Ask the questions. Don't sit quiet at youth meetings. We have those youth meetings not to waste our time with you. Let's have the discussions. LET'S HEAR WHAT'S BUGGING YOU. Let's hear what's troubling you. We even the last youth meeting, we put out papers. So that because you don't want to talk, we're going to make you talk silently. So we make you write it in papers and pass it down anonymously and then we read it out and say, "Oh, some person asked this." But at some point, you need to start owning up to what's bugging you. It's not good enough to hide behind the safety of the group. You have to come out and expose yourself. Say, "Brother Al, I don't understand this. I'm struggling with this concept of the message. I'm struggling with what you said there. I did those things. I had these arguments with my dad when we went to youth camps. We stood up and spoke. When we didn't agree with something, we said, "We don't know this. We don't understand this. We don't agree this. Please explain this again." And we put the challenge upon the preachers feet to answer us. In conclusion, young people, I just want to say this. the beginning of this new year. The benefit of this message of truth to you as a young person is it's going to guarantee you a truly happy, healthier life and an easier path to achieve your purpose than anything else in this world. That's the truth. The reason you don't see it now or you don't see your purpose in God is because you have always been living by falsehood and lies. If the light of your soul is darkness, that is lies, then the entire body is filled with darkness. You know that's a scripture, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; The eyes is the light of the body. If the light in your body is darkness, if the light in your eye is darkness, your entire body is filled with darkness. That means if you take in lies, your entire body is going to live with lies. If the light in your body is light, which is the word, which is the truth, then the entire body is filled with wisdom. Simply put, if you're a young man, you take in the truth of God's word. If the the light in your eye is light, you will be the best husband, the best father, the best friend, the best confidant, the most reliable worker, the most reliable boss, the most truthful person in your neighborhood, the most trustworthy person. When there's trouble, when there's struggle, when the pressures come upon this life in your neighborhood, they will run to you for advice. They will look to you for help. This is who you will you will be. But if you don't take the word, you will be the other person running to something else for help. Because that's what lies do. It's made to keep you trapped by a boogeyman. And the worst thing is how do you conjure up something terrifying to make somebody feel safe? It's just so sad. May the Lord bless you. Let's bow our heads together.
