################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-02 - The Throne of God P6 The Most Holy Place P4 - The Realm of God's Presence - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-02
Title:    The Throne of God P6 | The Most Holy Place P4 - The Realm of God's Presence
Speaker:  
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Sermon Clip
Duration: 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AYKB0ghDe0
========================================

Description:
0The Throne of God: The Realm of God's Presence (Part 6)
In this final segment on the Most Holy Place, we move beyond the furniture and the structure to explore the spiritual climate of the innermost chamber. This is the Realm of God's Presence—the only place in the Tabernacle where the miraculous is not just possible, but perpetual.

Key Highlights in This Teaching:

The Two Veils of Human Existence: Paul mentions a "second veil" in Hebrews 9, implying a first. We explore the First Veil (the outward appearance/flesh) and the Second Veil (the self-will/spirit) that separates us from the presence of God in our souls.

The Three Realms of the Tabernacle:
Outer Court: The Realm of Sacrifice (The Body).
Inner Court: The Realm of Worship (The Spirit/Mind).
Most Holy Place: The Realm of God’s Presence (The Soul).

Aaron’s Rod: The Proof of Election: Why did only one dead stick blossom while eleven others remained dead? We discuss how the presence of God proves election and brings life where there is no natural root.

The Hidden Manna: Sustaining the Word: In the wilderness, manna rotted if kept overnight. But inside the golden pot in the Most Holy Place, it stayed fresh forever. This represents how the Word becomes Eternal Revelation only when it moves from the intellect into the soul.

The Blood of Atonement: True cleansing doesn't happen in the emotions of the "Inner Court." The blood must be taken behind the veil to the Mercy Seat first, before it can sanctify the rest of the life.

-----------------------------------------------------------
00:00 – Greeting and Introduction: The Skeleton and the Flesh
01:20 – Scripture Reading: Hebrews 9:2-4 (The Tabernacle Overview)
02:30 – Defining the Three Realms: Sacrifice, Worship, and Presence
03:20 – The Mystery of the Two Veils: Why Appearance is a Veil
07:30 – Distinguishing the Anointing from the Presence: Why Signs aren't enough
11:55 – Aaron’s Rod: Life with No Natural Conditions
16:55 – The Sovereignty of Election: Why t...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I greet you brothers and sisters in the wonderful and precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. It's great to be sharing the word of the Lord with you once again and um we're getting into the throne of God part six in this teaching uh and the most holy place part four and for a title the realm of God's presence. This should be the last segment we will do on the most holy place. Believe me, there's so much more we could talk about. Go through the scriptures, go through all the uh types and shadows in the book of Leviticus and Exodus and and talk more about the different happenings in the Bible concerning the most holy place. But I believe you know all these things and I don't want to exhaust the thought. I want to get to us the simplicity of it so that the Holy Spirit can build in you uh more and more understanding on the subject if you will. I would like to put the skeleton into place and allow the Holy Spirit to put flesh on the bones so to speak. So let's read our scripture which is Hebrews chapter 9 and verse 2-4. For there was a tabernacle made, the first, wherein was the candlestick, and the table, and the showbread, which is called the sanctuary. And after the second veil, the tabernacle, which is called the holiest of all, which had the golden sensor, and the ark of the covenant overlaid roundabout with gold, wherein was the golden pot that had mana, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the covenant. So just to bring a little um revision the three realms of the tabernacle we want to introduce that we know there's the outer court the inner court and the most holy place or the outer court the holy place and the most holy place they had different names but I want to uh define something for us so that we could understand and the functions of these courts or rooms. So number one, the outer court which we will get to in the last part of this teaching these teachings or of the series. The outer court is the realm of sacrifice. We're going to look into that much later. The inner court is the realm of worship. So your outer court, which is your body, is the realm of sacrifice. The inner court which is your spirit is the realm of worship. But the most holy place, the holiest of all, the holiest of holies, that is the realm of God's presence. And that's our title, the realm of God's presence. To start with, I want to make this clear that Paul is the one speaking here in the book of Hebrews. And he makes a statement that there are two veils in that in verse three he says after the second veil the tabernacle. So after the second veil implies that there are two veils. Now this is not often talked of probably because it was taken for granted that everybody understands that. Now in the tabernacle of Moses there was a light curtain veil at the opening of the inner court. That was the first veil. The second veil was the heavy veil that separated the holy place from the most holy place. So also in the tabernacle of our bodies, there is a veil between the body realm and the spirit realm. We are used to calling it the flesh veil or the veil of the flesh. For example, we often say that people could not see God behind the veil of Christ's flesh. So the the first veil refers to the uh outward appearance of a person. Now why is that a veil? Why is the appearance of a person a veil? Now remember it's not the physical skin on the outside that is veiling something moving inside. It's a spiritual thing. The veil is a spiritual thing. Now because the appearance of a person does not reflect the true person inside therefore it is available. The appearance of a person is subject to the interpretation of others. So if people look at you on the outside and you know you can study those things in psychology and people think that uh um these are studies from psychology. These are stereotypes that people have that that a a fat person is generally not as intelligent or a person with not much of a chin is not really intelligent. Uh you know so there's and and yet that perception is totally false. Um but there are many many things that people look at in on the body realm and make decisions on and that is exactly the problem is that the appearance on the outside is the actual veil. So also for the individual the body realm and its five senses. So for you yourself your body realm and your five senses does not really comprehend the spirit realm. I mean, how much how many of you um actually know and can define who you are because you understand your spirit so well. Most of us define ourselves by the things that we do, by the foods we like to eat, which is what we do on the body realm, by the clothes we like to wear, by the person we see in the mirror. And we tend to define our lives and who we are. What we see in the mirror affects us. Either we're happy one day with what we see or we're depressed about what we see depending on what phase of life we're in. So even to ourselves, our own flesh is a veil. We sometimes forget who we are on the inside because the outside does not really comprehend the inside person. So however your spirit realm totally understands the signal the body gives it and makes decisions for the body realm. But the body cannot make decisions for the spirit realm, your own spirit realm. Now we are discussing the most holy place and calling it the realm of God's presence because in our sinful existence it is the only true place that the presence of God could be and could be effective. What I'm saying to you is no matter what emotions you feel, whether you're in church or in your closet praying or whatever it is, the spirit of God or the realm of God's presence is not in the body or the spirit. It can only be in the soul realm. The reason for making this distinction is that many people see other people speak with tongues, prophesy, and do healing campaigns and and they mistake that for the presence of God. It is not. Those things are the effects on the body realm or the anointing of the presence that exists elsewhere. The time has come for the presence of God to be seen in the entire tabernacle. But while there is still sin on earth, it is very difficult, as you will agree, to definitively say whether someone doing signs and wonders has the presence of God in him or not, or to say whether the person is a true believer or not. And you know, in brother Vanam's own life, he saw two brothers speaking with tongues and prophesying and the prophecies in tongues were accurate as anything. But when he shook their hands, he realized one was a saint and one was not. So as long as those veils exist, the first and second veil, the realm of God's presence will always and only be the most holy place or the soul of man. So what I'm saying to you is it doesn't matter what you feel like in the presence of God. how you shout, how you scream, what visions you might see in what dreams you might have in your mind. None of those things are an indication of the presence of God or the realm of God's presence. You can never claim that the that God lives in in that those realms of your being. It does not. Right? So according to the the pattern of what God did here in the tabernacle, the realm of God's presence is the most holy place and the most holy place only. So let's talk about the realm of God's presence. So we have been dealing with the most holy place, the realm of God's presence. In where was notice what was inside this little room was the ark of the covenant in which was the law of God and above the mercy seat upon which the pillar of fire would descend. Right? So you you read that we read that in Hebrews chapter uh chapter 9 verse verse um 2 to 4. we saw uh Paul identifying what was behind the veil. Now you can see what Paul does is he he adds on. Now if we read Exodus, we only see the ark uh inside the veil or within the veil. But later on on the road to the promised land, two more things were added to the most holy place. two significant things happened to prove the power of the presence of the Lord to show that God's choice of the ministry was the only legitimate one. So we want to study specific attributes about the presence of God and what it does when it is there. I think that the presence of God is severely misunderstood which is why many people get so discouraged and despondent when things don't go according to their expectations of God. Because of what so-called expert theologians and anointed preachers have told us, we assume that when the presence of God is felt, miraculous things have to happen because well, if it doesn't happen, then it's not God. Now, I've heard many preachers talking about there needs to be a spiritual something uh you know, there needs to be some prophecy, some speaking with tongues, something happening otherwise you don't know. Now, that is just incorrect. Okay. The signs and the wonders were for a specific season and also if they take place now they are for a specific reason and that is to attract people who don't have the revelation of the word right now. That's the primary reason for signs and wonders. Read the scriptures. It'll tell you the same thing. So we want to dispel all these false beliefs and have true realistic expectations of the presence of God within us. So let's start with Aaron's rod numbers 17 and verse 1 to10. And the Lord spake unto Moses saying, "Speak unto the children of Israel, and take every one of them a rod according to the house of their fathers, of all the princes according to the house of their fathers, 12 rods. Write thou every man's name upon his rod. Thou shalt write Aaron's name upon the rod of Levi. For one rod shall be for the head of the house of their fathers. And thou shalt lay them up in the tabernacle of the congregation before the testimony where I will meet with you. And it shall come to pass that the man's rod whom I shall choose whom I shall choose shall blossom. And I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel whereby they murmur against you. And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, and every one of their princes gave him a rod a piece. For each prince won one, according to their father's houses, even 12 rods. And the rod of Aaron was among their rods. And Moses laid up the rods before the Lord in the tabernacle of witness. And it came to pass that on the tomorrow Moses went into the tabernacle of witness and behold the rod of Aaron for the house of Levi was budded and brought forth buds and bloomed blossoms and yielded almonds. And Moses brought out all the rods from before the Lord unto all the children of Israel. And they looked and took every man his rod. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Bring Aaron's rod again before the testimony, that is, bring it back inside the veil to be kept for a token against the rebels, and thou shalt quite take away their murmurings from me that they die not." So the first thing we notice is the effect of being in the realm of God's presence. Something dead is brought to life having no root or natural conditions. Right? In other words, something coming to life with no root or natural conditions. In other words, this stick was not placed in the ground. It didn't have water poured on it. It didn't have sunlight. Clearly, there's no light. It was pitch dark in the Holiest of Holies. Unless the shikina presence of God was there, there was no light. So there's no normal conditions that this rod could have budded. Everybody understood there was no trickery involved here. And then of course all the other sticks were there but only this one budded. So the first thing to notice something dead is brought to life having no physical scientific factual proof of anything. Now let's read the message of the ark paragraph 150. Notice as he walked he took his ark. Also Aaron's rod was put in there and budded. An old rod that was dead. a staff, a stick, no more than a piece of wood right there that all life is gone from. It's dry as it can be. But once put into that holy place, it lived again. Every sinner, I don't care how dull, how black, what your life has been, in the presence of Christ, you'll live again and bloom and bring forth blossoms, nourished of the spirit. How sick you are, that doesn't matter. You will live yet in the presence of the atonement. What a marvel. What a thing we have under consideration. What a scripture. What a God. What perfect, what a sure foundation. All other grounds is sinking sand. All other grounds is sinking sand. So brothers and sisters, this proves to us firstly that no matter what, the realm of God's presence is where the miraculous is possible. Now, we're not even talking about on your body realm, on the outside that's visible or on the spirit, your mind where you can reason or your emotions can feel. We're talking about deep inside the soul where there's no feeling, where there's no sensations, the miraculous is possible. The miraculous beyond what you can comprehend. but that you would know. All right. Secondly, many of the elders of Israel were constantly murmuring against Moses and Aaron. They were contesting the authority of Moses and Aaron. Some believe that God could speak through them as well and that Moses and Aaron took too much authority for themselves. God did this so that the people would recognize the election of God. Remember, notice God did this to show his election. Now, watch how beautiful this thought is. Let's ask some relevant serious questions. Why didn't the other rods also bud? They were in the presence of the Most High. There was nothing special about Aaron's rod. It was from an almond tree. It was a dead stick like every other. So why did it bud and all the others not? Were the other sticks the wrong make? What if all the rods were taken from the same tree as Aaron's? Would they all have budded because they came from the same tree? Can you see then that it has nothing to do with that? Shouldn't everything that comes into his presence receive eternal life? Well, clearly not. The only answer can be that it budded because God chose it. Now, we know that scripture that we read tells us that this tells us so much about election. In other words, you could be in the presence of God and be absolutely dead unless he chooses you for his purpose. So on the one hand it is glorious to be in the realm of God's presence and on the other hand it can have absolutely no effect on you and you could just be a copycat. So the presence of God is not some magical energy that whoever comes in contact with it becomes positively charged by it. Our biggest proof is the Lord Jesus Christ himself. After his three and a half year ministry, more people hated him than loved him. He didn't heal every person at the pool of Bethesda. He didn't feed every hungry person he found. He didn't take Israel's enemies away. He didn't convince the whole world with his teachings. He spoke death to a tree that didn't produce fruit to him. He left only 120 followers after he ascended and they all paid a price for his presence being made visible on their body realm. They were martyed, persecuted and killed. So let's not fool ourselves into taking it for granted that we had that we and everyone understands the realm of God's presence. Just from this example alone, you can see that telling people these things is going to make them really upset. They're going to say, "God is unfair. Why is he unfair? Why did he not allow all the rods to be budded? Why just Aaron's rod? Why should there be election? Why didn't Christ heal more people? Why didn't he feed the hungry? Why didn't he do this? Why didn't he do that?" And and we know that it's the people's false understanding that brings false expectations. And so today people in the message because they don't have an understanding of the word, they have false expectations of God. Now how do I know that they are false expectations? Well, because when things don't work according to the way they want it, they lose faith in the word. Now losing faith in the word already tells you that from the very beginning you had a false understanding. Therefore you had false expectations. From Aaron's rod we can draw one conclusion. Anything can be brought into that presence. But he will only bring to life that which he has chosen, predestined and purposed for himself. Now that's that's a wonderful thought in case you didn't you may think well you know you can apply this to you in in different ways but the most important thing is you can listen to all kinds of preaching. You could listen to false doctrines. You could have sat under the teachings of someone who was teaching the thunders wrong. You could have sat under someone preaching that the seventh seal is not open and that word that you were hearing passed through the veils yourself will said my amen I really accept that and then that goes into your soul realm but thank God because those rods that went in was not his chosen word and did not take root. It did not bud. It did not flower. it did not bring forth. We should be so happy for that. That that that is the way the presence of God operates because we were kept safe from wrong doctrines being instilled into our lives being uh passed down through our body so that it made us that it would make us form believers of the wrong thing. Praise be to God. Saints, even life's philosophers could have no effect on you if you were elect. What I mean to say is that maybe you were not sitting in a message church. Maybe you were some other religion. Some maybe you were Muslim. Maybe you were Hindu. Maybe you were um I don't know um not even belonging to any religion. Maybe you were atheist. Maybe you were somebody who listened to philosophies of the world. But somehow or the other, those things made sense in your mind. You would talk about them. You would fellowship with them, with other people. You would share your thoughts with other people. You'd be strong in your in your um delivery of your thoughts. But somehow or the other, you still had the emptiness in your soul. The emptiness in your soul indicates that none of those ministries that passed into that presence could ever be grammatized or budded. It would have to take the rod of Aaron. And you can tell what that that type is of. It would have to take the spoken word of God that comes through the son of man ministry of this day. If you're a believer, you're guaranteed to have a really lousy life until you receive this word. And then only does your soul get filled. Maybe you may have problems in the body realm and in the outside and your spirit, your mind, and you have trials like everybody else. But when the realm of God's presence has taken its place in your soul, then you have something that no other human on earth has. Amen. Saints, I believe we should really thank the Lord for this. We should really appreciate what God has done for us and really understand what these things mean and become so much more aware of what has taken place in our lives and what is taking place every day. Let's get to the next point which is the manner in the golden pot. Now remember these two things were added. So, we always knew there was the mercy seat, the ark of the covenant behind the veil, and we knew we know that the the law was set in place uh beneath that mercy seat. But what we're seeing is that the realm of God's presence, so the mercy seat, the pillar of fire, the the law that was placed under the mercy seat um brought the presence of God into that place. But we want to see from these little these little stories about for example the rod of Aaron and now the manner from the golden pot and see the characteristics of what the realm of God's presence does. So let's get to this manner in the golden pot. And what we find here is the mystery of sustaining the word of life. Okay. Exodus 16:31-33. And the house of Israel called the name thereof mana, and it was like coriander seed, white, and the taste of it was like wafers made with honey. And Moses said, "This is the thing which the Lord commandeth. Fill an o of it to be kept for your generations, that they may see the bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness, when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt." And Moses said unto Aaron, take a pot, put an full of mana therein, and lay it up before the Lord to be kept for your generations. Now, mana was a word that was a question really a question that meant what is it and the word stuck. So, in other words, I remember doing this with you. Um, I think it was during the promised land experience. Um, types and shadows, but the people came out of their tents that morning and they went around looking at this stuff on the floor and they said, "Mana." Mana in the Hebrew means what is it? And so, everyone began to call it that. They began to call it, "What is it?" It was a question. The people were unfamiliar with it because they had not seen it before. It fell from from heaven as they thought every night and the people were able to gather it off the ground in the morning. It's quite amazing. It looked like beautiful coriander flowers and settled lightly on the ground and its taste was incredible. Wafers with honey. Uh, I don't think any one of us can really fully comprehend that. So, it it it was probably something that looked like like a type of uh flour or a a light when I say flour, I mean ground flour, but or kind of like a light meal porridge, but it could be easily gathered off the floor off the ground. And this um and it had a taste. It probably looked like the Bible said like coriander flowers. So it must must have been like small particles almost like like snowflakes. And this this and and tasted like wafers with honey. I mean that's just amazing. But this mana was a type of the word that came by the prophet before the seals. It was spiritual food in due season. It was revelations that fell from heaven that we had never seen before. It tasted amazing when you gathered it up. Like for example, serpent seed, water baptism, godhead, no eternal hell, predestination, Daniel 70 weeks, uh you know, demonology, adoption, amazing things dropped everywhere. Revelation of Jesus Christ series. Oh, just sweet. absolutely sweet uh tasting food that fell from heaven which we had never seen before. And I suppose the question is always what is it? What is it about this? How is this so amazing? How could we never see this before? Where did it come from? But there were a few conditions to this word. You could not keep the manner of one day for the next because it contaminated. In other words, the message had to be fresh every day to you. You could not denominate around it. It would contaminate. This manner was incredible. It's like it had a mind of its own. Every day for 5 days, so let's say for our for our understanding from Sunday to Thursday, the people could only gather an om which is a certain stipulated amount per person. If they went over that amount, it became corrupted. So somehow that that manner knew when they took too much because they were greedy. This like some people who try to make more of the revelation than what is allowed for their season, it contaminated their systems. It fell as the dew upon the ground. They had to awake early in the morning and gather for themselves. They couldn't wait too long because as the sun grew hotter, the mana melted and disappeared. When the revelation comes, you gather it as soon as you can. You cannot procrastinate. You'll be left hungry. As is the the experience of a lot of people who thought who didn't realize they should strike while the iron's hot. That happens a lot with people when the call of the word tugs at your heart about these certain things and you say, "Nah, I don't believe it. You know, I'm not really ready for that." By the time you think you're ready for it to try and go back to it, it's already escaped your mind and you can't come back to it until the next day. So then they also couldn't keep it over for the next day. They couldn't gather that one and say, "All right, you know, I don't want to eat. I'll eat half and keep the other half for the next day. I'm sure there were people who tried it at that time. They couldn't because it became corrupted. It didn't just corrupt itself. It became full of maggots. Now, think about that. Full of maggots means it it rotted. Right now, you're you're talking about a type that is referring to heavenly food, spiritual food induced season. How could that become full of maggots? That can tell you what trouble and what disaster message people can cause with those first and second pull anointed messages of the prophet. Trying to stay stuck on yesterday's revelation leads to demonology. No wonder Paul says, "Let us leave the first principles of Christ and go on unto perfection." But on the sixth day, for our example, Friday, they would they were together two om they would consume on the sixth day and the other om they would keep for the Sabbath. So it seems like the mana kind of knew that on the fifth day they would have to gather two omas and it had no problem with that on the fifth day. So then on the sixth day they would have two omomas as they would eat of one and the other one would remain for two days. In other words, this this had a sense for the Sabbath. It remained until the Sabbath ended but not over to the first day again. In other words, they couldn't decide to keep it till Monday or Sunday. Right? So this like when you reach the time of a Sabbath on a on a revelation, God allows you to relax and he builds on what you gleaned previously. But the manner was not meant to continue. There even reached a time when the people said, "We loathe this like bread." See, the people began to become angry and bored and and uh testy with the first and second pull ministry with the messages from prior to the seals. And uh over 20 or 30 years, the message began to become common to them till deep inside they felt a loathing against it. And you could tell from the lives of the people that they were just ready to leave the message. See the message becoming common to them and they couldn't hear it anymore. They lost their way. They were not patient. They began lusting after the flesh parts of Egypt. Meaning they began to lust after other philosophies, denominational ideas, bringing back gifts of the Holy Ghost, trying to restore old worship again. But those who were patient and stayed with the word used the mana as the prophet commanded. They crossed over into the great revelation beyond Jordan. And we see in type that the mana stopped when they crossed over Jordan into the promised land. Mana had its place to sustain you until you were ready to cross over into the deeper parched corn of the land. You remember these things. So what we're saying is for a person who uh who had patience with the first and second pole ministry and endured though they had many trials though the mana didn't fall on the seventh day we crossed through the opening of the seventh seal that is crossing through Jordan holding on for God to bring to us the revelation of the open book. And once that took place, we didn't need to go back to the first and second pole ministries. The the new open book made everything new to us. It became a third pole ministry. So even all the messages and you can you can check this out in uh under his third pole ministry in even marriage and divorce. Brother Ram said everything became new. water baptism, Godhead, serpent seed and everything. He said all those mysteries that we once preached became new, brought a new understanding after the seals were open. So we see in type the mana stopping when they crossed over Jordan into the promised land. Mana had its place. And of course now there's no question. There's no what is it? Now when we when we feasting off the corn of the land, we know what it is because everything has been revealed. So mana had its place. It was supposed to sustain you until you were ready uh to cross over into the deeper parched corner of the land. Now notice when Christ was here, they asked him a question. Show us a sign. Our fathers ate mana in the wilderness. He said to them, "Your fathers ate mana and are dead." He was signifying that there was a mana greater than what fell in the wilderness. Right? Which brings us to the hidden manner which is sustaining of the written word. So God told Moses to collect an omr of the mana from the wilderness and put it behind the veil in a golden pot. This manner never failed. It never ran out and it never corrupted. In other words, what was the difference between the manner that was taken into the holiest of all, the most holy place, and the manner that fell out in the wilderness? Why did this manner not fail, run out or or become corrupted? The difference was the presence of God. This manner was placed in the realm of God's presence, right? The word of days gone by stays fresh and will not contaminate or be able to be denominated if it is taken past the veil of selfworld and allowed to remain in the soul which is the realm of God's presence. This proves to us that the the usual human attempt to keep the word in the spirit realm of the mind of a believer usually ends in disaster. All right. So, what are we saying here? It'll always become corrupt on the outside. If you receive the word on the fleshly realm, it's always going to corrupt. It always comes with conditions. You have to keep waiting. You have to move on from there to uh the next revelation and the next revelation and wait for the next one. Week in [clears throat] and week out. You've got to live from Sunday to Sunday, Wednesday to Wednesday for something to happen, right? And if you don't and if you try to denominate around what you heard before, it will corrupt you, right? Because it always corrupt on the outside because of false interpretations, your own thinking, the thinking of others, and the effects of life on you. That's what's going to happen, right? But if that word is that that manner is taken in behind the veil then it is in the realm of God's presence and it is transformed into eternal word right listen to the message a hidden life God said Moses make you a golden pot hallelujah and therein place this mana and remember that a believer when he walked in there that mana never did run out. It was always fresh and new and sweet as the days went by, as the years went by. And any man who comes to Christ and hides away and the veil falls behind him, he's in the presence of Almighty God eating the mana day and night from hour to from one hour to the other. It's always just as sweet as it was the first day of telling to your soul. The first day of telling to your soul. That's what we need today is get in where the things are and not stand off and pretend, not stand off and act, but actually get in there. Amen. Let's read Pergeamean Church paragraph 305. Well, what is the hidden manner? The manner that isn't given to all of the congregation. The revelation is poured out upon the angel of the church. The revelation of the word. See, the revelation of the word is given to the angel of that age. For it's hidden from everywhere and revealed back the hidden manner to it addressed to the angel of the church. See you get it. It's a and watch the saints. It's a little bigger revelation of what Christ is. Maybe a little higher call. So it is something that gives the messenger that something extra to give him faith to bring the word without question. It made the messenger the authority of the word for for his age. Now you see the written word remains the same on the outer realms. If you just receive the written word, you read the Bible, you read the message, it remains the same on the outer realms. But when it is brought into the realm of his presence, it gives a little bigger revelation of what Christ is. Amen. Beautiful brothers and sisters. See when that manner that is the same thing that the other people are reading those same spoken word books but when there is the presence of God in your soul now you need to know how that presence of God must get there. A lot of people reading the message and it's going in and there's no presence of God there. There's a reason for that. The gene seed hasn't been germinated. It hasn't been jerked to life by the rising of the sun. means clearly saying it they haven't seen the opening of the seventh seal yet to them personally because when the seventh seal opens to the person to the believer personally that's when the presence of God comes in and that's when your most holy place is operational prior to that it's not operational and we can prove that to you throughout the scripture so it is when that presence of God is in there and the written word comes in it then become brings a bigger revelation of what Christ is. Let's read the message harvest time paragraph 204. The word bread always means to be fed on. And man shall not live by bread like this bread alone but by every word. So that the word bread, keep that in mind. This is this bread that the church through every age has fed on has been the hidden manner just for the overcomer only. Revelation said so. Now, I don't have time to break this whole thing down, he says, because I probably got another 30 minutes. But look, when the holy mana fell from heaven, which was a type of the Holy Ghost, you'll agree on that. God told Moses to go out and get an full of it and put it in the holiest of holies. Cuz if they didn't put in the Holiest of Holies, it became stagnant. Is that right? The worms got into it. Now he said, "But put it in the holiest of holies in this om that every generation coming up after that priesthood, when a man comes to go to be a priest to minister the word, the first thing he gets to do after he is ordained is go in and get a handful of that original manner and eat it." That was to represent that light in his hand in the new church age reflecting his light. the manner the the and only the man that perfectly overcame overcome the man that really sits down and throws aside everything else besides the word and the word is a manner oh my it's Jesus man shall live by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God that's the hidden manner for the overcomer all that was laid up each for each priesthood of following it so saints every man who feels led to minister must get behind the veil and eat of that original mana that fell that was preserved for every generation. He must go in and eat it himself before bringing it out to the people. So saints, what is this saying translating to our day? This means he must properly understand the first principles and the word of the of the days of old today even for every believer is important that we get the understanding that is behind the veil. Right? But to even get the understanding of the golden pot, the hidden mana, [clears throat] there needs to first be the presence of God in that soul because then only can that hidden manner be transformed into eternal manner. Do you get it? John 6:30-37 They said therefore unto him, "What sign showst thou that we may see and believe thee? What dost thou work? Our fathers did eat mana in the desert. As it is written, he gave them bread from heaven to eat. Then Jesus answered and said to them, verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven, but my father giveth you the true bread from heaven. For the bread of God is he that cometh down from heaven. Listen, the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven and giveth life unto the world. Then said they unto him, Lord, ever more give us this bread. And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life. He that cometh to me shall never hunger, and that believeth on me shall never thirst. But I say unto you that you also have seen me, and believe not. All that the father giveth me shall come to me and him that come cometh to me I will in no wise cast out. Let's read verse 41 to 45. The Jews then murmured at him because he said I am the bread which come down from heaven. And they said is not this Jesus the son of Joseph whose father and mother we know? How is it then that he saith I came down from heaven? Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, "Murmur not among yourselves. No man can come to me except the Father which had sent him, sent me, draw him, and I will raise him up at the last day. It is written in the prophets, and they shall be taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard and learned of the Father cometh to me, cometh unto me." Verse 48 to 50 he says, "I am that bread of life. Your fathers did eat mana in the wilderness and are dead. This is the bread which cometh down from heaven that a man may eat thereof and not die." So notice saints, the realm of God's presence doesn't only bring life. It proves election and it keeps alive alive the word of every other day and will allow it to not contaminate or will not allow it to contaminate. Saints, every believer must have his soul being or becoming the realm of God's presence. We just have to. It will spring to life your true nature which was dead like Aaron's rod and it will give you an assurance of your of your election and it will never allow the written word to become stale to you. I mean which believer doesn't want that experience or that to continue in his life. All right. So we get to the last point before we close which is the blood of the atonement or as I will call it the true cleansing by the presence of God. Let's read Leviticus 16:14 to 15. And he shall take of the blood of the bullock and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward. And before the mercy seat shall shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times. And then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering and it is for the people that it is for the people and bring his blood within the veil and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bulock that is sprinkle it upon the mercy seat and before the mercy seat now I don't want to labor this point too much by reading all the scriptures of the atonement but it is just as important all other sacrifices were offered and accepted on the outside altar of brass that is the sacrificial altar But this blood of the atonement for sins had to be taken into the realm of God's presence. Remember saints, the priest had to make atonement for himself first and then the people with the blood of the atonement. Now, it is so easy to be touched emotionally and be affected by the word on the spirit realm within the first veil. You could say, "Man, I was so convicted by the preaching of the word. I really want to change. I felt something. I had such an experience and I really want to turn my life around and want to uh turn over a new leaf for the next year. and I really want to do that and I want to do that. You notice that after making all those pledges and promises to God, it doesn't take long. In fact, in most cases, the next day you're back to square one. You will never change and you will never see the true effect of atonement for sins unless that blood goes into the realm of his presence. behind the second veil. Let's express this out. If you follow the scriptures on the atonement that is from Leviticus 16, you will see that the blood of the bullock and the goats is used for atonement for [snorts] listen the inner court and its belongings, the outer court and its belongings as well as the most holy place and its belongings. also that blood had to be offered up for the high priest and the people separately. But before the blood is sprinkled on anything else, the blood must be brought into the realm of God's presence, sprinkled upon the mercy seat and then upward to sprinkle it on everything else. Amen. Right? So remember the blood must be brought into the realm of God's presence, sprinkled upon the mercy seat and then the blood was to be taken out to be sprinkled in the inner court on the candlesticks table of showbread altar of incense then go out last and sprinkle it in the tabernacle in the courts of the tabernacle upon the horns of the brazen altar and so on. Now you see a lot of people talk about being washed in the blood of the lamb, right? We know that the blood of Calvary is not physical blood today, right? The blood of Calvary is gone long, long time ago. We know that the blood of Calvary is not physical blood today. It has to do with specific provoking word of God that convicts the soul of man. It is the blood cell of the spoken word. You can hear the word being preached and it can do different things to you. For example, it can make you happy, set your feet into purpose, make you angry against sinful things. But the part of the word that comes when you have faltered against God is the blood of the word. It comes at a cost. But it comes for your salvation. It tugs at the very inside of your soul and your mind and body can submit to it in such ways that you can break down and scream and cry and search for God's forgiveness and mercy. But saints, don't mistake those feelings and emotions for being truly cleansed and sanctified. That blood cell of the word must go into the realm of God's presence. This means saints, you don't just go from one service of emotions to another, from one service to another, from Sunday to Sunday, from Wednesday to Wednesday. You stay in that presence of that blood cell. That means when that word comes forth from the preacher preaching behind the pulpit and some particular day and that word begins to convict you, you go home from that service. You get into that word. You follow the leading of that blood cell. Let it take you through the scriptures. Share it with your brothers and sisters. Fellowship on it. Pray on it. Let it be absorbed completely into your soul and then watch how that blood truly sets you free. Saints, the most holy place is a truly special place with strange and wonderful capabilities that escapes the thinking of man. Understanding it makes us truly appreciate the need for the presence of God to be in our soul. saints. Without it, the emotions we feel of conversion and sanctification and cleansing would all be intellectual and just emotions. If you have a soul that is the realm of God's presence and that gene seed has come to life and is abiding, then the spoken word that you can hear or the spoken word that you hear can find its way through and be sanctified to go back out into the whole tabernacle to bring a true change and cleansing that you will never fall from again. Remember the priest brought brought the blood of the atonement in. Once the blood of the atonement was sprinkled on the mercy seat, then he was able to go out with that same blood and sprinkle on everything else the life of God, sanctifying the entire tabernacle. And this is the problem today, saints. Do you get this? I want to really punch this through. If you have a soul that is the realm of God's presence, now this is why this is so important. This is why it is so important that believers in this end time under the message of this hour see the opening of the seventh seal. Here's what I'm telling you. You cannot claim that your soul has the the realm of God's presence or that your soul is the realm of God's presence until the open book is abiding in there because that place only becomes a throne if a book is on that throne. If the gene seed in you is alive, my point is if you don't have that gene seed for this capstone age alive and abiding, then the spoken word that you can hear that brings conviction that should bring cleansing to sanctify you to cleanse you of false belief to cleanse you of mistakes and errors and and misjudgments that if if you don't have that gene seed, you cannot have the realm of God's presence. And if you don't have the realm of God's presence, then you are basically you basically have an intellectual cleansing and sanctification. And sure enough, you're going to keep falling by that back and back into the same mistakes over and over again. But once there is the presence of God dwelling in the soul and that blood of the atonement, that blood cell word, remember I I said the specifics of the word, the word does several things to us. But when somebody preaches provoking thoughts for conviction and those convictions stir up something inside that must bring a change that must change your ways and point you in a different direction. When those words have come to you to change you for the better that is the blood cell of the word. That's the immunity of the body. That's the immunity of the word that's going to pass through. That's got to be offered on the altar of your soul, sprinkled in the altar of your soul. In other words, it must come through the presence of the open book before it goes back out into your mind to cleanse your spirit, before it goes back out from there into your body, to cleanse your behavior. See, which means people who claim to have been cleansed and sanctified and all of those things and yet deny the open book don't have the most holy place set up in their in their souls. What kind of sanctification do they have? What kind of cleansing do they have? Sure enough, they're going to defect from the word, and their testimony of being sanctified and cleansed is going to go down the tube because there was no realm of God's presence for that blood that they received to be offered up to then anoint everything else in the tabernacle. Saints, I trust that this would be a blessing to us. really Aaron's rod, the hidden manner, the blood of the atonement. What does the most holy place mean to me personally? What does the realm of God's presence mean to you personally? Why do we need to get out from traditional denominational message ideas? Why do we need the open book to to become real to us? Why do we need the seventh seal to be open to us? Why do we need to have those thunders a a personal manifestation to us? Because without it, we are just a tabernacle operating without the realm of God's presence. We can't claim to have true atonement. We won't know whether we are the elected rod budding in the presence of God. We won't have the written word lasting forever and ever because there is no presence of God there. That is the reason why this most holy place had such a configuration and such prophecy behind it and so many wondrous things that took place surrounding this tabernacle. I trust saints that you will really appreciate what God has done by opening up the seven seal in this day. Not just that, sending a messenger to reveal those mysteries to us. Not just that, but giving the open book to every one of you personally. Every one of us personally that we might feast off the things of God beyond which other people can even fathom or even comprehend. Blessed our eyes and our ears. Amen. For we are witnesses of the divinely revealed mystery truths of God. We have the open book in our souls. We have the realm of God's presence. And one of these days all those veils are going to be broken. And then his presence is going to be seen completely in us. And we're looking forward to that time. May the Lord bless you saints. Until the next time.
