################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-26 - How to read the Book of Revelation Part 4, The Key to the Book of Revelations - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-26
Title:    How to read the Book of Revelation Part 4,  The Key to the Book of Revelations
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Memorial Service
Duration: 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq-qsAxDleA
========================================

Description:
In this fourth part of the series, "The Key to the Book of Revelation," we explore the foundational attributes of Jesus Christ revealed in Revelation 1:5-8. These verses serve as the "key" because, without a correct revelation of who the Author is—and His specific characteristics—the rest of the symbolic mysteries in the book remain locked to the reader.
-----------------------------------------------------------------
The Anatomy of the Author's Character
The salutation identifies Christ not just as a historical figure, but through specific titles that unlock spiritual understanding:

1. The Faithful Witness (Martus)
In the Greek, Witness means Martyr. Christ is the "Faithful Martyr" because He knew the cost of His testimony and stayed the course until death. He is the only firsthand witness of the Father’s divine nature, having come from His very bosom to declare Him.

2. First Begotten of the Dead
Christ was not the first to return to life (Lazarus, Enoch, and others preceded or cheated death), but He was the first to raise Himself and transition from death into an incorruptible, eternal life. This serves as the blueprint for the "many brethren" to follow.

3. Prince of the Kings of the Earth
In this context, a "Prince" is the successor to the throne. This title prophesies the eventual downfall of all earthly governments. He is next in line to take total dominion after the battle of Armageddon.

00:00 – Greeting and Series Introduction
00:19 – Scripture Reading: Revelation 1:5-8
02:00 – Why Revelation is impossible to understand without the right "Key"
06:57 – The Faithful Witness: The meaning of the "Faithful Martyr"
11:07 – First Begotten of the Dead: The power to raise oneself
14:50 – Prince of the Kings: The Successor to the Throne
17:10 – "Him That Loved Us": Love as an Unbreakable Bond
21:02 – Washed in His Blood: Removing the Itch of Guilt and Shame
23:55 – Kings and Priests: The Balance of Rulership and Intercession
26:26 – God and His Father: Identifying...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Greetings precious saints in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. It is the 6th of April 2022 and we're on our series how to read the book of Revelation. This is part three and we're going to call it the key to the book of Revelations. And our scripture reading is going to be taken from Revelations 1 verse 5 to8. And the Bible reads like this. And from Jesus Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth. unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood, and hath made us kings and priests unto God and his father. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him. And all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, amen. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, sayeth the Lord, which is and which was and which is to come, the Almighty. The Lord add a blessing to his word. Now, last week we ended with the first phrase of verse 5, which was Jesus Christ, the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior. And what a blessed uh revelation that was to know what Jesus Christ really means in symbol form as much as uh he was a person a man who was on the earth 2,000 and more years ago. But to us it is so much more than just a historical figure. So we stopped at that one phrase and from Jesus Christ we stopped there last week and today we will continue from there. Now when we read these four verses something stands out as so significant. John who is the scribe or the writer of this book seems to make uh big a big deal out of expressing Christ's character and his importance to us. Now we know as we said before that this book is not the revelation of the person of Jesus Christ so much as it is the revealing of things to come as a result of the introduction of Jesus Christ into the world. However, what is significant from John's introduction is that you cannot believe you cannot even begin to believe you cannot even believe what is in this book. So if you don't really have the right revelation of Jesus Christ, you cannot even understand or believe the things that are in the book of revelations. Right? So that's what's important about what we are going to be talking about today. So having the right revelation of Christ is not a once- off thing or some extraordinary experience that comes over you. It's a matter of recognizing him when he presents himself to you or before you in whichever way it is. If it's the preaching of the word, if it's um somebody coming to speak to you about something or in whichever way that he chooses to reveal himself, if it's got to be a particular um understanding or revelation being given in a particular season or another revelation being given in another season. Um, and if it's, you know, an understanding of a certain doctrine 20 years ago and this and a and a different understanding of the same doctrine 20 years later, however, he is revealing himself to you. You can only grasp what is going on if you have the right revelation of Jesus Christ. And that is what is important. So having the right revelation of Christ is not a once-off thing, right? It's a matter of recognizing him whenever he presents himself to you. So we do not and cannot recognize Christ in any day or age by our own intellect or gift. I think that's a very important thing for people to understand. You can read about him in your histories. You can read about him in the Bible. You can sing songs about him. But you cannot rec that's not going to help you recognize the word for your day. It only takes God within us that can do that for us. It's got to be a deep calling and a deep responding, right? So, how does it happen to us? That's the the main focus of this. It's really quite simple. We'll soon find out that find out that you have to be meditating on him through the word for your day. You get it? So the way to get the revelations that are in this book is to be meditating in the word for your day. So that's what I believe happens here in these next four verses. Christ inspires John to call to the reader remembrance specific characteristics of Christ because it would be important for us to meditate on these things in order for us to receive these revelations. So I I guess what I'm trying to say to you is knowing this that you need to be meditating on something particular to get the revelations of the book. Christ here in the salutation inspires John to bring to the remembrance of the reader certain characteristics which will open up your eyes to the revelations that need to come through. Amen. So let's like we did before get to the breakdown. All right. So the breakdown of these four verses verse 5 to 8 and it's as follows. So in verse 5 we find there are two parts. A it is introducing the author of the book with three specific characteristics of the author's uh uh nature and B he begins to identify the plan of salvation. In verse six he identifies the crown of salvation meaning the end of it. And in and the second part is identifying Christ's rulership. In verse 7, there's the prophecy of the mysterious second coming to all groups and that there will be a late realization for those who didn't see the mysteries of the book. And lastly in verse 8 we find the swearing of the oath of the truth of the statements stating the name and confirming the prophecy by a strong proclamation of his titles and attributes. All right. So you may not understand all of it right away but as we get through it you will understand. So let's get to the second phrase in verse 5 which is the faithful witness. the faithful witness. Now there is a very powerful meaning to this term faithful witness and it is twofold. That means there are two parts to it. If we look at that phrase there is the word witness there is the word faithful right and even with the word witness there are two parts to that just on its own. Now to us when you hear the word witness today you usually think of someone who witnessed an accident or witnessed a crime and has to come before the court and say what they saw. So to us a witness is simply one who has been who has seen something and has a testimony. But in this case the original word in this bible is martus in the Greek which is m a r t u s and that means mart. So for those of you who don't know what a martyr is, a martyr is someone who dies for a cause or he is killed by somebody for what he believes in. And what that actually does is by killing him, they don't realize they make his message stronger. So in this case, the faithful martyr, right? That's what it's saying. And that means his testimony was made most powerful because he had to die for it. Right? The word faithful is added to it. So was not just a martyr but he's a faithful martyr. And what does that mean? Having added faithful meaning he knew he was going to die and still stayed the course. Right? So a witness is one who knows and has seen something. Right? But this witness also knew he was going to die and stayed the course. Now the same John who's the revelator says this of Christ in his gospel. John chapter 1 18. No man hath seen God at any time. The only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father he hath declared him. So what this is saying is nobody has had any firsthand witness of the existence of God and the knowledge of his divine nature besides the Lord Jesus Christ. He is the only one that declared God. The only one that understood the divine nature, right? He's the only He's the firstand witness of the existence of God. The only one with the knowledge, the true knowledge of his divine nature, right? By declaring God, he means he he manifested him. You cannot manifest something unless you know what it is. So notice John says this. He says this knowing that there was Moses who had a great testimony. You know Moses testimony, right? where uh God put him in the cliff of a rock and let him see uh the glory of God going by him. Moses was a man who the Lord spoke to lip to ear, mouth to mouth in a sense of the the what the the Bible says which and then the Bible also says there was never a man that that God spoke to like Moses. And then it also says that there would never be a man with whom God would share such a close personal relationship with. Right? So here we find he declares that Christ's testimony, John declares that Christ's testimony far surpassed Moses or any other prophet. That's really saying something, right? So he was the only one with the intimate true knowledge of the divine nature of God who is the only one who is the authority on who the father really is and what the works of the father is what the word is. He's the only one who is the true and perfect witness and that is what the Bible is saying there in the book of revelations. All right so let's get to the next phrase which is the first begotten of the dead. Now first begotten is often used as implying that something is the firstborn. So if you if you heard someone in you know reading the Bible saying this one was the first begotten of Adam or the first begotten of Abraham or something like that you would say he was the first born. However begotten is not the same as born. Right? There's a reason why we've got to be specific about this. Something that is begotten is eventually born once it has come to its fullness. Right? So he wasn't the first one to beat death. Right? Enoch did. Elijah did. And Moses did. Moses cheated death somehow. What about in Christ's ministry? There was Lazarus. Lazarus was resurrected before Christ's resurrection. Okay, you can say, well, Christ said Lazarus was only sleeping. But his sisters testified that the man was dead. They said, "It's been 4 days. Surely by now he stinkketh." And Christ said, "Well, he's just asleep." Right? But the truth is Lazarus was dead and he was resurrected from the dead into that same body. Now, the scriptures imply that many of the dead saints were resurrected the moment Christ died on the cross. So, what we're saying is it's not that he was the first one who was resurrected. In a sense, there were others who were brought back to life. These others who beat death or cheated death like Moses or experienced being resurrected from the dead, that was all good and well. But what made Christ the first of his kind was none of these others were able to do this of themselves. None of them were able to raise themselves and transfigure and translate themselves. Right? That's what's most important about this. So what it really implies is that he was the first that was brought into existence from death into eternal life. Right? So he was the only one who said destroy this temple and in 3 days I will raise it up again. Why are these details why are the details of this so important? Because he is calling for you to meditate on these things. That means you've got to take notice of this, right? Why? It will lift you into a higher plane to receive the revelations, which means he's asking for things like knowing what his death was all about. He's asking for you to know what Calvary was really about. He's asking for you to know what the resurrection really was about. For if you don't know these things, you're not going to understand the revelations of this book. All right? So also first begotten implies something beautiful. If he was the first begotten it it indicates that there will be more that will be gotten. Romans 8:29 says for whom he did forno he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he that is Christ might be the firstborn among many brethren. Glory to God. So that means there will there was a promise of others to come that would be like him. Amen. That would be that would have the ability to raise themselves to raise to the next dimension, right? To to receive the word in them in its fullness and to transfigure themselves and translate themselves by the word that they believe. Glory to God. So let's go to the next phrase which is the prince of the kings of the earth. Now again the details are important here. It might make you wonder why Christ is called a prince while heathen and pagan men are called kings. I mean why couldn't it have why couldn't the Bible just have called him the king of the princes of the earth? Why prince of the kings of the earth? Right? Isn't a king greater than a prince? Are you getting it? So you can see that many ways to interpret this. There are many ways to interpret this and all are wrong except the right one. So you know you could say well in a sense prince means ruler so it means that he was the ruler of the kings. Well if that be so that means if he's the ruler of the kings of the earth that means that whatever the kings are doing are under his rulership. So therefore they're not really sinful or doing anything against his will. Obviously that is the wrong revelation. So what is the meaning of prince of the kings of the earth? What is the right meaning? Amen. So you can see that there are many ways to interpret it. A prince is many things but mainly a prince is the successor to the throne or he's the next in line. So this is the context that he wants us to see here. Right? The book of Revelation is going to show us the downfall of the kings and the dominion of Christ as king of all the earth which takes place after the Armageddon. This is so beautiful saints because this simple phrase the prince of the kings of the earth is actually telling us that Christ is the successor that there are kings there are presidents there are governments there are so many uh rulers of this earth but they're all going to fall away and he is the one that is next in line to take control of everything. Revelation 11:15 tells us, "And the seventh angel sounded, that is the Armageddon. And there were great voices in heaven, saying, the kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ, and he shall reign forever and ever." So there you have it. Glory to God. I just love the scripture. The next phrase is him that loved us. This is not just expressing human emotion. It was never ever about human emotion. Love is much more than what we make it out to be. A mother's love for a child is not about emotion. It often manifests itself with emotion, but it is truly about the unbreakable physical and psychological bond that she shares with her child. Right? So when the Bible says him that loved us is speaking about the bond he created with us. Now how did he create a bond? So there's like a love between a mother and a child. There is love between a husband and a wife. What is the love that is created between or the love that Christ created with us? What is this referring to? It's simply this. He became one of us. That is love to be united with us. Now now hold on to this right. Love is not the emotion. When we say he became one of us, it's not talking about the emotion. It's talking about the bond. Remember when we say to someone I love you. Most people think of the feeling. They express the feeling. Now feelings come and go, right? How can it be love if if one moment you feel intense attraction to someone and the next absolute hate? How was that love? How can you feel intense uh liking for someone and then if they do something then you're suddenly irritated and you don't like them at all? That's not love. Love is union between two things. Love is uh peace and harmony that is existing between two things, two people, two entities. Right? So love could be described as magnetism, two attributes in perfect harmony, right? Just the same way. So he became one of us. He's united with us when we could never have been united with him of our own free will. If you take in in the the scripture Colossians 1 21-22, the Bible says, "And you that was sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled." It means he's brought you back. How did he reconcile you? Verse 22, in the body of his flesh through death to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in his sight. Glory to God. So in other words, by becoming the flesh, right, he was the mystery of God revealed. His very flesh was the uniting of the nature of man and the divine nature of God. It was true love expressed. There is nothing in this world that can express that kind of love because that bond can never be broken. You can, you know, people can stress their love to one another today and the next thing they're divorced. They're married, then they're divorced. That's not true love, right? Love cannot be broken. It's a bond that is that exists forever. That that true love is a bond that exists forever. True love is true unity. the strongest bond that can ever exist. When it says him that loved us, amen, it is him coming down leaving the dimension that he existed in to become our dimension so that we could be bonded with him. Amen. Then there's the phrase washed us from our sins in his own blood. This means this is referring to his selfless act of sacrifice that is Calvary obviously right now what did that do miraculously removed the shame and guilt of sin from our lives now I want you to think about this uh because brotherham says in one of the quotes in the messages I can't remember exactly but I have read it to you several times he says God doesn't save you because you felt felt sad or because you felt more sad than someone else and that's why he's he saves you because you felt guilty for your sin and sad that he died on the cross and uh he took away your sins and therefore because you you felt sad and you were crying therefore you are saved. He said God doesn't run his business haphazardly. That's not how it works. Right? So what did Calvary actually do for you? If you're someone who actually believed in Calvary, someone who who literally believes in Calvary, how does it miraculously remove the shame and guilt and sin from our lives? Right? So, it's not it's not that you felt sad, therefore you were, right? Actually, it removes shame and guilt. You should not be feeling shame and guilt uh because of Calvary. You should be feeling victory. Amen. So his sacrifice washing us is a cleansing. It doesn't remove the remembrance of our wrongs. Right? You're always going to remember what you did. And other people are always going to remember what you did. Some of them will even remind you. Now think about that. any other person remembering the thing that he did that caused him guilt and shame and embarrassment and so on and other people reminding you of it, you're you're going to hold on to it. It's going to stick to you like a scar. It's going to be something that you're that that you're going to scratch at. It's going to itch like a scar. But what he's done for us, washing us from our sins, means it literally releases us from the hold that sin had on us. That shame and that guilt that held us down, that kept us prisoner um he by his own blood. That indicates it was not the blood of any man. His own blood. If he was God, it means it was the blood of God that washed us from our sins. Such a beautiful uh understanding to be had there. Amen. I hope it becomes a reality to us. The next phrase is made us kings and priests unto God and his father. Now, this is beautiful. I could take very long with this because you know in here is many things about the godhead and so on but we'll get into it in in greater detail on kings and priests in revelations 5 than I'm sure but this indicates another very important thing to meditate on going forward in this book something very important for us to understand that will unlock the other mysteries of the book so making us kings and priests obviously is the end result of the salvation of the lamb of God. Right? So he he um comes down, he loves us, that means he becomes one of us. He washes us from guilt and shame from from the our sins with his own life, his own blood. And then lastly, he makes us kings and priests. So what is kings and priests, right? And not just kings and priests, but kings and priests unto God and his father. So kings means rulers. Rulers of a domain. Rulers have a dominion. Rulers have subjects. So in whichever facet of life we belong to, he makes us leaders of that life. We are leaders of life. And yet you know that most leaders of life are corrupt because pride sets in. So to add to that, not only making us leaders of life, he makes us intercessors. What is an intercessor? It is one who is touched by the feeling of people. Right? He he is so not just a leader of life. You're an intercessor for people. It is the order of Melkisedc. It is the perfect balance of rulership. It is the right to rule but having the balance of intercession. Amen. And so that makes that makes all the difference. That's if any true ruler if he acted not just as a king but also as a priest then he would have the balance of rulership whether he was a president or a king or a prince or a princess or a queen or whatever they are to have the balance of intercession makes all the difference that's the order of MelkiseDC so now unto God we are made kings and priests unto God that means we are commissioned to those position conditions of authority by the divine nature himself. That is by God himself. Amen. Unto God and his father. Right? So that's not two people not unto God and his father. That means God is his father indicates that the literal body of Christ issued forth from the spirit of God. It means there was no other father of Jesus Christ of the body of Jesus Christ other than God himself. God is that father. And what is father? Father means the place of origin. Where it comes from, where it issued from. Father means one who produces seed and determines its purpose. So every detail of the existence and the purpose of Christ, the body he came into, the woman that was chosen for uh the birth, the the the life that would be lived, the purpose it would hold, the end result of it at Calvary, the resurrection, the church, and all that that exists thereafter in time originated in God himself. Thus telling us that God himself was the father of all that is Christ. Amen. Don't limit this to two people in a trinity. Come on. It's much greater than that. God being a father, he had seed. He had life in himself and he had the ability to produce that life and give it purpose. And with Christ, he issued from God. He had no other father. There is no other origin. Amen. And amen. Then comes the worship. The word says to him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. So you see right we we um notice in the beginning of this scripture you see the the um expression of John of who Christ is. It says Jesus Christ the faithful witness, the first begotten of the dead, the prince of the kings of the earth. He unto him. So you can see the worship begins there. Unto him that loved us and washed us from our sin in his own blood, made us kings and priests unto God and his father. To him be glory. And so this is this verse is about worship to Christ. It's about giving Christ the glory. It's about giving him the honor that he is the one to whom our allegiance lies. To to him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Those words mean to him that is to Christ be glory and dominion means we recognize his authority and his sole rulership. No one else. We do not bow down to anyone else. Amen. Forever and ever means throughout the ages of time. Wherever time exists, he will be the one that we will bow down to. You know, symbolically meaning the one who we accept, we believe is our leader. He is our lord and master. And we accept that his word is is final. Amen. And that saying, the next verse, the next phrase is amen. What is amen? Amen is those this beautiful word that we keep saying whenever we hear the word and agree with it. But amen means so be it. The other way of saying it or the other way of saying what it means is this. This is the absolute truth. When you say amen, what you mean is this is the absolute truth. All right? So it punctuated what was said before with an amen. John punctuated it with an amen. So the next phrases from the next verses shows us the prophecy of the mysteries of the second coming. Now remember the second coming is a mystery of many manifestations. I hope you understand that right? So when you see Matthew 24 and you hear of the the prophecy of the second coming and you see it in Luke 17:30 and the other verses and many other places where Christ speaks of it, some places that Paul speaks of it, some places that Peter speaks of it, they are all speaking of the second coming. But the second coming falls under the seventh seal and the seventh trumpet with with which you know people really don't know which one goes where and which manifestation goes where. It is all the second coming of the Lord. They all have different manifestations. You've got to figure out which manifestation is required in your day or actually takes place in your day. There is a second coming to take his bride. Then there is a second coming to Israel under the seventh trumpet where he returns to earth with his bride. And the same is his coming to judge uh coming to earth to judge man where he comes with the theophanes of the saints. Right? So we'll talk about that just now. Then the coming of the Lord to the earth where all of the earth recognize him to judge the mark of the beast and to judge death, hell, and the grave. So all the mysteries of the second coming are in the many words that we find in the prophecies, but you have to see which one is for your day. So in this particular phrase he starts with this prophecy. Behold he cometh with clouds. Clouds plural. Now we know the prophet speaks about this in the church ages. And he says this cloud plural where every eye shall see him. Remember we read the quotes. This means it is not the rapture because the rapture is a secret. You remember all the quotes. He says this means this is this coming with clouds is the third coming. right now. Obviously, you'll never see a scripture in the Bible saying there is a third coming. So, obviously what he's saying is of course this is part of the second coming, right? But this is the second coming as seen by a different group of people. It is the second coming to that group of people. So, let me give you an example. If you say to someone, let's say I'm I'm from Durban and I'm in Durban. Let's say I'm coming to Newcastle and I say to the people there uh on well I don't know maybe May the 1st will will be my first coming and then on May uh somewhere else in the in the month of May will be my second coming. So if I uh come on the 1st of May that's my first no problem. And then I don't give them an exact time or date in the the rest of of May. And then I come secretly and I meet some people and then I meet some other people and then I spend like a whole two weeks there and then I meet other people and then I go away back to Derban and then I come back again at the end of May and meet some other people. So whoever I met to them it is my second coming. if they all met me on the 1st of May and saw my first coming and then they saw me at different times but in actual fact there were three times that I came to Newcastle right that's kind of like what goes on here so whether so that person the one who saw me at the end of May will say no but his second coming was on the end of May the other one would say no he was in the third week of May and the other one will say no he was in the second week of May but they're all speaking of my second coming to them personally and that's what this is about. So remember that. So when he says the clouds plural is the third coming, it's off it's the coming after the rapture when he comes uh with his saints and so on, right? So that is obviously a coming to a different group of people and also with a group of people. So we'll see that right? So behold, he cometh with clouds, plural. Now clouds means a great cloud of witnesses. In other words, theophanes, not sitting on a literal cloud that brings rain, right? It's theophanes of the saints whereby we are encompassed with a great cloud of witnesses. Theophanes of the saints returning with him for the millennium. Different prophets saw different ways. Enoch spoke about coming with 10 thousands of his saints. Others said he will be coming with white horses. Some said he'd be coming with clouds. They saw whatever they saw in vision, white charges, which means horses and so on. Right? But it is interpreted theophanes of the saints returning with him for the millennium. And the next phrase, every eye shall see him. That means every soul will know and recognize and acknowledge that he is God. Glory to God. Amen. Every eye shall see him. That see him means to know him means to recognize, means to acknowledge, means to have some revelation of him. Right? And then the next phrase says, "And they also which pierced him." Now, who pierced him? Right? You say the Romans. No, that's not what it refers to. When they say who those who pierced him, it means those who led to his crucifixion. Those like Joseph's brothers who gave him the scars that he had, the Jews under the seventh trumpet, right? That's who this is referring to. Remember when he was crucified, they said, "Let his blood be upon us and upon our children." So these Jews under the seven trumpet, that's who it's referring to. They are the ones who will recognize him and not only pierced him 2,000 years ago, but for a very long time saying he's not the Messiah, saying he was a fraud, Jesus Christ was a liar and the Christians are wrong. The Jews uphold that that belief and that is piercing him, right? But under the seventh trumpet, when they see him come, they shall know who he is. So every eye shall see him. That means everyone shall recognize him and it outlines especially those who uh pierced him and the next phrase all the kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. So that is the Gentiles who refuse the grace of his word in their day. They shall whail. All right? Whale means they will realize their mistake and they will be judged with regret for their decisions in life. Amen. All kindreds of the earth shall wail. So that's referring to the Gentiles. Okay. So we move to the the next part which is swearing the oath that the prophecy is truth. Right? So you see here just one phrase even so amen. Now in the first part we saw uh him giving praise to him and then it ended with amen was punctuation amen. But here it says even so amen. This may look like it just indicates the ending of the salutation. You know like signing off a letter but it was more than that. In the old days they had a tradition of making an important statement be uh they they they wanted the statement if it was important enough to be double impacted by a show of authority. Even so, amen is like a strong shout saying it shall be done according to the way it was expressed. Right? That's not just saying amen. Even so, amen. That means it is saying whatever was described in that salutation is going to be it shall come to pass. Making it double sure. Right? Now, saying that in the old days they would do so. But this would accompany something called a confirmation of authority. That means having said even so, amen, something has to follow. And what follows is the repetition of some of the of the authorities's name. And that's what we see in the last few phrases. I am alpha and omega. You know, this on its own is a wow. It's a it's um a series. We could preach a series on alpha and omega, right? But what is I am alpha and omega? It is a great proclaiming proclamation of authority. In other words, you went through this whole thing where he said John to the churches in Asia and this and that and and from he which was and is and and from the from uh the seven spirits before the throne and from Jesus Christ who did this and who did this and who did this and blessed you know uh glory and honor dominion be unto him and so on and then it ends with you know he will come you know and he will um every eye shall see him and so on and it ends with I am like it's like out of this out of the blue I am alpha and omega like what's he doing why is he saying this you and I would be looking at this phrase in the Bible and thinking well you know we following him so far and then suddenly he he just says it okay so let me give you an example let's say I send you a letter and uh today and I write to you and I say you know uh brother sister so and so uh here's an important message that I have for you and this is going to happen and that's going to happen and you need to do this for me and this uh this you need to do that and I've gotten on good authority that such and such is going to happen and I am ordering you to do this so that we save something here and there and then I end the letter with I am Alistister Francis of Durban and so on and so on you people would think I'm crazy because nobody does that anymore what does it mean I am alpha and omega Uh what does it mean to to to state your name like a shout of authority? See nowadays we sign a signature. We have we put in our to make things double short to convince people that we are serious. we sign our signature and we put in our ID number, you know, and um other other ways of of putting a stamp on it so that you know or we can go to a commission of oats and stamp it and uh claim that this document is true or something like that and so on. But in the old days, they had to have a confirmation of authority. And so it could only be someone with authority that makes that confirmation. And so here was John writing to the churches in Asia on behalf of himself and on behalf of Christ. And then while John is writing suddenly it breaks out into I am alpha and omega. So this is not John saying I am alpha and omega. First we were talking about Christ and then suddenly it breaks out into alpha and omega. I am alpha. So this is basically while Christ is inspiring John to write certain things and John is writing then suddenly uh it's like John is speaking for Christ. I am alpha and omega. What is that doing? It is the proclamation of authority. It is a name being stated showing absolute assurance of a fact or situation. In other words, he's saying, listen, I am the end all and be all or be all and end all of it all. I am the greatest, the highest authority on a situation. But that's not even what he's saying. That is saying, I am confirming. I Jesus Christ am confirming that whatever John told was true. Right? And then, as if that wasn't enough, he then says it in English. You know, alpha and omega is Greek. In English, he says the beginning and the ending. It is saying the same thing in a different way. Repeating the same statement is giving it double significance. It was important in those days to do such things to indicate how severely significant the writing um the letter or the book was. And then lastly, saith the Lord which is and which was and which is to come the Almighty. Now we dealt with that statement which is which was which is to come. We dealt with it last week. But saith the Lord, then he repeats the statement we found earlier in the salutation which is which is which was that we read before the revelation. What is that? It is what is which is which was and which is to come. It is the revelation of the word being expressed through time. It is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. Yes, we know that. Hebrews 13:8. We dealt with that last week. The only difference here is that he adds the words the Almighty. Wow. In case anyone thought that Christ was a second person in the Godhead, someone less powerful than the father, he identifies himself as almighty. Listen people, Christ identifies himself. I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the ending. The almighty. the Almighty indicating that the flesh manifestation of God as Christ is not just the son. It's not just some second person in the trinity is nonetheless almighty the almighty. The reason we call this section that we have just read the key to the book of revelation is because it is going to take constant remembrance of these particular attributes to unlock all the mysteries of the book. So, I'm just saying it plainly to you, right? Those simple verses we just read, which we call the salutation, ending right here with the Almighty, it's going to take a real revelation of these attributes revealed here in these statements. Because if you know Christ in this way, if you know the prophecies of him in this way, then you will be able to understand what is later going to be revealed in this book of Revelation. Amen. So in conclusion, reading Revelations 15-8 as you read it in your book reads like this. and from Jesus Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood and made us kings and priests unto God and his father to him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him, and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, amen. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, sayeth the Lord, which is, which was, and which is to come, the Almighty. So, our question is how to read the book of Revelation. In this case, this is how it should read with revelation. Revelations 1 verse 5-8 and from Jesus, right? So, it should read this. and from the word who was made flesh and dwelt among us who was born of a woman not of the will of man but of the will of God. the only perfect declaration of the person of God who was willing to confirm his testimony by dying willingly and was the first to defeat death while he lived, having the power to raise himself from death into eternal life, and became the only worthy successor of rulers of the earth. unto him who became one of us by his body reconciling us to God and cleansing us from the shame and guilt of unbelief through his selfless sacrifice and made us like himself leaders of life and yet intercessors commissioned by the divine nature which was his very origin. To him we give all the worship recognizing his authority and his rulership and no other. This is the absolute truth. Take heed. He will come again mysteriously with a great company of the saints in theophonic bodies and every soul living and dead will recognize and acknowledge him as God. Even the Jews who rejected his first coming and all Gentiles who rejected him will deeply regret that they made decisions to reject his revelation in their day. Again we say this is the absolute truth. I Jesus Christ hereby declare these statements and prophecies to be the absolute truth confirming it with my name being the highest authority of all things living and dead dimensions seen and unseen being the eternal and unchanging in nature. The same yesterday, today and forever. being almighty God sharing no power with any deity above, beneath or equal to me. Amen. Praise be to God. That is Revelations 1 verse 5 to8. I trust that the word of God was a blessing to you. Have a wonderful evening, saints. May the Lord be with you. Amen. And amen.
