################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-16 - Discouraged by the Message and the Prophet - The Message on Trial - Allistair.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-16
Title:    Discouraged by the Message and the Prophet - The Message on Trial
Speaker:  Allistair
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Testimonies
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2doctzIpqvU
========================================

Description:
In this segment, titled "The Message on Trial," Br Allistair addresses the growing discouragement among young people and parents within the "Message" community. It provides a candid response to online accusations against William Branham while challenging believers to distinguish between true revelation and religious "Branhamism."

The Core of the Discouragement
Many people are leaving the Message because of material from websites like Believe the Sign or Seek Ye the Truth. The preacher argues that what most people are actually denouncing is not the Word, but a distorted, "cultish" version of the Message characterized by legalism and man-worship.
___________________________________
Discouraged by the Message and the Prophet
"The Message on Trial"
14 January 2026_Wednesday
questions@motrc.co.za
___________________________________
00:00 – Introduction: Responding to confused youth and pining parents.
03:40 – Leaving "Branhamism" vs. leaving the Message.
05:54 – Agreeing with the critics: A critique of Message legalism and idolizing a man.
12:47 – Scripture Reading: John 8:43 (Why speech is misunderstood).
16:51 – Is William Branham Malachi 4? The Jesus/John the Baptist parallel.
18:57 – A list of "Internet Elijahs" and the true test of an Elijah ministry.
23:20 – Addressing the "Elijah is the Lord Jesus Christ" statement.
27:48 – John 1:19: Why John the Baptist denied being Elijah.
31:57 – Why the crowds loved the first two pulls but hated the Third Pull (The Word).
37:07 – The 4 Types of Accusations: Homosexuality, Failed Prophecy, Failed Men, and the Cloud.
41:52 – The Role of Hurt: How church abuse fuels the anti-Message movement.
48:24 – Comparing accusations against Branham with accusations against Christ and the Apostles.
01:00:12 – Addressing claims of "Bible Fraud" and the LGBTQ advocates' view of Christ.
01:07:01 – Brother Billy Paul and the "sharks swimming" testimony.
01:11:39 – The "Failed Prophecy" of Matthew 24:34.
01:22:03 – The Cloud of 1963: Analyzing ...
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. We'd like to greet you in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ once again and certainly thankful to be back here on Wednesday nights and um back to work and we appreciate the time that God gives us to share his word. So without much ado because I think we have quite a bit to get to. I would like to begin and um we are going to speak on uh discouraged with the prophet and the message. That's our subject as I spoke to you about on the group. Um that's what the focus is and I'm going to introduce that to you. And for a title, it's going to be the message on trial. Amen. So, in the past months, since August last year, I've been questioned by young people who feel confused about the message based on things they have heard online or seen. And uh parents of young people who are just not interested in coming to church anymore. and some who have denounced the message. And um the concern of these parents is that churches dismiss those who leave as they are never been seed to begin with and are soon forgotten. While the parents are pining for their children and uh suffer in silence, the questions are all based on things they have heard or watched from material produced by Believe the Sign or Seek the Truth. And these are just the two that I've heard of. And um some would say there are other videos or testimonies or uh scandals that have been posted online that are anti- William Branom, anti- message, anti- message churches. So most young people want to know the truth about these accusations and um just some of them just want a chance to argue. You get those everywhere. But most of those that I have heard that is the young people um genuinely want an answer to remove their confusion. One of the main concerns of the parents was what answers do message ministers have to the accusations that are made against the prophet. So, first I want to say I haven't taken the time like I would like to and and I wish I had the time to go to the website of Believe the Sign or Seek You the Truth and and look at all the material that they have to put out and try to refute some of the things. I just haven't and I haven't had the time and I all I've done is respond to things that young people or people have asked me about what was said and um I wish I had the time to uh go and see what they put out and you know uh along with scores of others who have left what they call the message you know um and I say it that way because I believe that a lot of people who left the message, they kind of left churches that claim to believe the message uh many have left it even being in good churches, but their their perception of of the message was actually wrong. So really what they left was branomism and not really the message. In my experience of speaking to these people and it's been quite a few uh or quite a lot rather saying it correctly is that they just don't know the message. Right? So I can only respond to things that are sent to me because I don't spend a lot of time online. Now, I've spent years responding to confused young people who brought me questions, but I was ignorant of where they were getting a lot of the stuff from until they told me of these two sources. And uh one young man emailed me an ebook a very long time ago which I read through but I had no idea that a website was made and all these things were were being posted and so I only became aware of these things as time went on but still did not have the desire to go in there and research everything. Um, so I still don't feel the need to uh and fortunately for for our church, I we've never had someone yet, you know, be discouraged by these websites to the point of leaving the message. And uh so maybe that's the reason I haven't had that feeling to do that. However, some of the material that is sent to me like in a clip or uh an excerpt um some of the material that I read which was sent that came from believe the sign I must say I agreed with some of the things they said I agreed with because it has always been my beef with message people who idolize brother Brandham and overspiritualized everything to the point of losing important parts of just being human. And my church knows and people who have heard me preach that I am the hardest on message people. I don't even speak against denominational people or other religions as much as I go against people in the message who I feel are stepping out of line or you you know abusing the message or uh promoting brandism instead of promoting what the word is. So um the people in our church can attest to that. So um that's been my beef over the years since um I started in the ministry and I haven't made many friends because of those things. And so um I I believe that to the point where people obsess over something till they lose the feeling of being human to one another. And the important aspects of just being a normal person has escaped them. And there were others in the message who to this day over sensationalize everything to the point of defeating the very ends of the core of the message even to the point of going against things that the prophet even said like that we should not do the way we should act things like that. So that being said, I didn't grow up in a church that obsessed about William Brandham and uh that uh you know, we didn't disrespect and cast aside denominational people. I didn't grow up under a ministry that spewed vitriol and hate toward others. We grew up in a community at peace with religions and churches. I'm I'm just saying this as a personal thing because maybe we were fortunate growing up in a small country town where we were known by everybody and we uh you know we were at peace with everybody. We we didn't spend our time going around and spewing hate towards people. We didn't care much for online presence and you know things like that. We we we didn't feel the need to be unpleasant to other people and our home would be filled with with message believers and Hindus and Muslims and denominational Christians. So I didn't grow up with the things that I'm hearing as accusations against me people. You can imagine why some of it was so confusing. And um our pastor, my dad, counseledled people of all kinds and was basically the pastor of the community, never even refusing help to any person who wasn't even in our church. um to the point where when uh he passed away, I think if it were not co time um the majority of people who would would have been at his funeral would have been people not even in our church. So I'm just giving you an example of where I came from and the reason why I'm going to respond the way I am going to in today's segment. So this is why it was confusing when I would visit other message churches in our travels where the legalism was so off the charts where I would see them wrap cloth or shaws around women who were inappropriate inappropriately dressed. Uh if they came to the doors of the church, the deacons wouldn't allow them in unless they were covered up. And this would just chase people away and they would people would be denied entry into the church service or in other places where gifts of the Holy Ghost was so totally out of control to the point of creating rampant unrighteousness for decades. And it's because they were trying to emulate um things that occurred on the tapes in the prophet's life. and they shouldn't have been trying to do that because that was his ministry and not ours. So I don't know the people who started believe the sign. I don't know them personally or seek ye the truth. I do not know any of them personally and I don't know why they chose to do what they do. I can imagine that they must have had heated debates with people in the message and I have nothing against good debates, good, healthy, fair debates. So what I'm saying today is not against those people who made these websites and put these things out online. I'm not saying it to be against them or to be against any other ministries in the message. I'm merely trying to bring light to the young people and families who've reached out to me who are confused and who are hurting and who uh have asked for help. So I don't aim to convince you. I believe that and it's something I've repeated consistently to our church is that if you are convinced into something, you can be convinced out of it by a stronger argument or some other kind of attractive explanation. So I do not want to convince you. I aim to appeal to your faith by pointing out the truth and giving you as much of it as I can to help you make a better choice in choosing to accept or reject the message. Ultimately, it's going to be your choice. Some of the things I'm going to say today, you might not like, you might not be expecting. Um, and um, some of you might think, well, I'm citing with some of the things that believe the sign or uh, somebody whoever it is have said. I don't even know, right? Some of the things I've read, I've uh, I agree because I've seen things in churches where I've seen them misuse the message. So, which I disagree with. So, if they said that, I'm going to agree with that. but where they say things that you know is grossly out of proportion. Well, of course, I'm going to disagree with that. So, I want to begin uh by sharing a scripture. That's our scripture reading for today. And I'm going to um share with you uh the our first scripture. I hope you can see this. It is John 8:43. And it says, "Why do you not understand my speech even because you cannot hear my word?" Why do you not understand my speech even because? So in other words, the reason is because you cannot hear my word. Amen. So what does this scripture even mean? Right? It simply means why do you not understand my speech? you misinterpret what I am saying because you have no revelation of my word. So these are the words of Christ and he's speaking to the Pharisees. He's saying to them, you're not understanding what I am saying because you have no revelation of my word. Right? So this is such a simple concept because if you read the message and you do not have revelation of what is being said, you are not going to understand the words. You are going to misconstrue everything in there. And and that's just common sense. You can you can apply that to any literature in the world. So with that being said, I want to say to you and especially to young people, everything that you believe in the message in the Bible is going to be disproved by people. Everything you believe in the message is going to be disproved by people who fall away from the message. And this is the secret. Some of this God has allowed the same way he allowed Pharaoh to be there. He, the Bible says he ordained Pharaoh um to basically be the one to make things uncomfortable so that they could get out of Egypt because they were too comfortable there. Right? And the Bible literally says it in a way that God ordained Pharaoh. He raised him up for this purpose. And it doesn't mean that God made him that way, but God knew his character. So God allowed it to happen for him to persecute the elect so that they so that they could get out of that comfort zone they were in. So and listen, I'm not calling these people pharaohs. I'm just giving you an example. I don't mean that to be insulting. So the favorite starting point for people in the message obviously it's going to be the prophet which means you as a person have to be sure of the prophet. So there's our starting point right being sure of the prophet. How can you be sure of the prophet? Okay so here's some common sense questions. Did you see the miracles done by brother Brandham? Were you there with brother Brandham? Were you there when the cloud appeared? Can you prove that all things that brother Brandham said were true or not in terms of healings, miracles, discernment? No. You cannot prove a single thing. So hearing things that disprove the prophet's miracles, life stories, testimonies should not even hinder or affect you because signs and wonders are not and never have been our absolute. Okay, let's hold that thought. If miracles, signs and wonders are your absolute then you will be deceived by every TB Joshua of the world. Okay. One of the first claims is that brother Benham cannot be Malachi 4. He cannot be Elijah. So I've heard this. So I'm I'm responding to what the young people sent to me and what people sent to me and say this is what was said by these people. What you know, aren't they right? So, brother Brandham cannot be Elijah. He cannot be Malachi 4. That's a lie because Jesus said that John was Elijah. Is this true? Right. So, here's the scripture that they quote. Let's share that. Uh, this is Matthew 11 verse 13-4. And this is the Lord Jesus saying, "For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John." Now, I've I've heard some of them say, "Therefore, after John, there are no more prophets." Paul was an apostle. All the prophets finished up until John. Therefore, there are no more prophets. And then verse 14, Christ says, "And if you will receive it, this is Elias or Elijah." In the New Testament, Elijah is written as Elias. Right? So if you will receive it, this is Elias which was for to come. In other words, Christ is identifying John the Baptist as Elias. Now you have the scripture. What do we do with this? So it seems like these people are right. Right? The Lord Jesus seems to say that all the prophets were finished with John. He also identifies John as Elijah as if there was no more Elijah to come. Of course, we have an explanation for this, those of us who are in the message. And you cannot debate this with anybody who doesn't believe this unless you yourself are sure that the spirit of Elijah was upon the prophet. Okay? But if even if you are debating with somebody who doesn't believe the message, they're going to say to you, there you go. This is typical message brainwashing. Okay? So, I'm going to show you um what the internet says about Elijah. Okay? And this is this is what I'm doing for people, young people in the message, and you can also check this out for yourself. All right? So this is the internet if you Google uh what who claims to be Elijah and all those people that claims to be Elijah right so here are some of the names Mong Moon Herbert Armstrong Alexander Dawi Joseph Smith William Brham Elizabeth Nikcomia Louis Farrakhan or Lewis Farrakhan and Benny Hinn so these These are just eight people among many who have claimed that they are the Elijah or that they are the one prophesied to be Elijah in this last day. And there are many more. So you can research all these people yourself if you want to. I'm just giving you eight people. But I want you to ask yourself this question. Like I said, I'm just giving you uh the truth. And here is William Brandham's name among many other people in the same kind of time zone that he was. And people who all claimed to be the Elijah of the last day, right? But I want you to ask yourself which one of them, one of these people identified the Ahab of this day. The prophet identified the Ahab as Pentecostalism. Which one of them condemned and prophesied um the death of Jezebel of this day? That is the Roman Catholic system. Which one of them saw a cloud the size of a man's hand and prophesied that rain was coming? Which one of them was a wilderness man, uneducated, rough around the edges? And all of them, of all of them, which one is deemed as the greatest threat with the greatest amount of resistance against them? It's only one of them, right? There may be many fakes, but there is only one genuine ministry. Now, you might say, "Well, you're saying that because you're biased." and and probably yes because I believe that he was the Elijah or one with the Elijah ministry in this day. And so that's still not a good enough argument. So I'm not, like I said, I'm not trying to convince you. I'm just trying to say to you, what is an Elijah ministry supposed to do? If you go back to Elijah, he is the one who identifies Ahab. He identifies Jezebel. He comes at a time where there is drought and there is famine and he prophesies of the rain coming. He brings prophecy that is bringing judgment to Jezebel. Go and have a look at all these other so-called Elijah and see what they are doing and and what their ministries are producing. So even if you get a small percentage of what it is that this message is actually doing, if you don't, you're missing it, right? You're not seeing what the message is doing. It is absolutely exposing Ahab, Jezebel showing uh and in it all you see even an Elisha ministry coming up taking up the mantle. You also see names under that ministry that were not revealed to Elijah. Other names who were hidden under a seal that would be broken and uh who have not bowed the knee to Baal. You see all of this right in this particular ministry. So anyway, let's move on. So however, I would say that still won't prove anything to the naysayers. Now then you have brother Adam himself make some crazy statements, some crazy sounding statements. And this is one among many, right? which just gets people all knotted up and they don't know what to think of it. And why do they not understand his words, okay? Because they don't have revelation of his words. So let's go to trying to do God a service without it being his will. So I'm going to share that on the screen for you. Okay. Trying to do God a service. Now look at this quote. Paragraph 212. Now, he promised that. So, that sets the Bible just exactly to this day. And Sodom and Gomorrah and Elijah was not that wasn't Elijah. That was the spirit of God on Elijah. Elijah was just a man. Now, we've had Elijah's. So, this is brother saying in his day, he they've already had Elijah's. What he's saying now is you've had Elijah's. So this section here where he says we've had Elijah's he mean there have he means there has been there had been people who men and women who had claimed to be Elijah in his day. Then you had movements that were called like Elijah's coats and Elijah's mantels and Elijah's everything. That means in brother man's day there were people who are already claiming to be Elijah. But look at the statement. But the Elijah of this day is the Lord Jesus Christ. He is to come according to Matthew 17 or Luke 17:30 says um the son of man is to reveal himself among his people not a man god. Okay. So, I know this. Um, I've actually had conversation with a young man who said to me, "Look, he's saying Elijah is the Lord Jesus Christ and then he says he is Elijah, therefore he's saying he is Jesus Christ, right?" And you can see how people can be confused with the way the prophet is. You don't blame them, right? And uh so basically if he's saying Elijah is Christ and we know Christ is God and if William Brandham is Elijah and we are all saying William Brandom is Elijah and now he's saying Elijah is Christ. Therefore we are saying William Brandham is God and everybody knows you know among us none of us are saying he's God. We don't worship him. We don't bow down to him. We don't pray in his name. So, but you have to admit these statements look so confusing to people who are reading it at face value who don't even understand or have any revelation of his words. Right? Why do you not understand my speech even because you cannot hear my word? Yet we know how that Moses and Elijah are Old Testament ministries of Christ because we know from Zechariah's vision the two olive trees standing beside the go the golden candlestick are Old Testament types of Christ. So this really doesn't stumble us. I'm just showing you why people say what they say. Okay, let's go to another quote here from trying to do God a service. Believe me, we could go through all these quotes in scriptures and explain it to you. We're going to have a service about each one of them and by the end of it, you'll be whooping and jumping and shouting and screaming and saying, "Hallelujah. Praise the Lord." But these are things that stumble other people who don't have the revelation that you and I have or and they would just say, "Well, you don't have revelation. You're just brainwashed." Okay. Trying to do God service. Paragraph 28. He says, "But it's so hard. It used it used to bother me so bad." Then I found out even our Lord was misunderstood in so many things. He'd say anything and they'd be misunderstood. I guess it just has to be that way. But those who are wise will understand. The Bible said so they'll catch it. Okay? So this is true. To understand all of this, you have to go back to the ministry of of the Lord Jesus Christ and John the Baptist. So let's see if all the things they're accusing William Brandom of hasn't happened before in the time of John and Christ. So that's where I want to go to today in today's service. I want you to see that everything that's being done, all the accusations brought against William Brandom, they were actually brought against John and Christ. John the Baptist and Christ. So I want you to go to go with me to John 1 verse 19- 24. And I'm going to share that on the screen for you. Okay. John the Baptist, right? Was he Elias or not? John 1:19:24. And this is the record of John when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, "Who art thou?" So the Jewish people, their their ministry of that day, the church of that day. Here comes this ruffian, you know, preaching in the river and uh baptizing people uh in God's name and asking them to come to repentance. and he's not working with the Levites. He's not working with the church. And so the Levites feel, hey, we have an obligation to go and ask him what's up, man. You know, who are you? What's going on? Whose name are you doing all this? And what authority do you have? So, who art thou? Right? Verse 20. And he confessed and denied not, but confessed, I am not the Christ. So, he identified himself and said, I am not the Christ. So John the Baptist is saying I am not the Messiah. Then verse 21, they asked him, "What then? Are you Elias?" In other words, are you Elijah? And he said, "I am not." And they asked, "Art thou that prophet?" He said, "No." Then said they unto him, Who art thou? that we may give an answer to them that sent us, "What sayest thou of thyself?" And he said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Isaiah. They were sent, and they which were sent were of the Pharisees. And they asked him, and said unto him, Why baptize thou then? If you're not that Christ nor Elias, neither that prophet, why are you baptizing? What right do you have to this ministry? If you are not Elijah, you're not Messiah, you're not that prophet we're expecting, right? So, what I want to draw your attention to is uh during Christ's ministry, we just read the scripture a little way above. Christ said this is Elias and when John is asked are you Elias he said no okay and this is exactly what brother Bham also did right so during his ministry during Christ's ministry uh and this is this is important for you to understand Christ was rejected for his word right but he was widely acknowledged for his divine divine healing and discernment. Okay. So, we earlier confirmed that Christ said John the Baptist is Elijah. You all agree? But John the Baptist was not accepted as Elijah in his day. And we we're going to come to it now where people have argued about what Malachi 4:5 and 6 is. So, we'll get to that. So in his day, John the Baptist who people who have now left the message are saying, "Brother Bam lied. He's not Malachi 45 and 6." John the Baptist was in Malachi 45 and 6. And yet here is John in the scripture saying, "I'm not Elijah." Right? So uh who was he then? He identifies himself. I'm one crying in the wilderness, make straight the way of the Lord. In other words, prepare the way of the Messiah. His duty, he knew, was to set the way for Christ. He knew it. He had a revelation of what he was supposed to do. But he could not prove it. And he was persecuted for not being able to prove it. And he died for it. Amen. That's the truth. Okay, let's go to another quote, another scripture I'm going to share with you. Right. We're got to set this up before we get to all the meaty sections. This is things people made up of Christ's ministry. Luke chapter 9 6-9. And they departed and went through the towns and preaching the gospel and healing everywhere. Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him. So Christ disciples gone and healing and doing great miracles everywhere. And Herod who was king of Israel at the time, the tetra, he heard of all these great wonders, right? And and this is now after Herod had beheaded John the Baptist. Now Herod is is hearing of this and he was perplexed because that it was said of some that John that is John the Baptist was risen from the dead. Now we know Herod's story. He he hated John the Baptist because John was like the spirit of Elijah bringing judgment to another Ahab in his day, right? And um then there were some people verse 8 says and some of them that Eli some said that Elias had appeared. Now who were they talking about? They were talking about Jesus Christ. There were people who had been hearing Jesus Christ and saying Elijah has come. So some of them were identifying Jesus as Elijah and of others that one of the old prophets was risen again. Who know like Moses or somebody. So in other words, there were people all around Christ who were identifying him differently. Now we know this because when Jesus asked the disciples in Matthew 16, whom do men say that I am? And they said some say you are this, some say you are that some say. So we know this was the condition of things in Christ's day. Nobody could identify John the Baptist. Nobody could identify the Lord Jesus Christ. And these both these men, John the Baptist and Christ made it extremely difficult for these people to even identify them. They just never gave straight answers. So it's the same thing here today. People would be like, "Why can't brother Bam just say this? Why can't he just say that? Why didn't he just say this? You just shut up all the naysayers. No, this is congruent with scriptures people. Okay. And Herod said, "John have I beheaded, but who is this of whom I hear such things?" And he desired to see him. Okay? So once again, during Christ's ministry, Christ was rejected for his word, but he was widely acknowledged for his divine healing and discernment. Is that right? What am I saying? Christ's three pools. First and second pool, the people loved him, didn't they? The people loved the healing. They loved the the discernment. They were flocking to come to him to be fed of the five lo and two fishes and be healed of leprosy and all kinds of things. People loved that that they were coming in droves and great numbers. But when he spoke the word, they were rejecting him. Right? The crowds loved him for the healings and the miracles and the discernments. And when Jesus began his third pull, what was his third pull ministry? Eat my flesh, drink my blood. Your fathers desired the bread from the wilderness which perishes. But this, eat my flesh, the bleeding body word of the son of man, and they turned away. Now watch what happens when he was drawing attention to the son of man ministry and said things like eat my flesh, drink my blood, the 70 disciples left him. And even the crowds who crossed the Sea of Galilee to come and ask him to feed them, they all left him calling him a false prophet, a false teacher. And when he asked the disciples, they didn't say, uh, you know, he turns to ask Peter and the disciples said, "Will you leave me too?" Watch what they said. They didn't say, "Uh, Lord, where are we going to go to?" You know, you're the one with all the miracles and the discernment and the and the the uh great testimonies. They said, "No, Lord, whom shall we go to? For you have the words of eternal life." That means when it comes to the third pole ministry, the bride of Christ is looking for the word, not the miracles, not the discernment, not the first and second polls. If you're looking for those things, you're going to have people who are going to copy those things, who are going to mess those things up, who are bring going to bring shame to those things, and right now going to disprove many of those miracles and discernments that were uh manifested in that time. So this shows us that the elect was always attracted to the word and not the first and second polls. Do you agree? All right. So now let's get to that's our foundation. Now we want to get to the accusations against the prophet. Now I'm going to share this uh with you. Um here we go. So there are basically four types of accusations. Uh there are probably hundreds. I don't even know. Right. If they if these people have a website dedicated to investigating the life of William Brandham, the people around him, his family and his friends and I can imagine there must be thousands of things. But there are four types of accusations that I want to focus on because these are the things that have been brought to me. Okay, so these are the types of accusations. Number one, William Brham is accused of having homosexuals working for him and uh also among that like um immoral people. Number two, there are a whole lot of failed prophecies and thus sayeth the Lord's and stories that he told with no proof or that they were inconsistent or something like that. Number three, brother Brandham or William Brandham was proven false because of the number of failed men in this message. And number four, of course, the favorite, the cloud of 1963. Okay, now let's talk about it. Let's go to um uh and explain what this really is. And I'm going to go through each accusation uh each type of accusation. All right. So all the accusers of William Brham that I have come across and who have spoken to me personally that's what I'm addressing right who were inspired by and they by their own admission believe the sign seek ye the truth and they claim that. So here's what they claim because now like I asked them like some of them are like friends and I'm saying to them listen it's okay if you don't believe you know what I I'm still your brother I you're my brother I will hug you I'll meet you I'll greet you I'll I'll have coffee with you and we can have dinner together. I don't care because I can do that with anybody. I am I'm not afraid of you. You shouldn't be afraid of me. We shouldn't have any bad blood. you leaving the message. It's okay, you know, but why the hate? Why the attack? You know, I'm giving you love. Why do you need to attack me or somebody? I I just don't get this, you know. So, um, they claim their responsibility is to expose a false prophet and get the people back to believing only the Bible and Christ. Okay? I've literally heard these words that that's what they're doing. So I like I have like human conversation with them and I'm saying listen just leave it. Just go and live your life. Go find a better church that you feel is a better fit for you. Go dress how you want to do what you want. Just find happiness. You know, just leave this obsession alone and it's not worth it. just go enjoy yourself, right? Go and and be who you want to be. Forget about the people. No, no. They zero in. They focus. They make it an obsession because they feel it's their responsibility to expose a false prophet and get the people back to believing the Bible and Christ. So, in speaking with them, what I found was a massive gap of ignorance. Okay. uh indoctrination definitely from the sites because when I would speak to them I would hear exactly the same thing that I heard from another person like almost word for word like and the same arguments and I hear from this guy and the same thing from that guy and they're quoting the exact same thing as if they read it somewhere. Now I know this because I hear the same thing when I speak to 7day Adventist or Jehovah's Witness or and I can just hear indoctrination and they'll spew back exactly the same things. So when they do that, I just know exactly where to go to it. It's so easy, right? So why I say um uh ignorance and obsession and then I realized that uh with with a lot of them, I would say most of them. Now remember this is not the people who created the sites and people who started these things. I'm talking about people influenced by them. people some of them who are friends who are people I knew in the message for many years and uh what I found is that many of them are have this obsession because they are fueled by hurt they've been hurt by people in the message by pastors in the message by churches they've been many of them I would say I I would even agree were unfairly treated they could have been treated in a better way And I don't think it's the message that did that because I from everything I know of brother Brandham I've never seen him treat people that way. I you know when I say seen I I hear in in the messages how he treats people how he speaks to them and the respect that he has. So obviously there are people in the message, ministers, church people or whatever and they go and do stuff with people that and hurt them and and and who are um not cognizant of people's feelings when they speak to them. Right? So when it comes to hurt and pride, there is much to be said. I could tell you individual cases I know of, but the truth is people are very often mishandled by message churches and unjustly treated by pastors. This is why I'm saying when I hear some things spoken of by uh believe the sign or something, I agree with it. When they say some, you know, there's cultish behavior, I agree. There are definitely some churches who are without a doubt just cults. cult in their actions. Cult in the way they teach teach their people control their people. They control their people to the point of you can't paint your house a different color unless you consult with the pastor first. It's ridiculous. You can't buy a car without asking him which car to buy. You can't handle your own finances without him advising you how to handle your finances. You know, I don't have the time for things like that. Just go paint your house whatever color you want. Choose whatever car you want to waste your money the way you want to. I'm going to be happy for you because it's your choice. If you want my advice, I ask you. But I'm telling you, I've seen churches where this is done and it's just craziness. So, I agree with them. These people are often these hurt people who were left the message were often demonized by church members. They were shamed publicly or they were, you know, they were excommunicated and they used the the the saying treat them as heathens and publicans and then it means like you cannot even speak to them. Don't pray for them. Don't talk to them. If you meet them on the street, walk the other way. And this is not the Bible because you don't treat heathens and publicans that way. Heathens and publicans you meet at the mall, you say, "Hey, good morning. How you doing?" you know, and how and nice weather today and how's your child? You know, we spoke about that a lot. That's how you treat heathens and publicans. But now when you meet someone who is excommunicated, you treat them like vermin or like they have leprosy because you handed them over to the devil. I don't understand those things. So, and I agree. When people are treated that way, it's just plain out wrong. To the best of my knowledge, these things are inspired by culture and a desire that men have to control other people because they are building up their own ministries. That is not the message. Okay? There is also a lot of elitism in the message. Even in using the term of the term the bride of Christ, when you use the term the bride of Christ, it should be spoken with humility. And often times it's spoken without humility as if we are elite people that just deserve to sit around in our chairs, you know, waiting to be served. Listen saints, though we are the bride of Christ, we are servants of Christ. We should not have the mindset of being uh, you know, judges who walk around condemning everybody. Rather, you should have the mindset of being saviors who judge with truth and honor, not being people who preach condemnation upon everyone and nothing upon ourselves. That is not the message. That is not the way the prophet preached and not congruent with the spirit of Christ. This is the truth. However, I must say on behalf of the church, I will say there are there are scores of honest, good intentioned, good intentioned message people who just want to protect their children or the church from unrighteous miscreants. Let's face it, in some churches we just get misreants. We get people who just want to come there for a free ride. You know, they and you know, any church has these elements in them. They just dare to they want money from you. They want to mess around and they want you to to forgive them for everything that they're up and down, up and down. And of course, there are these people who are taking advantage of our good graces. I'm not talking about those people. Those people are at their core rebellious people. but through making oppressive rules and judging unfairly and swiping everybody with a broad brush. This is the truth that many a goodhearted sincere backslider has been severely injured by church tradition. Let's just say it as it is. Coming back to those who have left the message, I mentioned ignorance because remember in the beginning when I said I saw a massive gap of this ignorance because they just read what they get on believe the sign, seek you the truth, whatever it is, whatever they watched or or read, they just look at that and they are influenced by it and they themselves don't go and read the message, the context of things the prophet said. They don't even see the theme of the message. They don't even see they don't even go back and read church history for themselves. And a result of reading one antibrandom website and not properly studying history and especially church history and all the accusations made against William Brham. What they don't realize when they are doing what they're doing is almost every single accusation made against William Brham are accusations that have been brought against Christ, John the Baptist and the disciples or the apostles and the disciples and apostles were killed, beheaded, martyed, right? And even later to this day there are atheists, agnostics, there are all kinds of people who bring accusations against Christ, John the Baptist and the apostles. Right? Because there are accusations made against the Bible, against Jesus Christ, against the apostles, does it mean that because there are scores of anti-Christian, anti-religion historians, scientists, researchers who who have published proofs who have brought historical documents, witness statements to state their claims against the Bible, against those who compile the Bible. against many of the people in church history. Does it mean the Bible is false? Does it mean Christ is false? Does it mean John the Baptist and the disciples were frauds just because these accusations were made against them and were brought with proofs because this is what's been done to the prophet. Right? Remember, I'm not convincing you. I'm asking you to see the truth. According to the standards that these people who are accusing the brother Benham according to the standards they use to judge the prophet. If the same standard is used to judge Christ then Christ would be false. Then John the Baptist would be false. Then the disciples would be false. Then the entire New Testament would be false. There would be inconsistencies. There'd be discrepancies. There'd be things Paul said that doesn't agree with James. There'd be things here that is said that doesn't agree with that. Go search the internet. You will find websites upon websites of discrepancies in the Bible. These things have already been done over 2,000 years to discredit Jesus Christ and the disciples. So, here's what's probably going to happen. A lot of these people who leave the message are eventually going to leave Christ altogether. I'm saying this because I've already seen it happen. Okay? They just eventually give up completely on um being a believer in God altogether. So yet these message haters, what they don't see about how foolish they look by claiming to defend the Bible from the message when the Bible has already been viferously disgraced by many historians and ex-Christians. In fact, you'll find places where you you might find people why I left Christianity. So when you get YouTube videos why I left the message for every one of those there are another 10 or 100 why I left Christianity what does that prove right in fact the message doesn't even attempt to circumvent the Bible we are the message people are not trying to get people not to believe the Bible but there are people on YouTube and other places trying to get people not to believe the Bible message people actually want to make people Christians. Message people actually want to make people believe in in the Lord Jesus Christ and salvation for sins. We are not even trying to circumvent the Bible. And yet we have people who leave the message trying to make us look like we are trying to take things away from Christ and make William Brandon more important. They've missed the boat. That's the truth. In fact, um the message, you know, one of the most surprising things is the Bible was actually protected by the Catholic Church through all the politics and violence and for all that they said against the Catholic Church, they were one of the one of the denominations that really protected the Bible. Okay, so let's get to the first accusation. All right, the first accusation. And now the these are the things I mentioned on the on the group where I said they're maybe inappropriate for your younger teenagers or who haven't heard these things. And I'm going to mention some names here because these are mentioned. It's it's become public knowledge. So there's this accusation that these two men who are mentioned in the message, brother Gene and brother Lee, that brother Brandham called them his in in inverted commas his tape boys. And there's a lot being said. There's there's like insinuations made because he mentioned those words. Uh they say he created this recording studio called the park. I know I don't know. I haven't read it myself. I'm just telling what's being told to me. In which there's apparently many unlawful documented sexual acts were committed. I have no knowledge of this to whether this is true. So, were these men homosexuals at the time when they worked with brother Bam? I don't know. Did the prophet know this? I don't know. Was he meant to know this? Who knows? Apparently, brother Lee Vale, who brother Maram said was a teacher of the message, made these statements as a fact. In other words, he said them that they were a fact. There's a message he preached on the 1st of July 2000. It was Godhead part 11 by brother Levale where he made these statements and apparently he also said that one of brother Brandham's managers K ferry von Bloomberg was also gay. Uh he said another manager brother Ernie Baxter was a womanizer and even got drunk on brother Brandham's India trip. So we who claim to be in the message, we have people in the message who claim to be in the message releasing these statements to the world of William Brandham haters. So bear in mind these accusations came up after brother Brandham is gone to discredit either those people or his ministry. like why did these people not bring it up in the day when they were with brother Brandham right okay so these accusations are made about the prophet I have no way of checking this or knowing this even the accusers have no way because these people are all dead and gone there's no way to even know how much of credence there is to it let's take this to the time of Christ okay so this is what I want to show young people if you're saying oh my goodness how good brother man these people and whatever. Okay, here's the accusations against Christ. I have read excerpts and books of writers from I've been in this message all my life. I read books. You see behind me, these are books. I read books. I don't spend my time online. And so, by the way, so I try to even check for some of the books that I've read in the past. I cannot even find them. I I try to do this even with AI as the little knowledge that I have. and and basically the AI is telling me the things I am saying are anti-Semitic because I'm trying to look for accusation the Jews made against uh Christ and my goodness I I don't even think that AI would say I'm anti-Semitic. So, but that's what it is. So, some of the material and the books that I know I've read I've picked them up from shelves in the past. They don't even want to put them online anymore. So, they used to be online. And I remember 2014 2015 they were online and there were excerpts from but it's like you can't even find them anymore. But anyway, I've read uh excerpts and and and books of writers who say that some of the Jews during that time claimed that and accused John the Baptist and Jesus Christ of being homosexuals themselves especially because they didn't take wives and uh they didn't claim to be unics because if you didn't take a wife it was acceptable in society but you had to claim to be a unic you have to prove yourself to be a unic And so they didn't like the fact that Jesus Christ and because look all the priests had wives and they had children to show that they were not weird, right? And so here's John the Baptist and Christ not taking wives. And then some of them accused uh or or them after they had already died to discredit their ministry because in Jewish society homosexuality was taboo. Uh Jesus was disrespected for claiming to be a rabbi and letting a prostitute woman touch his feet. My point is if you're saying why did brother Bam HAVE ALL THESE PEOPLE, WHY DID Christ let a prostitute woman touch his feet? Right? Why did he go and speak to a prostitute woman in the street when it was against the law at that time? Why did he have uh or sit with the publicans and the wine bibbers? Why did he have all these discredited, unworthy people around him all the time? Like to me, this argument is is really very stupid. Right? So there's a a very odd scripture um uh which really kind of lacks context in Mark 14:51- 52 when they were coming to arrest Christ. It says a young man who followed Jesus and the disciples and that he was always like naked and he just wrapped a cloth around himself to cover his nakedness and that when they came to arrest Jesus and they tried to grab this young man thinking he was part of this party that he just dropped his robe and ran off naked. Right. And um the the excerpts I read suggested that he might have been homosexual. This is why he set apart from uh the group because he was homosexual and the words were he was a soft boy or in the Greek an epheminate which in that time meant he was homosexual right and that is the reason why he didn't sit among the group because he sat away but he was really interested in what u Jesus was saying and he was attracted to the words of Christ and so there was accusations now brought to Christ. Look, you have someone following you who's a soft boy. He's homosexual. Um, so I've read a book called The Bible Fraud many years ago in which Europeans say that Jesus had an affair with Mary Magdalene and he had children through her, right? And that's why he loved her. Um, there's also accusations made to say, you know, well, Jesus uh loved John and John lay on his breast and therefore there's that there was some hint of homosexual behavior there. These are actually things that were said against Christ. I'm saying to you things that are brought against William Brham, they're not new. They were they were things that were brought against Christ, John the Baptist and the disciples. There in this book, the Bible fraud, the kings of England, France, and Italy, and even Germany claimed to be in the lineage of Christ. And this book claims that Jesus Christ and his mother Mary were of some kind of royal line and they could trace it back to the Celtic royal bloodline. And this is actually written materials. I read this book. I've seen the excerpts. I've seen the detail on the research and uh pottery and paintings and carvings and all kinds of things of proof that they have that Jesus Christ was not who he said he was and he was actually there was actually another story behind it. So in this modern age, the common argument that you are going to see, you young people today are going to see online is if homosexuality is wrong, then why didn't Jesus Christ come out and condemn it outright? There isn't a single scripture where he says he speaks against homosexuality. In fact, Christian LGBTQ advocates claim that Jesus Christ may actually have been queer because he chose not to marry and because it was not acceptable in that time uh uh because he was queer. So, he just chose not to to be married. And now they also accuse people who say that Christ might have been married because of their arguments to try and normalize Christ. Is there truth to any of these things? Listen, this is like basically bashing Christianity. If you're going to go this far to accept accusations like that, baseless, stupid accusations against the prophet and against men who were around the prophet, well, there's a lot to go around. There's a lot of accusations made against Jesus Christ, the disciples, John the Baptist. Go read the history. It's already been done. What's being done now is stale news. Okay? That's what I'm telling you. Um, in that time of Christ, was their sexuality of society like that in the time of Christ? It was terrible because Christ lived in what was called the Greco Roman period or under their influence. And we know that the Bible tells us that Jesus, the Bible tells us Jesus was tempted on all points as a man. So for certain there must have been those around him that could have been questionable. There must have been women who tried to proposition Jesus Christ. There might have been men who who tried to proposition Jesus Christ. There might have been people who watched him talk to a woman or talk to a woman who was trying to flirt with him or a man who was trying to flirt with him. This was Greco Roman society at the time. There must have been many stories going around. Why is he he's 30 years old. He's in his father's house. Why is he not getting married? There must have been many things that went on. Does that prove that Jesus word was wrong? That's your choice. The Bible doesn't even give any of these details. What is your response to these people who leave the message, who bring these accusations? That's not in the Bible. So, we don't accept it. All right? Is that is that your is that is that the response? That's not in the Bible. So we So what what happens is and I've done this when I tell this to those people who have left the message. It's like you're doing this to Jesus Christ. You're comparing you're comparing uh you're comparing our Christ to William Brandham. You're trying to make what? I'm not even doing that. Stop making stupid comparisons. I'm not even doing that. I'm just saying to you the same accusations you bring against William Brandom have been brought against Christ. So how do you refute that? Look at these documents. Look at these excerpts. Look at what's been said. And then you watch them. They will tell us now if you try to defend William Brandham and you use certain things in certain ways and certain phrases, you start to see them trying to defend Christ in exactly the same way. It's just hypocrisy. Right? So I don't get the point of this argument. whether the prophet had people around him who have strange or questionable sexual orientation. To me, it's a very stupid argument. It does not at all discredit the word that was preached. I would expect that brother Baram could have had many questionable people around him, all kinds of people in churches and he might have himself made very questionable decisions about marriages, about people because they that would be congruent with all the prophets in the Bible. They were not meant to do anything else but be vessels to deliver God's word. Go back and check the Bible. The greatest problems to the prophet Samuel were his own sons, their own family. People are Does that discredit Samuel? Does that discredit who he was, his person or the word that he brought? No, it doesn't. Right? So to me, when you bring those accusations, that's a little bit immature. Right? Be be better. Okay. The second accusation is failed prophecies and thus said the Lord's stories with no proof. Okay. anti-brandom researchers will not stop spending time seeking our prophecies of brother Brandham to I mean there's there's probably tens of hundreds I don't know in the message if you could go through it scrutinize each thing because you had the ability because voice of God recordings put it out there so you have a treasure trove of places to go and research and find fault with everything you can't do that with Paul you can't do that with any other minister because nobody else in the history of the Bible has had his work over decades, two or three decades uh recorded in both audio and word for you to scrutinize. Not even Jesus Christ, not even every sermon Jesus Christ preached. Do you have in tape and book form to scrutinize and check? Was there discrepancy here? Was there discrepancy there? Did he say this this way? There did he say the same story there? this way. You don't have this with anybody else in the history of the church, but you have this with this humble Kentucky and he's like, you know, he's like got hooks on him with bait and there you go. Cob boy seek. That's what's happening. So, uh, another is brother Billy Paul's testimony of what brother Baron said about shark swimming where he's standing before he was an old man. When brother Billy Paul died, I had people reaching out to me. Brother Alice, is the rapture going to take place now? Like what's going to happen? And you know, uh, was brother Benham false here? I just want to say this with due respect to brother Billy Paul. That account is not in the message. It's not anywhere in the books or in the tapes what brother Benham said to brother Billy Paul. It's brother Billy Paul's testimony, his own personal testimony. And with due respect to him, when we know how the prophet speaks, we just don't know what God showed the prophet and what context it was when he spoke about that. We just don't know it. And we cannot even place any faith in it because it wasn't told to us. It was told to him. Who knows why it was told to him like it had to give him incentive to do something in his life. It was for him. It was not for us. It was not for you and I to say, "Oh, California is going to sink before brother Billy Paul dies." No, it didn't say that, right? So, that's just simply the truth. Claimed healings of people who were sick and died after brother Maramon proclaimed them healed. We don't know any of this. We can't we can't uh corroborate. We don't have any evidence. We can't go and say, "Well, of course, they were healed because brother Madam said so." Listen, those people could have taken it back. Those people could could have told brother Brandham, "Thank you, brother Brandon. We were healed. 20 days later, they were not healed and they feel dejected." And he told so many of them, "Go believing. Your faith makes you whole." You know, just like how Christ told the people. And when he preached demonology, he says, "The same faith that took it away. If you if you disbelieve, unbelief brings it back again." Listen, I'm not even going to defend that. Defend him there. So, historians and atheists did the same things to Christ. Where I'm going to ask you now, where are the proofs of the healings that Christ did? Where is the proof, the empirical proof of feeding 5,000 with two loaves and five fishes? where all we have is the disciples word that was written and passed down through generations. If you apply the same standard you are criticizing William Brandham with then you must apply the same standard with the Lord Jesus Christ. Why must you have total faith in what Jesus Christ and the Bible says and you cannot have faith in these things that the prophet has said. What's the difference? You have the ability in this time to go back and interview people and check this and check this. But you cannot do that with Christ. Which is what happens when you speak to atheists, they ask you where's the proof? And you have no proof. So these same people leaving the message. When atheists and other people ask you, "Where's the proof of Jesus Christ?" You can't answer. You're being a hypocrite. You can't answer. And you saying, "Well, we believe it by faith." You've got to have faith. So I have faith in the message of the prophet, and I don't need to prove anything to anybody. That's the truth. So, there were reliable historians. Here's the thing. There were reliable historians in the time of Christ like Josephus and Tacitus, the Roman historian. Why aren't their accounts in the writings of Josephus and Tacitus uh about all the miracles and the healings that Christ did? Why do they not corroborate what is written in the Gospels? Shouldn't there have been historians around uh corroborating all the evidence if it made such a big stir? Right? Whose word should we believe? Should we believe the historians or should we believe the disciples who were devoted to Christ and who could possibly have made up everything? Because this is what they're saying we did with William Brandom. Here is one of the favorites, right? According to them, none of the prophecies in Matthew 24 have come to pass. It's been 2,000 years. Right? Let me show you the accusation made against Christ. All right, let's share this. It's phenomenal, people. All right. I still hear Christians and message be people struggle with this today. Matthew 24:34, "Verily I say unto you, this generation shall not pass till all these things be fulfilled. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." When the Bible says that heaven and earth shall pass away, but my word shall not pass away, he means that everything I told you is 100% the truth, right? So, we all know Matthew 24, right, from the beginning. false Christ shall arise and shall deceive many and so on and so on. There's going to be the abomination and make it desolation and all the there's beams famines and wars and the trumpets and this and that. And he said comes to verse 34 and said this generation shall not pass till all these things be fulfilled. And here's the problem. Historians and people who criticize Christ say that all those things did not come to pass and that generation had died. Therefore, Christ is a false prophet. Right? So verse 35, he is emphasizing heaven and earth shall pass away but my words in other words my words can never fail. Right? And how many times do I do I hear people when they're praying Lord you said heaven and earth shall pass away but my words shall never pass away. Your words never fail, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to God. But here you have people who criticize the Lord Jesus Christ. So let me tell you, the Bible even tells you that even the disciples believed this that all these things that Christ spoke of in Matthew 24 were going to happen in their day. That's why they believed the second coming was going to happen in their day. Some believe that John John the divine the revelator might be the one who survived to see the coming but he died and then Jesus Christ hadn't come the second time. They claim brother Brandham is false because so many of his prophecy didn't come to pass. These same people cannot explain the scripture to me. Matthew 24:34-35 they cannot explain it. They have no explanation. I had one guy tell me, "No, no, no, no. It's related to the fig tree. Therefore, the generation he said this generation shall not pass is when the fig tree is budding. And it was 1949 when Israel became a nation. That's the generation. And then I said to him, hey, hold on a second. That generation has already passed. Have all these things happened now? Because he's speaking of this generation, this generation of the fig tree. So that generation has passed. Another generation has passed. And here we are and all these things have not come to pass yet speechless. They cannot. Right? So do you realize that all these accusations that they're making against the prophet have been made against Christ? And and here look listen look at the comparison. Brother Bam is gone 60 years and they're calling it failed prophecy. Christ has gone 2,000 years and apparently these have not come to pass. I'm just telling you what the atheists have said. We have knowledge of the revelation of all things. We know what's come to pass and where it is. We know what the fifth trumpet is, the sixth trumpet is. We know all those things. We can explain that. How do these people who leave the message and denounce everything? Church ages, trumpets, the way the prophet preached, how do they explain this? They can't. That's the truth. They can't throw it back at them. They don't know what to say. Right? So, what about the claim? Now, here's another one. I read this in the Time magazine like it could have been in the year 2000 or something or somewhere where um something was written against the Bible and they said John chapter 17 where Jesus is praying in Gethsemane and all the disciples were sleeping. So, if all the disciples were sleeping, how could Jesus prayer have been recorded? There was nobody listening to him praying all by himself. So that means John 17 was made up and added later into it. It's so amazing because John 17 is actually the complete message of Christ the mystery of God revealed. It's phenomenal. It starts off with father glorify me now with the glory which I had before with the with thee before the world was. I mean that's like God in Christ. And then he said, "Father, I would that these be with me that that as I am with you, so they are with me and we are one." That is Christ in the bride. And then you find, "I pray for these, but not these alone, but those that should come that are none of this fault." It's just incredible. It's the entire chapter is Christ the mystery. But here you have historians and people and critics of the Bible saying it is false because if all the disciples were sleeping in Gethsemane, how could Jesus prayer have been heard? If it was all by himself, how could they have known his words? Therefore, it is made up. If you are a believer in Christ, if you're someone who read the message uh and now left the message, what is your answer to this accusation? because you're bringing the same kind of accusations against William Brandham. Some Christian historians say that there is proof that Jes proof that Jesus uh was not crucified. More unbelieving historians say there is no proof that Jesus was crucified at all. Right? But yet both Josephus and Tacitus confirmed that there was a man called Christ who was crucified. That's that's in their script. He was crucified under Pontius Pilate and Josephus confirms the existence of Christ and many amazing deeds that were done. But it is not enough for the educated world. You can't take this to an atheist and prove it. Okay. So in some of these writings like the book I told you about the Bible fraud claims that Jesus had a twin brother named Judas Crestus who was kept hidden and then was crucified in Jesus place because they were twins and then 3 days later Crestus' death Judas Crestus was his death was covered up his body was disappeared and then Jesus comes out into the open to say that he was resurrected again. So that's a story and this is the story that's been given from the world that shows how the resurrection of Jesus Christ was done. Okay? And that the the plot was Judas Crestus was the body lying in the tomb that was stolen and buried somewhere. And now if you meet somebody you people of leave who leave the message, you meet somebody who brings this material to you. Can you argue with them? No. Because you have no solid proof of the resurrection. You have no solid proof of anything that Christ did 2,000 years later. You have no proof. All we have is the word of the disciples uh who are all dead. You cannot speak to them. And uh not all of their writings even get the story exactly the same. But we believe it because we have received the Holy Ghost. We have no scientific proof or historical proof of the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ. All we have is just the word of the four gospels. In fact, brother Brandham himself gives us increasing faith of what the four gospels are. He's more of a man who makes us believe in the Bible than to disbelieve the Bible. That's what I don't understand about these accusations. Okay. Accusation number three, they claim brother Madam was false because of the number of failed men in this message. Many people are falling away and and supposedly they are exposed as false teachers, false preachers. Okay. So they also claim that brother Madam ordained men who later brought in false doctrines and had marriage or immoral problems. Are those things true? Yes, many of those things are true. So they say if he was a true prophet, how could he not have seen what these men were and what they would do? That again is such a stupid argument and I'm sorry for saying that, but I'm not really sorry. Christ ordained Judas and the 70 Judas betrayed him. Peter denied him three times. And the 70 that that he prayed over and went around healing the sick and casting out devils in his name forsook him. What does that prove? So what is your argument? I don't get it. According to the Bible, Jesus Listen people, and I I say this to to our churches so many times. Listen, Jesus was the Messiah. You that leave the message and want to defend the me the Bible and Jesus Christ against the message, listen to me. Jesus Christ is the Messiah, the son of God, the son of man. And all he could get was 11 disciples and a church of 120 people to believe him really. And you want the whole world to listen to brother Baram and and where brother Barham must be so perfect, right? That he must be so convincing, he must say things in such a way that it must please the mind of every rational thinking person. Yet Jesus Christ himself could only get 11 committed disciples and 120 people in the first church. What is your argument? Because it really doesn't sound good. Being the Messiah, having the most reportedly amazing ministry, was that all was that all the people he could come up with in his time? Does that make Jesus false because he ordained men who were eventually going to reject him? Didn't he know? Well, he did. He said, "I've chosen the 12 of you, and one of you is the devil." All right, I could go on, people. There's so much to this. Um, accusation number four, the most favorite of all, the cloud of 1963. So, they claimed that brother Benham lied that he was there on February 28th, which I want to say he did not say. Brother Benham, there's no place in the message where he says he was there on February 28th. I've had this argument with people on both sides in the message and out. Because there are people in the message who say, "Brother Bam said he was there on February 28th." He doesn't, right? There are some who adamantly claim that he was there on February 20th. I found no place in the message where he says that. If you do, please show it to me. However, there are places in the message where he speaks as if he was there when the picture was taken. That's a problem, right? That's what gets people uh in nuts. But if you read enough of the message and you get to know how he speaks, then you will understand his words. The truth is he spoke like any flawed man. A man with flaws without the greatest articulation and with possible inconsistencies based on his own personal mental acuity and inabilities for which I believe God chose him. God chose him for the way he spoke, for exactly his grammar, for everything that he was. God chose him for the very reason. So I've heard people who live leave the message claim who told me, "Brother Perry Green's testimony was that the picture, the cloud picture was docked to make the face of Christ visible." Okay, fine. Uh probably it was done. I don't know. So I want to show you the actual magazine and picture. I photographed it. I have my own personal copy here of the actual life magazine uh the the the edition the May 17th edition. I have one of those here. It's was preserved over time. So, I've got one of them. So, I took a picture of it for you and I'm going to share that with you. Okay. Um here we are. So, this is the cover of the life magazine. You can see there governor and the new Mrs. Rockefeller. You can see the the date there at the bottom. May 17th, 1963. All right. So, this is the cover of the magazine. If you open it up, you will find this picture. Okay. A high cloud ring of mystery. Now, notice this is the actual original picture. And my magazine seems to have a little blemish and a fold there on the page. So that uh thing there in the center is not exactly in the picture. And on the right there is an article and other pictures taken from distances. You've got a picture taken from Phoenix. You got a picture taken from Prescott. You've got a picture taken from what is this? Winslow. So in other words, even though the cloud uh appeared over Flag Staff, it could be seen from cities miles away. That's how high this thing was. Okay. So then if you continue and you read the article, which is important, the article tells you it was taken the picture was taken over Febru February 28th. Uh watches struck by the clouds, odd shaped. So if you read also in this magazine on the on the the page just before this there's uh it seems like this section of the magazine was um printing like mysteries things that were unexplained on the other side were these like moon beams created in somewhere um oh or something like that. So uh it's like this segment where they were showing mysterious things. Okay. And this man Dr. James McDonald, a meteorologist at the Institute of Atmospheric Physics in Tucson. His words were, this is not brother Brandham's word, 26 mi high, 30 mi across, a lot higher and bigger than a cloud should be. That's his words, uh, a circle was, the circle was too high to be made by a jet plane. As and I'm reading as far as Dr. Macdonald can determine there were no rockets, rocket planes, or bombs being tested nearby that day. He hopes anyone else with pictures will lend them to him. This is the article. For he would like some more clues about the cloud 26 mi up where no water droplets exist at the height to make at that height to make a cloud. So I'm saying to you that's the article brother Brandham read when it was published in May 17. He didn't make that up. That was written by the scientist. The scientist who took the picture said there were no rockets. There were no bombs. He had checked and then he was asking for other people to corroborate and whatever. So I don't know if he came up thereafter. I'm not even sure because I haven't read all the stuff on it. I really didn't have any interest in doing so because it really doesn't interest me because I know exactly what this whole thing is about and it doesn't matter to me. Right? So the picture and article were not influenced or written by brother Brandon. It was done before he was aware that it was even a cloud. The claim is now from what I'm hearing from what's been published in many places is that there was a Thor rocket which NASA fired on the west coast and it was most probably the cloud from that rocket that made this thing. So what is the truth of it? The truth is brother Brandham was never there on February 28th when this thing was photographed. Right. Right. By his own accounts, he was traveling to see a young man on death row in Houston, and he only arrived back in time for hog hunting season to be open. By his own account, he was probably there in the region between the 5th and the 8th of March, which would be one week or so after the cloud had appeared over Flag Staff. That's one week later. You'll you'll literally hear him say in the message like in the breach message uh he said a week or 10 days the breach message was on the 17th of March 1963. He says something like a week or 10 days ago this happened and he was in Tucson and so on and he gives an account. So one week later is his testimony. But yet when he speaks about it while preaching in a passion of preaching he's afterward after seeing the article and recognizing this cloud right during that hunting trip he has an experience. He details the experience when he comes to preach the seals. He talks about an experience that he has. He does not mention what shape or what the cloud look like. He talks about this pyramid-shaped constellation and he only talks about the experience. Perhaps in the experience as it went up it formed a shape. As it went, that's the best we know. When he sees it in the magazine, he didn't see a doctorred picture which someone else doctorred it. But when he sees this picture that I just showed you and reads that article, it immediately resonates with him. Nobody has to tell him. It immediately resonates with him. That's his experience, right? And he already had the experience before the picture was published. When he speaks about it afterward, he's like all over the place. So excited. His stories about it over the next 2 and 1/2 years are conflicting in the details of where, what, and which date, but the experience he has still remains the same. Seven angels appear constellation telling him about the seals. That's the experience. The story about the cloud might be conflicting but the experience is exactly the same. Only in Easter of 1965 is he urged by the Holy Spirit to turn the picture to the right and he identifies it is our Lord up there. Right? He details over those two 2.5 years uh all over the place. But he even says in what is the attraction on the mount. So let let me give you an example. So in what is the attraction on the mount is the only time he actually mentions sunset mountain. The only time he speaks out where he always talks about being in Tucson and so on and so on. But then he says in what is the attraction of the mountain? He says something like, "Get on the map and see if sunset peak there." Watch this. He says, "That's exactly where it happened. I never know it till the other day." So in what is the attraction? 1965 is the only time he speaks about Sunset Mountain. Why? Because whatever happened when he was in Tucson or wherever he was or whichever place he was in, this is his account. You can't go and try to argue with these believe the sign people or people leaving the message and make and put your own facts in there. You'll just come up short. Don't do that. Right? Whatever happened after his death was because by those who followed him, many brothers in the message were zealous message people who made the mistake like all people who idolize a man. When people respect a man, listen people, I've got some of the books here myself. When you respect a man, you make an idol out of him, right? You you make books about him. You write books. You print books about him. You'll print better books about him. You'll print his name in gold and silver. You'll enhance pictures about him. You'll use even AI to brush things up and make them look even prettier, make it nicer to because you want people to share in your excitement. All the while doing so, you are tapping into a human element of idolizing somebody or something. So, this was no mistake. My point is, young people, if you're confused, older people, if you're confused, I'm telling you right now, this was no mistake. God permitted it because God knew it's going to happen. This is what you've got to understand, right? When uh it had to be God permitted it. God. Do you really think if God was with William Brandham all his life, gave him visions, gave him the word, this this uneducated man gave him the word and that what he was going to say was not going to produce this whole ruckus in the the after the year 2000, did you really think God did not know this was going to happen? Do you think this just happened by mistake and these people all are suddenly incentivized to to go out and uh come against the message and publish stuff? Did you think God did not know this was going to happen? Well, of course he did. This exactly why he chose the man to say those things to actually produce the problem. People made it all about them, but it had nothing to do with them. Cloud has nothing to do with you people. Sorry. It was all to do with him. His experience and this picture taken by strangers served to do only one thing and one thing for him to vindicate to him the seventh seal to him personally to strengthen him to complete his work. How do we know this? Many people saw the cloud in that time. It meant nothing to them. It still doesn't. But to him it meant something because he had a vision of Christ in Miller's field as a young man. Later he sees a Hoffman's head painting in Billy Sunday's church. And then he connects the person he sees in a vision in Millersfield to the one he sees in Billy Sunday's church on the Hoffman's head and said that is the closest that's the kind of person I never saw Hoffman's head before but the one I saw in a vision in Millisfield looks so close to Hoffman's head only to realize that years later a cloud is going to appear which he's not even going to photograph but that that picture of Hoffman's head is going to fit so perfectly ly into the cloud. You can do that with the picture taken in this magazine, right? You don't have to doctor the picture. It actually fits in there. It's going to appeal to him personally. If you and I saw it, we would never have thought of it because we didn't see Millisfield experience. We didn't have Milisfield experience. We didn't see it for the first time in Billy Sunday's church. No, we were told this happened, this happened, this happened. You accept it by faith, right? uh you'll actually read about this in spiritual food induces paragraph 85 to 87. So to say these people influenced by these websites to say he was lying all the time would mean he actually had the incentive or the intent to deceive. Did he really? This is all happening in real time. Did he really? Did William Brandham know? Oh my, I got to say all this about this cloud because I'm going to deceive thousands and thousands of people after I'm dead. Really? Did he this man really have the smart to deceive the FBI to deceive people among them? He was like he must have been the most one of the most brightest geniuses of his time to have duped so many people. Right. Okay. um when you look at it and he says, "I didn't even know this about Sunset Mountain. I didn't even know this until the other day." He was like, "Didn't you read the article properly?" Right? Okay. The way to look at this young people is to look at the first coming. Um so remember now this is an these are accusations brought against brother Benam. He was the only one who recognized Christ in the cloud. It was his record that that is our Lord up there. Okay, are you ready for this? Here's John the Baptist who's waiting for a sign in the heaven to show him who Christ is. Listen people, wake up and smell the coffee. Jesus was his cousin, so to speak. He played with him. They had family gettogethers together when they were kids. They had functions together. They had maybe bomb mitzvah together. I don't know. But they were cousins. They visited one another. He knew this man. He knew this this teenager who he played with. He was 6 months older than him or something like that. But he was he saw him. He saw how weird this guy was. He saw you know the way he acted. But you know he didn't he must have heard the prophecies. His mother, Elizabeth, would have spoken of Mary and how what had happened and how that when she spoke, the babe leapt in the womb. He must have heard all that. But through his entire life, you mean to tell me he lived with Jesus Christ and didn't know he's the Messiah and he was waiting for a sign in the heaven? Come on people, wake up. Read the Bible better. Right? So when the sign only when the sign came then John who's the cousin of Jesus says oh it's you and it takes a sign from heaven to show me this really you people living the message because you believe the sign what is your answer to this right the man is living with with Christ knows who Jesus is but needs a sign from heaven to say this well that is what a prophet needs for vindication ation. Let's read John 1:31-35. All right. Are you still with me? Praise be to God. I know it's taking long, but I got to get through this. And I knew him not, but that he should be manifest to Israel. Therefore am I come baptizing with water. This is John speaking. And John bare record. I saw I saw the spirit descending from heaven like a dove and it abodeed upon him. And I knew him not. I knew him not. Hold on. You didn't hear your mother speaking about Mary and her baby. You Nobody told you what happened in the temple at 12. You see this guy? He's your He's your cousin. He's He's so weird. He's always so knowledgeable about the gospel. Can you don't know? I knew him not. What are you talking about? But he that sent me to baptize with water, which means John heard a voice telling him to go and baptize with water. Same said unto me, upon whom thou shalt see the spirit descending and remaining on him, the same is he which baptized with the Holy Ghost. Which means John who lived with Jesus for about 30 years was unsure that he was the Messiah. And you got people today believing that Jesus will come and they'll be so sure they'll know exactly who he is. You know, I don't understand. These people don't read the Bible properly. In verse 34, he says, "And I saw and bear record that this is the son of God." Right? So, I saw and I bear record that this is the son of God. So here he sees his cousin walking to him and at the time after 30 years his cousin comes walking to him on the banks of the the Jordan to come and be baptized of him and he sees a sign in the heaven. Now here's the question. Did everybody else see that sign h no only John saw it. Why? Right. And here's something. Somehow the Jews knew that Messiah would be identified by a sign from heaven. Right? That's why they kept asking. Go read Matthew 16:1, Mark 8:11, Luke 11:16. Show us a sign from heaven. Show us a sign from heaven to show that you're the Messiah. Somehow they knew even Jesus Christ himself said that spoke of the sign of the son of man appearing in the heavens relating to the second coming. So it's actually a thing. A sign in the heaven to to show the sign of the coming is a thing that forerunners are supposed to identify. It seemed like John knew this. He was not just going to accept what they said about Jesus, about what his mother said about Jesus, about the accounts of Mary and Joseph. He was not just going to accept that. He was waiting as the forerunner for a sign from the heaven which only he would recognize, he would identify and it would only vindicate to him personally. That's why I say to you that cloud is not about you, right? It's about him. It was only for him to vindicate something to him concerning the seventh seal. It was only for him. You can do all you want to to make it about you. It's just not. So don't even waste your time trying to defend it or try to go back and it was not for you. Stop making it about you and the bride and everybody else. It was for him. He bear record. He spoke about it. He said, "Go read the message." What was that circle of light? It was him vindicating his word. Amen. Okay. So what was that was the purpose of the forerunner. It was a sign. It was not a sign everyone would accept. You know I even said when I was preaching about it I said to the people John looked up and sees the spirit of God descending like a dove. It wasn't a dove. It was something like a dove. Could it have been a cloud in the shape of a dove? Could there have been something that opened up the sky and something looked like a shape of a dove and light beaming down on Christ as he walked to the river? Somebody looking from the north or the south or the east or the west seeing the same thing must have said, "hm, that looks like a dog or a cloud. Oh, it's pointless." Like, what is that? Maybe most people didn't even see it. Maybe most people didn't even care. Only John recognized it and it resonated with him and he preached that is the coming of the Lord. Okay. Now as the church of tomorrow you have to be prepared for such things. You have to see the purpose of God choosing brother Benham was so that the message would be rejected by many. Wake up people. Do you really think there's going to come an Elijah who's going to be accepted by everybody? I don't understand. This is why I say people leaving the message didn't really see the message. Because if you really see the message, then you know these things had to be okay. So the message that you believe is going to be on trial. That's why my title is the message on trial. It's going to be on trial exactly like Christ is right. I'm telling you right now, the message you believed has to be on trial. It has to be picked apart. It has to be disproved. It has to be shamed just like Christ was. It has to be broken down. It has to be trampled on. It has to be crushed in a way that it has to shake you to your roots and shake your very core of your belief. It has to be that way. It was ordained to be that way. That's why God chose that man. If he chose me, ought to have messed it all up. He chose that man for that purpose. That's exactly why it is necessary. While everyone else focuses on that, the bride focuses on the word. Everyone else is going to focus on proving him wrong, defending him or something, the bride is focusing on the word. The question you have to ask yourself, young people, is are you going to be able to stand when everything around you is proving it wrong? Will you stand when your friends, your loved ones, your mother, your father, your brother, your sister fall away and are deceived by what they read or what they see or watch. Young people, you are the church of tomorrow. What are you going to to do? How are you going to be prepared for what's coming? Okay, I'm going to ask you some real questions as we close and answer me this. Which Christian denomination can you name for me right now that will you can actually depend on? If you leave this message right now, which one are you going to go to that will withstand the mark of the beast? Tell me which one. Which Christian denomination, if you leave the message, which one is totally perfect and dependable? Pentecostals, Episcopalians, Baptist, Anglican, Jehovah's Witness, 7th Adventist. Which one is perfectly on the money with the Godhead, with Jesus, with the deity of Christ, with predestination, with the original sin, with baptism the correct way? Which one is the one that will not fold to the mark of the beast? Which one? Which church is not interested in having a lobby in the political world to need funding from the government? Which one? Which church has the word that can sustain you and keep you for what's coming? So, I have no reason to convince you. The choice is completely yours. We have no reason to fight against you. I have no reason to fight against believe the sign or seek ye the truth or whoever they be. I am not I don't want to be an apologist. I don't want to defend brother Madam's misstatement here or this statement there or uh how this was said or whether he made a mistake with the number or I don't I don't have the desire to do that. I don't even have the time to do that. I'm not going to do it. It's very simple. It's entirely your choice. The question comes down to what went you out to see? What did you see? A reed shaken in the wind? A prophet? It's your choice, right? Concerning Christ, Christian apologists claim that Josephus and Tacitus may not have reported Christ's miracles because his deeds may have been suppressed by the Jews or Rome. So I'm saying let's say believe the sign and seek ye the truth have good intentions. Let's say they are being fair, which I don't think they are really. If you are doing proper investigations and proper journalism, you want to you want to present something to the public, you should be unbiased. Okay? So, if you really want to be fair and unbiased, why only interview people who are anti- William Brandham, people who are disgruntled and hurt by a church, and you interview them and make them give their testimony and publish it. Why only interview people who are who are anti? Why not interview people on the other side and say, "Here's what these people said, but let's interview brother so and so and let's hear what he say." Why not interview somebody who is pro- William Brandon? Let him have his say. Don't debate him. Why not interview all those people who say this prophecy did come true? I was healed in the meetings. I get people here in South Africa who believe they were healed in Brother Barham's meetings uh nobody interviews them uh to to come forward. Why not put it on your website and say well here's all the testimonies against William Brandom. Here's all the testimonies for William Brandham. Here's all now here's the unbiased record. You decide. No, they're not willing to do that. Nobody's willing to do that. So young people for all the testimonies you hear of the naysayers who left the message and tell you how they were in a cult and they were with this minister and this one did to them. Why don't you listen to the thousands of people who are actually happy in the message who are thrilled with the their minister and the their life in the message and they are happy and they will tell you of their salvation and a healing and how the message made them give up smoking and drinking and a life of of drug addiction and all that. Why not hear their testimony? Why only all the negative? Are you really being fair? Right? Why not? Why will not believe the side in seeking the truth not just report what these people say that is for the message and leave it at that? Why? Why not do that? That would be fair and balanced critique. Academic fair and balanced critique. Nope. They will not do that because it it goes against the incentive and the aim to prove that he's a false prophet. I can tell you there are scores of people who will stand up right now and say, "I was in the meetings. He was the true prophet. I was in the meetings. I was there. Uh my daughter was healed. My child was healed." There's many people who will be willing to stand up and say it. But they'll not search them out. They'll not interview them. People who are inspired by these sites. Now, I'm not talking about the people who made the sites. I'm talking about those inspired by the people who now speak to me and say, "I'm leaving the message. I'm disgruntled." Whatever. I found this. They are hurt. They are emotional. And now they are just anti-brenham. And they try to argue the word, but they betray the fact that they themselves do not know the Bible well enough to even support their views. They just don't because while they were in the message, they didn't study the message or the Bible. They didn't even know the scriptures. So they just spew something out from a website. They themselves do not even have when you speak to them, you can hear they're not confident. It belongs to the people who created the website and did the videos. They're the ones who are putting it out. So this is an amazing thing that you can find on the internet. So I I just just for the sake of the young people, you go to the internet and I did this with with I asked the uh co-pilot on my browser, the AI, give me the historical evidence for the resurrection of Christ. And here it spits out all these things and facts and all this kind of stuff that's there. But I want to show you this is amazing, right? And I want to share this with you. This is what AI says. All right. The AI analysis, it says the historical evidence for the resurrection rests on documented eyewitness testimony corroborated across multiple independent sources. Early attestation of empty tomb and post-mortem appearances. behavioral transformations of disciples and enemies. In other words, the effect of Christ on the disciples and enemies is proof of Christ. Rapid emergence of a movement centered on these claims. Now, here's the AI's assessment. Given these convergent strands, many historians argue that the resurrection of Jesus Christ provides the most coherent explanation of the cumulative historical data through interpretations though interpretations vary between naturalistic and theistic framework. So what this is saying is because of these things because of these four things he had eyewitnesses an empty tomb early early attestation of empty tomb. In other words, not long after the fact, they said the tomb is empty. Early attestation behavioral transformation. That means the way people were taken up and the way a movement was formed so rapidly is why historians seem to believe that Jesus Christ was actually true and that his resurrection was actually true. So I'm saying by that standard people after brother Baron you have documented eyewitness testimony corroborated across multiple independent sources. You have early attestation of events that took place in his life. You have behavioral transformations of disciples and enemies. And you have a rapid emergence of a movement centered on all those things. I am asking you, is this proof that there was a prophet amongst us in our day and that God was with him? Okay, maybe it's not enough. Who needs to trust AI anyway? Let's live by faith. So, in closing, let's assume that Malachi 4:5 and 6 was manifested in the time of John the Baptist. I'm asking you young people and those who are confused, discouraged by the prophet, who will feel like you want to leave the message. If you say that Malachi 4:5 and 6 was John the Baptist, I'm asking you, is everything in Malachi 4, was it all manifested in John the Baptist day? Was John the Baptist day and Christ, was that the great and dreadful day of the Lord that occurred after John the Baptist? The question is, what do you believe? What do you believe? Do you believe that John the Baptist came to turn the hearts of all the fathers to the children and the children to the fathers? And do you believe that it was accomplished in John the Baptist day? Did John turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the children to the fathers? Did he do it? Do you have proof of that? If you believe that, then that's okay. And it remains to be seen whether it was true and achieved in its purpose. From my knowledge and my reading and my assessment of what happened in history, it doesn't look like it was achieved. Who were the children? Who were the fathers? How were their hearts turned? Everybody rejected Christ. So whose hearts were turned? What's your explanation? My next question, if you're expecting Elijah to return in this day, are you expecting an articulate man with perfect speech, who gets nothing wrong, who convinces everybody of what he is saying, who proves everything to the world, who performs perfectly documented miracles and signs that are accepted by the whole world. And do you are you expecting a man who preaches a message that is so easily understood perfectly accepted by everybody? Is that your expectation? Uh because it's a very unrealistic expectation because that is absolutely not an Elijah. And Elijah is a completely all over the place messed up individual who nobody accepts and who's running for his life. What kind of Elijah are you expecting? Okay. In fact, the Elijah that appears in Revelations 11 who must come to the 144,000 is so unaccepted that they kill them. Moses and Elijah are killed and their bodies lie dead in the streets for 3 days. So, what kind of Elijah were you expecting? One whose thus sayeth the Lord's were perfect. One whose words were impeccable. One who never gets anything upside down. One who's accepted by everybody. One who everybody must believe. One who's going to make all the churches unite until they all so loveydvey and love one another and hugs all around. Is that the Elijah you accepting? Because if it is, expecting because if it is, you're not reading your Bible properly. Okay, I just want to also say you know the song these are the days of Elijah, right? That was not written by message people. Clearly there are scores of people in the denominations who are expecting an Elijah to return. That song was written these are the days of Elijah right there. They were written by Pentecostal people who are waiting for the coming of the Lord and are expecting an Elijah of sorts. That's why you had all those people on the internet claiming to be Elijah. Those of you who are leaving the message or have left the message or wondering whether you should leave the message, think about what kind of Elijah you think God should send to convince you of the coming of Christ. And what exactly do you want that should happen? How exactly you think it's going to happen that the Elijah God sent is going to convince you? What is it going to take to convince you of the coming of Christ? If you consider this with a clear heart and come up with an idea of what the majority of people want, you are going to realize how completely off your expectation is with regards to the Bible and the consistency of the word. It is certainly a frightening time for the world that we are living in right now. And people want a convenient God. They want a message that accommodates sinful living and unrighteousness. They want a message that doesn't judge their deeds and allows them to do whatever they want to do. They want a message that makes people feel good about themselves and doesn't challenge their doubts. All the prophecies in the Bible warn us of what is coming and tells us that there will be a massive falling away from the truth. So I'm not really sure what all these people who are leaving the message were inspired who were inspired by these websites. What what are they actually expecting? But I hope and pray for all mankind including those who leave that we all find grace in his sight and mercy at his throne. Lastly, if you are someone who has been hurt by a church and people, consider that people are just people who tried that to do their best. It isn't easy running a church. Those of you young people who are hurt by a pastor or the deacons or something, I want you to think about what you would do if you were a pastor. You were the deacon. How would you handle things in your in your situation? You do not know what it takes to run a church, to to manage people, to be a shepherd. Uh would you allow your daughter to marry someone who comes in with piercings and tattoos of a devil on his left shoulder and says, "I don't believe in God." What would you how would you tell your daughter that you can't marry this boy, that I'm not in favor? How would you handle it? Hugs, kisses, roses, chocolates. Tell me, tell me. Be honest. Be rational. Be rational in your thinking. And if you come up to me as a pastor and tell me, "Brother All, I want to marry this girl, but she hates William Brandon." You You really want me to be okay with that? Do you really want me to say to you, "Hey, look, son, that's okay. It's your choice. We're good. You know, it's fine." Do you if you do you if you come to me and say, "Hey, brother Al, there's this girl I want to marry and but she's atheist. She hates Christ. She she wants nothing to do with Christ." Do do you expect me to handle you as in Hey, that's fine. That's great. Go. You go for it, boy. Would you do that for your daughter? How would you handle it? My my my point is put yourself in the pastor's shoe and ask yourself how you would deal with you. Okay, be mature now, right? I agree there are some good and bad actors and there are some very bad actors out there. Pastors, ministers, church people. I agree with you. There are some of them who are terrible, but there's a lot of them who are good and who are trying their best. Then I want you to think about freeing yourself from the hurt. young people, if you've been hurt by them, you've been treated badly, write them a letter. Go talk to them. Don't be afraid. What's They're not going to bite you. They're not going to eat you up. What's the worst they could do to you? Tell you more bad words. Go and get the hurt out. Tell them, "You hurt me in the way you treated me. This is what you said about me. This is what your people have said about me, and you really hurt my feelings. If you were wronged and if you are wrong, if you were wrong in what you did, if you did something where you backslid, don't try to justify yourself, but admit to your errors, but say, "Listen, the way you treated me really hurt me." Go tell them you're a free agent. If you tell someone how you feel, the worst that could happen is they get more upset with you and you're good after that. You walk away. Your heart is free. You don't have an obsession. You're not sleeping with these people living rentree in your head. You deserve a happy life. You deserve a good life to find your happiness by your own choices. Do not live with hurt that causes depression and anger. Get it out of your system. Lastly, uh parents, if you have children who have been influenced by these people, by what they've seen online, I just want to tell you, even if they've left the message, it isn't too late. Do not listen to they were not seed in the first place. I want to tell you continue living sweetly with them. Do not criticize them. Do not hurt them more. Do not call them names. Live a real Christian life. Share with them your your scriptures that bless you. You don't have to shove the message down them or say just live real salty with them. Right? I believe that they rejected a message of a perception and not the real word. I believe they can still come back if they see the real message. What they have left is bananomism. And maybe you are at fault too. Maybe the church is at fault. But you have no reason to give up hope or to think, "Oh, they rejected the prophet. They're serpent seed." Don't do that. Don't do that. There is always hope. And Christ is the final judge of all things. So you just trust in him. There is hope, saints. May the Lord bless you. May the Lord be with you. I hope this gives you something to think about that this gives you some some uh zeal within you to press on. We are living in the greatest time. God has been among us in the in the message of the prophet. Do not be discouraged. Do not let this discourage you. God has already foreseen this. God knew this was going to happen. And you need to realize, you need to know who you are. And that there was a man sent from God to identify something that was meant for you in this day to see the coming of the Lord manifested in you personally. Everything that's coming against it is to prevent you from seeing this truth. Don't fall for it. That's not what it's about. Amen. You and I here are fellowshipping on the body, word of the son of man. That's what's it about. The Lord bless you. Have a wonderful evening. God be with you until we meet again. Amen.
