################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - How to Read the Book of Revelation Part 1 - Br Allistair Francis - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    How to Read the Book of Revelation Part 1 - Br Allistair Francis
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   MOTRC
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy7hberDXUg
========================================

Description:
This sermon provides a rich, foundational introduction to a study on the Book of Revelation, framed specifically for a new generation. Br Allistair emphasizes that Revelation is not just a collection of confusing symbols, but an accurate map of what happens when the "Seed of Christ" (the Word) is planted in any environment—whether that is a global political stage, a local church, a family, or an individual heart.
---------------------------------------
00:00 Introduction: Greeting and the origin of the series (a question from his son).
01:22 The Generational Gap: Why it’s harder for new generations to read Revelation.
03:35 Study Recommendation: Reading William Branham's 1960 Revelation series.
05:25 The Goal: Why the "Open Book" makes the mysteries known to the Bride.
08:15 Scripture Reading: Revelation 22:16-19 (Warning against adding/taking away).
11:00 The Doomsday Clock: Comparing 1960s "3 minutes to midnight" to today's 100 seconds.
15:58 The "Mammoth Task": Addressing the confusion around seals, trumpets, and vials.
17:55 Wisdom vs. Knowledge: Defining Revelation as the "Secret of Life."
20:50 Natural vs. Spiritual War: Analysis of Russia, Ukraine, and Global Debt.
28:00 The Oil Crisis: Natural crude oil vs. the spiritual Oil (Holy Ghost).
36:00 The Three Major Bodies: Prophecies for Israel, the Church, and the Bride.
43:30 What is Revelation? The definition of the "Seed of Christ" germination.
52:35 The Family Application: How your family goes through the "Seals" and "Trumpets."
01:01:40 The Personal Cost: Becoming a target once you receive the Holy Ghost.
01:05:20 Closing: Final thoughts on the series and simple phrase-by-phrase study.
---------------------------------------
How to Read the Book of Revelation Playlist
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiFTZnWvdN_UZSXs-FstxzhVLERPVTQkS
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Good evening saints. Like to greet you in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. I'm thankful to be sharing God's word with you once again. It is a special privilege always to be sharing the word with the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. And um last week we concluded our series on the mark of the beast. And um it's been in my heart for a while to do uh something uh different um especially for the Wednesday nights. We're kind of adjusting you know after co uh the co pandemic uh church kind of changed a little bit for us. So a lot of things adjusted and so um I had a question from uh my son um when we were doing family altars and devotions and so on. So he asked me sometime last year uh he said you know it would be very good for you to take five minutes every day just to read the book of revelations and just show us how you interpret it. How do you read the book of revelations? And so I realized from his question that it is becoming increasingly harder for each new generation to read this book of revelations. So you know I thought for many decades we had many academics academic critics saying the book of revelations was something that contained fables and things too far-fetched. Um there's so much mystery around this book and uh then now we have a generation whose minds have been groomed to be so creative and imaginative that they are fascinated by stories of superpowered heroes, magical creatures, witches, wizards, and a host of other things. you know, it it might occur to you that they may seriously mess up the interpretation of this precious book of prophecy if they become preachers or you know, so not being able to actually read the book and understand it. So how to read the book of Revelation was a question I've not been asked before. It's a new thing. I realize that there are many reasons for such a situation like the words are not written in the way that people speak today. So if you read the new interpreted versions of the Bible like the new international version and the students version and the woman's version and you know all the different kinds of interpretations of the Bible they are written by people with no revelation. So they just find words with similar meanings from a theserus or a dictionary and slot it in for realizing in not realizing they're actually destroying the revelation of the words. So I suppose my son didn't want me to make a sermon of it or to make extra work. That's why he asked me to do 5 minutes a day. But I have to move as the spirit of God leads. And that's how things work for me when it starts mulling over in my head and I start to think on it and things begin to form. So I found that the prophet's time that he spent on chapter one of the book of Revelations to be most intriguing. And so I would encourage, you know, every good scholar and student of the message to take the time if you're uh reading chapter 1 of the book of revelations. Um hold this message um it's was preached in December the 4th 1960 Jeffville the revelation of Jesus Christ. take that message and read it simultaneously. So if you read um if you're reading from verse one, read there what the prophet says concerning verse one. It's actually quite fascinating the amount of time that he takes and spends on that first chapter. It's beautiful. So I wanted to start with chapter 1 verse one today. But then um like always you know things begin to uh form in different ways. So I thought to just have a kind of talk uh to introduce the reading of this book and to to give us first an introduction to why the book is so meaningful to us. So I have no notes and uh I obviously not going to send any notes together with you but I want to share with you concerning the book of revelations what it means to us in this day and the value of the open book. And I want to say from the outset that because of the revelation of the seals, because of the open book, because of the message of the prophet, this book of revelations has become um completely made known to us. There isn't a single secret in there. I've had numerous people telling me that, you know, when they came to our churches and or listen to us preach, it was like we knew everything and they're amazed at the things that we say concerning the book of Revelations because nobody talks about it. I've had people come in from denominations and say that, you know, in their churches they only talk from the Psalms and the Proverbs and nobody touches the book of Revelations and once in a while they may read from it but nobody teaches from it. uh nobody discusses it and it looks like nobody knows anything and they're so amazed that when they come to our church that we speak so freely, we speak with such confidence and they're you they're generally fascinated because we seem to uh this seems to be a second language for us, you know. So, um I want to I want to target this at the young people, the new generation. Uh purely because, you know, my son asked me to do this, but so I want to start the little series and I have no idea how long this is going to take, if I'm going to take three verses at a time or a few, you know, see how it goes. But hopefully we'll keep it up for the Wednesday nights uh for a large segment of this year. So we'll start a series uh how to read the book of Revelations. And uh for today we'll just sort of you know make an introduction uh of this and perhaps just off the top of my head um maybe we can title this talk the value of the book of revelations. And I hope to show you that especially the young people, it's not so much about um explaining prophecies and explaining um doctrines. It's much more than that. And when you understand the the value of it, you'll realize it's the greatest wisdom that exists in the world. it opens up everything. So to begin with, I'd like to read a scripture from uh the book of Revelations. And this is, you know, just a start for a text. I didn't plan this. So uh Revelations 22 the end uh verse 16 and the the Bible says I Jesus have sent my angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the the root and the offspring of David and the bright and morning star. And the spirit and the bride say come. Let him that heareth say come. And let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely. For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. Verse 19. And if any man shall take away from the words of the prophet the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book. So may the Lord add a blessing to his word and it is the 16th of March 2022. Uh time is really flying and uh so we begin a new series and um how to read the book of revelations. So you know like I said I want to I want to just talk freely as it comes into my head u because I've been I've been teaching this for many years. It's going to be 20 years now. And um it kind of I can't explain to you, but it kind of lives in me because I've been through this so many times. Been answering I answer questions on this literally every week of my life for years. And uh I've had to answer questions from different people and sometimes go through all the teachings over and over again. And uh so I you know without making too much of oneself and I don't mean to do that. I'm just trying to say to you that it's been the thing that that's become a part of me and that's why I the best way I know is to just speak as I feel inspired, you know, without trying to type it all out. It would take too long and I'd overthink it. And so I hope that it would be a blessing to you. So one of the main uh reasons I wanted to take this approach was because we are right now in the world sitting at the precipice if I would say that way at the brink at the edge of the destruction of the world. Uh, and some people would think, you know, wow, you're just a prophet of doom, you know, you're just a a Christian um hack, you know, prophet. And I'm I'm not a prophet. I don't have any spiritual gifts. All I can do is read the word, teach the word, and that's as much as I have. So, I don't claim to have any gifts of of any other kind. So, not at all. I'm not any kind of prophet or prophet of doom. Um, but some of you may not realize this or even know this. There's something called the doomsday clock which was something uh formed by Einstein and um you know the physicists and scientists around him at that time. And um so you know they they designed this thing called the doomsday clock. And you may have remembered that uh brother Brandham spoke about 3 minutes to midnight and the scientific clock. And um so maybe you didn't understand what that was, but it was this um calculation based on news events and things around the world where scientists were creating uh calculations, mathematical calculations. um well to kind of show how close the world is to nuclear war and to the destruction of the earth. And um they believed it was a big thing. And you know at that time they formed the United Nations and uh many other things to you know organizations like NATO a little later to to sort of control this u um the world from or prevent the world from bringing um atomic warfare. And so that's what this is. And and I don't know if you if you sometimes check on it and what scientists believe, but in January, I think it was January the 20th or somewhere there. Uh and then coming closer now, I think the doomsday clock says we're 100 seconds to midnight. So, uh forget about 3 minutes. uh forget 3 minutes at different times, you know, 3 minutes to midnight in the 1960s and you know, I don't know why how many minutes they had in the ' 70s and so on, but right now in 2022, the doomsday clock, you can Google it. The last I saw it, it was 100 seconds to midnight. Uh so what that means is scientists around the world who you know they they pass down the sort of legacy to one another and there are there's a group of scientists dedicating their lives every year to calculating how close we are to nuclear warfare that could destroy our planet. And right now the present scientists say that we are 100 seconds to midnight. So this is not us being spiritual hacks or doomsday prophets and we're just, you know, been preaching that the world is going to end. No, this is something that is happening right now. And um so this whole issue with Russia and Ukraine and the world reeling as it is, it's no surprise to us because those of us that have studied the word, those that are of us that are conscious of the prophecies of the book of Revelation, uh have been always aware that this was going to happen. I mean, we've heard the prophet himself speak about this so much and uh you might have seen in the weeks since the invasion of Ukraine, you'd have seen a lot of people in the message sending out the quotes about Russia and the oil and you know the moment Russia invaded Ukraine, I just told our family just here it is. It's going to start coming. You know, everyone start sending you quotes about Russia and oil and and this and that. So, uh, what I'm trying to say to you is it's it's not a a great surprise for us. So, what I want to, um, kind of bring in is what the book of Revelations actually tells us. And I know that those of you who are in the youth and the young people and my son's age group, when you look at the the book of Revelation, it looks like this this mammoth task to read this book. It looks like this this book with confusing symbology and and you know uh statements and you come to church and you hear the the preachers talk about it. Seven seals, seven thunders, seven vials, seven trumpets, and it's all so complicated. And this minister tries to explain it that way, and that one tries to explain it this way. And they talk about son of man. And and uh you know, the church ages and sometimes uh you know, preachers just make it look so flat and boring just because they reading quote after quote after quote. And you know, you don't really get and and the more you hear all of this, you kind of look at it and think, "Oh my word, I'm never going to understand this. I'm never going to know what's happening. I'm most likely going to miss the rapture because I'm never going to understand this. These people understand it. These preachers understand it." But then, you know, you get around a little bit and you speak to people and then you realize a lot of people don't understand this book. And some of them who do when they try to explain it, they just make it more confusing. And then some of you youngsters may may say, well, there's so much of fighting around it because nobody seems to have the right interpretation and uh which message church do we listen to? Which denominational church do we listen to? On this, it's probably safer just to leave it alone and whatever happens happens. um you know you can live that kind of life. You can, you know, it's like, it's like if somebody gave you a book that was the secret of life and you had the opportunity to take this book and read it and handle your life such that you can make a better life for yourself and live, you know, a fulfilled life, a happy life and an overcoming life and a and a victorious life And then what instead of doing that you just put this book away and and thought well and think well I just let it be you know whatever happens in life I'm good with that it's better not knowing well I'll tell you that's a very foolish way to to handle your life because uh in a world like today wisdom is the greatest thing you can ever have and wisdom is not excess knowledge Wisdom is not knowing more than other people. Wisdom is how to apply the little knowledge that you have, how to apply it correctly to life situations. Uh that's wisdom. You know, children can have wisdom, babies can have wisdom on knowing how to use their legs, their little legs to run fast enough, but not so fast where they fall flat on their faces. Uh they don't need to have academic knowledge of that, but within themselves, the wisdom that comes from learning, from experiences. So don't think of wisdom as knowing everything or knowing a lot. So that being said, you know what's happening right now is um you have this this great book of revelations which starts from chapter 1 and has 22 chapters. And if you you can break the entire book of revelations down and I've done that for you. I will send you um a PDF on that uh soon. and u made it easy for you to to have a look at the breakdown of the book of revelations. So I hope it'll make things easier for you when you see an overview of the book and place things in the different orders and perspectives it that just to make it easier for you to understand as we read the book of revelations going forward for the rest of the year. Uh, and believe me, it's such a a rich book of wisdom that you'll see from next week, I'll probably do just three verses for the one service, the one um um teaching or reading, whatever. I don't even know what to call it. So, I want to start by the current events that are taking place. So right now we have a major conflict in the world. This is where it gets interesting, right? We have a country Russia invading Ukraine. Okay, that's how it starts. And so we we're living in our homes in suburbia. You're I mean you're some city suburb or wherever you are. You're comfortable in your home and uh you're more concerned with how to pay the bills for the month. uh what's happening with the dogs, what's happening with the car, what's happening with your children's education, you know, you're concerned with that and life is rolling on and then the next morning you wake up and you look at the newspaper or you normal newspapers anymore. You you get this ping on your phone and then you look at it and it says Russia invades Ukraine. Well, the next thing you know, for the next 2 weeks, you are bombarded with all kinds of theory, fake news, uh, liberal news, conservative news. You've got no idea what to believe. You're hearing all kinds of stories and then, you know, you're just going to work and then you you see things more Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Russia, and so on. And then the next week the oil prices go up and the the the the fuel price goes up and you don't know why but then you hear on the radio or you seeing it in the news again on your phone and you and then you see uh well what Russia is doing in Ukraine is affect is affecting us here in South Africa and uh wherever you are in the world and and the the price of oil and then you start hearing things of everybody talking about oil shortage and problems with oil here and problems with oil there and just from one country invading another and the next thing we hear is the price of wheat is going up because of Russia and then we hear sanctions from the from the west from the United States and the UK and and Europe and they're sanctioning Russia and this is creating economic stress all over the world. I mean, we're just simple people living daytoday. What do we care, you know? Uh it's just leave that to the people in the stock markets and those people, the politicians and they go on and and uh what do we care, you know? So, the thing is what these people are doing is affecting us immediately and in the long run. I mean, right now, you don't realize we could go into an absolute economic crash in this year because of what's happening in the Russia and Ukraine. And even worse, we could literally be in World War II within a few months or within a few weeks depending on what reactions the West has uh further for Russia. And uh remember the prophet told us all it takes is some madman to press the wrong button and a nuclear weapon is is launched and that's it. We're into World War II. So, you know, not to sound like a doomsday prophet, but really that's all it takes. And that's where we are right now. That's what kind of a precarious position we are in in the world. So to show you just just in a in a short way, if you look at uh the players that we have right now in the world, right? We've got in the west those who support democracy. We've got the the United States, the United Kingdom, we've got France, Germany, you basically all of Europe. Uh people who support democracy. Then on the other side in the east we have communism which is supported by Russia, China, North Korea and in South America we've got Venezuela. Something you may not know is that Venezuela has the highest reserves of oil right now and they're a communist country run by a dictator. Russia is one of the greatest suppliers of oil right now. And these countries are not allies of democracy. They're not allies of the west. Which means if they apply pressure to the rest of the world and stop providing oil, then prices go up, markets crash, the cost of living goes up for you, the small people of this world. Everything gets more expensive. They have this thing called inflation which affects all of us. Um, it's a word to you and me. It's figures to those who are in finance and uh savings and uh purchasing of vehicles and houses and properties and food and bread and milk and wheat, rice, maze. All of these things go up purely because of these economic stresses caused by things like wars and politics. So you have this west and this east. And if you didn't know in the Bible, the west here is symbolized by the the beast of revelations 13 11-18, right? And in the east in the book of revelations, they are called Gog and Magog or the kings of the north. And brother Bham said they are communism which is a tool in the hand of God to destroy uh the beast of revelations 131-10. Now, so you have the west democracy, you have in the east, you have communism. In the Middle East, you've got another problem. You've got Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, United Arab Emirates, and all the other Middle Eastern countries that are uh basically drenched in oil, the biggest suppliers of oil in the planet, and they are Islamic states. They don't like Christian democracy states and the only reason they have good ties is because they like money and they realize oil is a very precious commodity right now. So a lot of you you know simple people like myself you don't really take notice of things concerning these uh commodities in the world. So oil of course is not your cooking oil. It's called crude oil and it is used for thing it is used for things like fuel uh your petrol your diesel uh and other kinds of oils or or fuels for airplanes and you know other machinery that that is used in the world. And so what has happened in the last few years is you have these democratic countries which have believed that there is this crisis of climate change and they've been trying to stop their production of oil and they want to move to things like wind energy and you know what they call clean energy and uh you know things that don't involve fossil fuels like coal or burning. uh gas and so on. So they've started reducing their or trying to reduce their usage of of of oil to prevent what they call carbon emissions and to save the planet because a lot of them believe the planet only has 12 years left. Well, that was 4 years ago, I suppose. 12 years left. Um and um so they have things like what they have thing uh something that they call stockpile oil stock piles or oil reserves in the world and each country calculates uh how much of oil reserves it has. In other words, how much of oil uh it it has left for so many years. So for example, the world right now, the entire world right now with all the calculated oil reserves that we have around the world, that's including Venezuela, Russia, United States, United Kingdom, Ukraine, South Africa, all the countries uh the the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, all of us together, all the oil that is being produced and stockpiled right now only leaves us with about 47 years. That means if things are destroyed, if nuclear disaster happens and so on and nothing and the oil reserves are still intact, the world only has 47 years of oil uh left. The if you take the United States stockpile alone, I think they are probably like 4.9 or roughly 5 years left of oil. The United States themselves have only 5 years left. For South Africa, we have zero. And that's amazing because you don't even know that that's we have zero uh we don't have any oil reserves left. We are depending on other countries um to to supply us. And so that means we you know other countries calculated like for example Venezuela is the highest and um um you know United States is only I think ranked number 11 or something in the world and Russia is in the first 10 Iran and the the Arabian countries are in the first five I think. I can't remember all the stats right now, but that's that's where we sit with this whole oil situation. Now, you have these people, right? And so, the Vatican uh city, the Roman Catholic Church, the Vatican City is a mysterious city where nobody knows how they make their money. They're just a small little city within Rome. And they make their money based on you know uh investments, banking, investments in certain companies, oil companies and so on. And so they don't have expenditure like other countries and but they've got a lot of wealth which comes from you know uh well the pope has a fund that comes to him which is called Peter's pence which started many years ago where they take funding from all Catholics all over the world to give to the pope. The government of the Vatican city is called the Holy Sea. And if you have any dealings with the government of the Vatican, you are going to be dealing with the Holy Sea. So they control um all the financial situation of the Vatican. And so how things work is let's say the United States goes into this war now with Russia. The United States is already in trillions of dollars of debt um to the world banks and so how things work in the world is they call it buying debt. So if they go further into war and United States is the United States, the UK, Europe is going to suffer. Um, and because they're going to spend a lot of money, trillions of dollars to try and help the Ukraine. And all because it's not about morality, it's politics. It's all about oil. It's all about monopoly. It's all about um companies and rich men fighting for fighting to be the top dog, to control the oil, to control uh markets and to make I don't know why they're so passionate about just making more money than other people. So that's what it's all about. And so if they go into a terrible amount of debt where the United States cannot come back and build itself up, then it it will take another country to buy their debt, meaning to save them economically. But then that country will be beholden or will forever be uh controlled by this other country that bought their debt. So there's not many other countries that can bail the West out if they get crippled by nuclear war. And this is very likely what's going to happen. And so if you look at the rest of the world, the United States will never go to some countries in Africa or South America to to buy their debt. They'll never go to the Arabs. The last thing the United States wants is to be in debt to the Arabs, right? So there is Israel uh and there is the Vatican. And so more than likely, according to prophecy, what's going to happen is that should any of these countries go into debt, they are going to be bought by the Vatican. And that's going to start this the chain of events prophesied by scripture of the one world system. Now, it sounds like it sounds like um uh conspiracy theory, right? But so this what I'm showing you is on the outskirts of the book of revelation. This is kind of like when you look at it you see this global view. Right now in this book of revelation you have three major um bodies or figureheads that all the prophecies are about. It's all about redemption, right? And there are three. It's Israel, the church, and the bride. So, you find for Israel, you have prophecies surrounding Israel will be the seven trumpets of Revelations uh 8 and 9 and 11. And Revelation 7, the revelation of the 144,000. Uh for the church, you have the seven church ages. These are the prophecies now from the book of revelations. You have the first four seals and you have the seven vials. These are related to the church. And then for the bride you have the seventh seal, the seven thunders and uh and the rest you have the sixth seal which deals with these groups in the west and the east uh democracy, communism, the Vatican city and and of course the unpredictable middle east. Now what is amazing here right is that this is all about oil and it's right now the world is facing a shortage of oil right and communism becomes emboldened at the time when there is a shortage of oil and the reaction towards communism is what likely leads to world war II now let's look at that spiritually we have seen this happening spiritually from a long time ago and you just never realized it, right? What is the oil symbolizing? The Holy Ghost. What have we seen in the last 100 years? We've seen a shortage of the Holy Ghost. We had this surge of the Holy Ghost coming through as the baptism of the Holy Ghost in Isusa Street and it started that last Pentecostal age. And the Bible prophesies Matthew 25 that there will be at the time of the the coming of the Lord five wise virgins, five foolish virgins and the whole issue is oil. So spiritually what we were supposed to see is in the church a shortage of the Holy Ghost. Now immediately people who are Pentecostal will say well that means a shortage of tongues and interpretations prophecies and this and that and so on and of course you know that's um those are gifts of the Holy Ghost that is not the Holy Ghost right the Holy Ghost is the oil of anointing the oil of inspiration um that which brings the earnest of revelation to the to to the believer that would give him the ability to receive more revelation, right? And so that is the anointing and that would begin spiritual war because the shortage of oil, what is the shortage of oil going to start doing? It's going to force reaction just like you you see in the natural. You see the shortage of oil producing reaction and communism rising to balance out this effect and then the reaction from democratic uh societies to squash communism. So, so likewise in the church when you see uh the shortage of the Holy Ghost spiritually, you are going to find uh mentalities arising in the church with legalism to sort of balance out this lack of um baptism of the Holy Ghost. And then you'll find those pe there'll be some people claiming to have this massive amount of oil holy ghost like TB Joshua and uh Beni Hinn from the past and these people anointed ministries and people with signs and wonders and people will be flocking that way and then you'll just start to see this crash happening because these people who went into all these meetings with Beni Hinn and TB Joshua and all of them. They are healed from demon possession and healed from this and healed from that. And then you just see this crash because these same people who were delivered apparently then go on to lead horrible lives, fornicators, adulterers, fraudsters, money mongers. They bring a disgrace to the church. things start becoming uncovered like they happened with the with the the very sad life of um Ravi Zachcharias uh the the Christian apologist and many other people. It just it just never ends. And you would think that these people were were such anointed people and then you realize something else was going wrong. And so it will go on and you'd have all these Christian churches and there is a great shortage of oil. And at the time what's happened is that the bride church has the oil has seen the coming of the Lord and has moved into a different place. And you have the foolish virgin searching while the world is spiraling into chaos heading into midnight and they have no light and they're searching for oil. So that's where we are right now saints. And you see this situation that is happening in the natural in the world is has already been happening in the spiritual. And that's where you might be sitting in a church right now where things are dead, dreary. You don't know what's happening. You realize that uh something has gone wrong. And in your spirit, you feel things are not right. Things coming from the pulpit, the word is not being preached right. You might have been sitting in a church where uh you you're seeing gifts of the Holy Ghost, but something is telling you something in your spirit is telling you it's not being handled right. There's corruption in there. There's something wrong and uh you're feeling the urgency to move to find a better place to find a a different anointing to find a different church to find a different ministry. You know these are the kind of things people have been going through for years right now you know um now and many people are despondent many message believers are despondent many Christians are despondent realizing that there's this immense fakeness happening and they don't know what to do and so you know so what like I said I want to show you the value of the book of revelations. Now in the last few minutes of this session, I want to tell you what the book of revelations is and why it is so valuable to us and why for you young people it is so valuable and why it is the reality of what is going on right now. So what is the book of revelations? All right. So you, some of you bright sparks will go, well, you know, it's uh John's visions on the aisle of Patmas. Good for you. At least you know that. And uh it's the revelations of the future. Yes, good for you. You know that. It's tells us like what's happening with Russia and the West and the Vatican City and Israel and the rapture and the the prophet and the church ages. Yes, it tells us all of that. But here's the secret of it. The book of Revelations maps out an accurate prophecy of what will happen if Christ or the seed of Christ is planted anywhere in any situation of life. Did you hear me? That's what the book of Revelation is. In other words, it's like it's putting it crudely, it's telling you what would happen if the life of Christ, imagine if it was a seed and you planted that seed in the ground. The book of Revelation tells you exactly what is going to happen once that seed starts to germinate. Uh, in other words, it's predictable. It's something that that that God knows that will happen because it's his life. It's God's life that is being introduced into the world that is going to create this chain reaction of events. And basically, we've seen it being played out over 2,000 years. The seed of Christ was swn into the ground at Calvary and emerged by a resurrection and then went into 2,000 years of church ages or history of the Christian church. Now, for those of you who might not realize it, but the the the world at the time of Christ was in a very dark place. the Roman uh empire was ruling the earth. The majority of the earth at that time was a majority of the people of earth at that time were religious people, very superstitious people. There were no atheists at that time. In every continent, there were people that believed in God, gods, deities, people that worshiped the planets, creatures on Earth. They were all over the place. And they and then there were these Israelites who believed in this one true God. Islam had not arrived yet. Um so talk about Abrahamic religion. The only Abrahamic religion at the time was uh the Jews. And so the rest of the world were just uh polytheistic meaning they believed in many gods. And they were in a very dark place because they were sacrificing humans, uh, babies, virgins. They were spilling blood. They were fighting amongst each other, tribalism, wars, on and on, invading countries. And so, it's at that dark time that the seed of Christ is sown into the world. And it immediately causes a chain reaction. And so what we see is this seed begins to germinate. Meaning it through the disciples it starts to break from the ground and starts to infiltrate all other countries. And all these disciples do is they start to move and start telling people about Jesus Christ and that he died and he rose again and that there's freedom from the darkness of uh ignorance and the darkness of death and there's hope beyond the grave. And this spread through the world without social media, without internet, without uh anything but humans meeting other humans and passing on this knowledge. And in the first 500 years, it accelerated until it reached Rome. And Rome absorbed this religion as its own religion. And then it began to spread all across the earth. People built ships. People moved by wagons. People were so incentivized by this one man, Christ. And they went across the entire globe trying to convert other people who had never heard of him, who had never seen him. There were no books written. There were no audios. But they went around getting through to people, learning people's languages, teaching them about Christ. And what did it do? It formed crusades and it it upset world economies. It upset uh uh kingdoms. It overthrew empires. The French were fighting the British. The British were fighting the French. The French were fight They were all fighting for Jerusalem. the the Arabs then then came up and they begin to fight for Jerusalem and um and it just it didn't stop there. Then Jerusalem became the sacred place for all these people and then England uh you know wants to make uh uh Jerusalem be a part of their life. Their songs said they want to build Jerusalem in in England and because they saw the value of this and all this happened because of the inception or the germination of the seed of Christ. Now you young people in this day have to just pause for a second and understand what a great thing this is that has happened your world today that you have. You look around you and you look at the technology that you have and the internet you have and the uh knowledge and the uh university degrees that you have all occurred because of Christianity. And some of you will be thinking no come on really well of course because it was Christianity that liberated people from tribalism. It was Christianity that liberated all the pagans and heathens from the darkness of tribalism and ancestral worship. Christians built the universities. Christian built schools. Christians uh started educating people, teaching people to read and write and and introduced science and industrialization and all of those things. This these things happened and the the book of revelations prophesies or tells us from start to finish what will happen whenever the seed of Christ is accepted in a place. So what is the book of revelations? It is a symbolic description of exactly what will happen if the seed of Christ which is the word of Christ is planted in any situation. Okay. So in other words, this book of Revelation tells you what the religious reaction was going to be when the gospel of Christ hit the world. It tells you what the political reaction was going to be when the gospel of Christ hit the world. What demon or demonic reactions there was going to be. And you can compile all this into uh the prophecy of revelations tells you what the fallen human nature reaction was going to be once Christ was given to the world. It's that predictable. In other words, God is telling you what is going to happen once the seed of the word is taken in. Now, let's give you another example. Let's break it down and bring it closer to home. What happens when a church accepts the message which is the true seed of the word? What happens when or what happens when any group of people decide to become Christian? Well, basically that church is going to go through a revelations 1, a revelations 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, all the way through. And what is going to happen? You will see uh well, let's put it plainly, you will see a revival take place among people. Then you will see some people rise into a spiritual uh dominating place. You will find a spirit of religion rising to combat this. You will find men trying to use this uh as an opportunity to uh to manipulate others. You will find a political maneuver rising. You will find clicks and and and and um groups of people forming to find popularity. You will find others trying to make money out of it. Eventually this church will be led to a crash after which those who were there who were not supposed to be there will be pushed out and those who are the elect who will be few will remain and eventually it will end in a total downfall until only the original seed is left. That's the path. That's what and the book of revelations tells you how that will happen. Then there are judgments in this book of revelation which which actually shows you how the evil ones are going to be exposed. What judgments will come upon the false uh seed on those who are faking? What judgments will come upon those who are who are designed to bring spiritual death to the others? What will happen economically with them, financially with them, morally with them? All of that is contained in this book of revelation. All right? And that's just the church. If you take a family, what will happen? You take a family, let's say, that is, I don't know, maybe some from some denomination. Maybe they're Methodist, maybe they're Presbyterian, maybe they were Baptist, maybe they were Pentecostal. And this family comes into the message and they accept the seed word of God. They accept God sent a prophet. They accept Right. Now, what happens to that family? that family comes in, they have an explosion of um like a revival. Oh, this is amazing. This is beautiful. We're in heaven. We're, you know, uh the revival in their hearts. And but hold on a second because the book of Revelation is telling you this is normal. You've just hit your Patmas vision. You've just were in the spirit on the Lord's day and you heard a voice from heaven and voice sounding like a trumpet and you turn and you see the seven golden candlesticks. You're having a patmas vision experience. But then the spirit starts telling you, you know, there's going to be a church ages. There's going to be a Revelations 3 or Revelations 4, five or six. So what it's telling you is your family is going to start going through the motions of what happens when the seed of Christ is planted into the ground which is now your family. It's it's telling you what to what to expect. There's going to be a great high that you are going to go through a massive revival which is going to then uh move over to some heavy crisis. So those of you who experienced it will know the first thing that happen would be your your immediate family uh your family members. So let's say you're a husband, wife and three children. So your wife's family, your husband's the husband's family says, "Okay, so now you people have joined this cult." and uh you're dressing differently and you know you not watching television anymore, you're not listening to pop music anymore, you're not joining other churches, uh you're not doing Christmas, you're Easter, you're not doing Lent, you're not doing Ash Wednesday and I don't know what whatever it is that you used to do, you're just giving everything up because you've taken in the seed of Christ and now you're So what happens is you you go through this massive uh crash because you're so enjoying the fellowship with the sons of God and now your families, your close relatives start to push you away. They start to persecute you, cousins, aunts, uncles. Uh I tell you, it's just incredible how it naturally happens. They start calling you names. They start calling you cult. They start uh criticizing you. They they ostracize you. They then time goes on and then they start to realize, okay, these people are serious about it. We thought they were going to fail, but now looks like they're sticking to it. And then they start to get used to you. They start coming back. Some of them start to listen to what you have to say. Some of them start to believe what you have to say. And then it starts for them. The cycle starts for them. Then your family grows, your children grow, children go to school, they start to believe, they start to have problems. Um, church starts to have problems. And then you find you're starting to have issues with your marriage. You start to have issues with your kids. Some of them are backsliding. And you're still plotting on in this message. So news flash, the book of revelations tells you all this was going to happen. In other words, in your family, there's a communist segment, there's a democracy segment, there are prophecies for those segments, there's a Middle East segment, there's an issue about oil. There's always going to come to an issue about oil that's going to bring a third world war. There are going to be trumpets in your family. There's going to be judgments. the the book of Revelation maps it out for you. It's it's it's full of this wisdom, right? And that's the part that when you find that wisdom and you realize that the book of Revelation tells you what those spirits are, you you can know how to deal with them. You can know what the trumpets are for your life, for your family, uh and uh what it means uh and and where it's going to head. And and if you know what all the prophecies are, you're not going to be terribly downcast and you know, God, you've forsaken us and this and that. Basically, what I'm telling you is is if you accepted the message, if you took Christ in the book of Revelation tells you, it's called apocalypse. It's called revealing. The book of Revelation is called the book of revealing, right? It's is to tell you what's going to happen when Christ comes in. And the the entire prophecy surrounds the second coming of Christ. That means bad things are going to happen. Terrible things are going to happen around you. But there is going to be a second coming. There's going to be a moment where there's going to be one part of you that's going to receive the coming of the Lord. And it's going to be absolutely glorious. And there's going to be this celestial victory and this millennium that's going to happen. there's you're going to reach this place in in in your family's life where there's going to be peace, but then there must come this final war of Gog and Magog and this communist sector must come and crash down this this other evil part that was a part of your family and you must be cleansed and purged and and there's hope. There's going to be a new heaven and new earth. That means you keep pressing on with the seed of Christ and there will be a new heaven and new earth, a new order restored. Your family will go through this terrible situation. But on the other end, if it has accepted the seed of Christ, there is hope. There is restoration. uh as a person if you as a person lastly in closing you take this seed of Christ into your heart you know there's there's a quote brother Bam says in in in a question and answer he says if you thought you were in the war uh he said just get the baptism of the Holy Ghost he said then Satan's got every single gun trained on you become a target for the enemy so that in itself tells you uh exactly what I was trying to explain to you just now is that when you take in the seat of Christ when you truly believe now if you're just joining a church and you come to the message and you just there with your family and you know you're just going through the motions you haven't really believe the word of God in your heart well nothing's going to happen you you'll just go on just like everyone else in the world no issue uh you won't even feel you know sort of conviction And if you do things wrong, you're you're just there, a a regular church member. But the moment that the word starts to take effect in your life, this is what's going to happen. You're going to have this wonderful experience. You're going to have this pat vision experience. uh personally, you're going to be um bombarded with this beautiful revelations pouring in and God's going to be you're just going to be so enjoying this open book experience. You're going to be feeling like you're in seventh heaven. It's wonderful. It's beautiful. You know, it you don't even know that the open book has already started working on you, but you you just come to the message. Oh, you're just going to have this wonderful time singing, worshiping believers camps. You know, you're going to be going to youth camps. You're going to go to family camps. You're going to be enjoying brother so and so from America, someone from the from Europe, someone from Germany, somebody from the east. You're just enjoying conventions. And then the next thing split start happening. this pastor against this pastor that you know and you as a person you start to get disoriented you start to feel dejected what's happening and you start hearing bad news here this pastor's backsliden immorality here and this happening here and that happening there and sure enough personally you start going through uh problems you know you start realizing you probably hit your second seal third seal, you know, uh and these this book of revelation maps it out for you. And if you have the revelation of these little mysteries, it is the revelation of Jesus Christ. It is the accurate prophecy of what will happen if the seed of Christ is planted into any place. It tells you political reactions, religious reactions, demonic reactions, human reactions, heathen reactions, pagan reactions, Islamic reactions, communist reactions, fascist reactions. That's what this book is about. And if you as a person understand this that this is what's happening in your life, it's because of the presence of the word that is there. and you would be a wiser person to know what the book of revelation is trying to reveal to you. So in closing, I hope that gives you enough incentive to want to understand this book of revelation. And so I'm not going to try and, you know, go through massive teachings. Uh what I hope to do in this series is just to go through the verses and help you understand it. I realized that not many people it was a quite a uh crushing realization you know to me when my son asked me that question to realize that one of the reasons why we struggling with young people today is because they speak a completely different language. uh I mean we speak English but to them it's a different language and when they read the words of the prophecy of the book of revelations they are totally lost for many reasons either they are overcome with you know um all of these fantastical u creativity of Hollywood and the world around them. So that the book of Revelations tends to look like another kind of, you know, uh, science fiction drama. And, uh, to to others, it just looks like a whole lot of gibberish that they're never going to understand. Um, so what I want to do is to try and help you as we read it together. And I want to try to move through it quickly and not get into too much of quote reading and scriptures and you know uh just try to keep it as simple as possible so that you can understand phrase by phrase and that when you read you know just to sort of give you the guideline on how to approach each scripture and the correct interpretation of each scripture and because we know we have the Holy Spirit with us we'll be led into the truth by the Holy expert and we're looking forward to to that. So, the Lord bless you saints and I hope this will give you some inspiration going forward with the series. God bless you. Have a good evening and God bless you and be with you and your families. And I I trust that the word will be a blessing to you. Amen.
