################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-02 - 2.1.23 - Our Foundation - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-02-02
Title:    2.1.23 - Our Foundation - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoQUjVUSd9w
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Jesus [music and singing] is here. God bless you. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [singing and music] All things are possible. Jesus is here. [music] Amen. By faith, we believe that. Amen. That means we don't we don't have to feel it. Amen. Um, we didn't have to get any special direction on the on the way here. No dreams. Amen. We just know he's here because his word declares that he will be here. Just two or three are gathered in his name. And we should never get discouraged. Amen. If there's two of us, Amen. He's here. Amen. And he's here just for us. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. We certainly appreciated that testimony that brother Mark gave. I didn't know that. Uh just to think the joy of the Lord returning after four months. I that that is a beautiful testimony that God's joy is still here for his children. And I'm sure there's others that need the joy of the Lord. And that's what I like about that testimony is that if brother Mark could have it, I could have it. Amen. Amen. And uh we just need more testimonies. More testimonies. Amen. Also, uh brother Joseph, Dad Jack Ben uh Bambi uh wanted to send his greetings to all of us. One day we'll get to meet him, but he's very uh loves his son, very proud of his son, wants to make sure that uh his son is well taken care of. Amen. He said he's he's amongst some beautiful brothers and sisters. You know, brother Brandham did say this. He says that the beauty of the Lord is the character of his people. Amen. And that's that's the one beauty that we want to have in our church. And uh I talked to brother Daryl and brother Daryl wanted to uh let us know that his wife is doing better. And uh so thank you for all your prayers. I know some of you have been praying for her. Amen. Turn with me if you would to the book of uh second Timothy. Um often, um, Brother Ferguson leads, uh, a lot of our our our men's meetings now with some some good Bible studies. And we were just sitting there listening to him and as he was speaking the same scriptures that we are going to be reading at least one of them and it was just good to hear that. Second Timothy chapter 2 verse 19. We're just going to read one verse verse 19 and maybe go back and read the others if we have time. Um verse 19 reads, "Nevertheless, the foundation of God standeth sure having this seal. The Lord knoweth them that are his, and let every one that nameth the name of Christ, depart from iniquity." Amen. Let's bow in a word of prayer and look to the author of this book. Heavenly Father, Lord, you've given us all the ability to be able to read the word, but Lord, unless you come and quicken it to us, Lord, we know that it'll come short in our lives of all that you'd have for us. We ask today, Lord, that you'd take the bread of life and break it to each of us. give us a heart to uh receive and to to take this engrafted word into our lives that it may our lives may become better and more pleasing. Lord, we thank you for this day that you've given us and this opportunity, Lord, as it's been said to be here in your house. We thank you for the desire you placed in our heart to be here. We thank you for the saints that you've given strength to be here. We also pray that you'd be with those Lord that are unable to be here, but Lord are uh watching in at this moment. Just pray a special blessing upon them and those Lord that would be watching. Father, we just commit the service now to you and ask you to just move in our lives and meet the needs that we would have for your honor and glory. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. We'd like to talk about our foundation. Our foundation. But um we might think of our foundation as the time that we gave our heart to God and that's where it all started. He dealt with us and we yielded our vessel. We repented and that was the beginning. That was our foundation. And in one sense that is absolutely correct. Uh uh but I really want us to look at our foundation in core in in connection with God's foundation. Amen. Today that God has a foundation as as we had read here in the scriptures. The Bible says nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure. Having this seal, the Lord knoweth them that are his. Notice the foundation is tied with a seal that the Lord knows them that are his. Amen. Yes, sir. Sealed by an omnisient God, an all- knowing God who knows each and every one of his sons and daughters. Amen. Yes, sir. The all- knowing God has an infinite awareness and understanding and insight. I believe the book of Hebrews tells us that all things are naked and open before him. He He just knows everything, sees everything. Amen. Yes, sir. Revelations 13:8 says, "And all that dwell upon the earth, shall worship the beast, whose names are not written in the book of the lamb, slain from the foundation of the world." Amen. It's true. Amen. So there is a group of people, the majority of the people are going to worship the beast, right? It's true. But there is a very small group who will not worship the beast and and a book uh the lamb's book of life was written with their names in them. They cannot be deceived. So God made a plan right from the beginning. He would allow man to fall in sin, wander in the wilderness as it were, not even knowing really who he is or who God is until God would knock on their heart and God would speak to him and reveal himself. And those who are predestinated, who God predestinated, he wrote their names in the lamb's book of life. Amen. Yes, sir. He had already provided a sacrifice for them to be able to come back to him. Just imagine um you know when babies are born, they really don't know exactly who mom and dad is. Right. It's true. Right. I mean, you walk up to him and I remember brother Bill Bailey used to tell the story that he would go and he'd put his hand by uh uh one of his children when they were born and and and they would just he would just they would just grab a hold of his thumb and his finger. But he would the baby would just be grabbing around anybody's thumb or finger that that that reflex. Do you understand what I'm saying? So even though we were predestinated, we still didn't know God. We had to come through that process of getting to know who God really is. And so Romans 8:29 tells us from whom he did forno, he also did predestinate. So remember it's they got that seal on now. And the Lord knoweth them that are his, for whom he did forno. He also did predestinate to be conformed to the same image, the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. So he's has an expectation that his other sons and daughters are going to be just like Jesus Christ. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called, and whom he called, them he justified, and whom he justified, he them he also glorified. So just notice that this foundation now is steadfast and sure. Ephesians 1 vers4 tells us he have chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. So he chose us in him before the foundation of the world. But it wasn't really uh after we were born, a after we started coming to church, after we started doing better, after we met a certain criteria. No, he chose us from before there was anything. Praise God. Amen. That is amazing to me. Amongst all the millions of people that he did not choose, he chose us. And it was so long ago that it didn't really have anything to do with our ups and downs. Amen. It had to do with the choice he made. And I'm so thankful that that foundation of God's tennis sure today is that the things that are going to be happening to us and they're going to try to ruffle our feathers and we've got to stand firm on the word of God. Amen. God set some parameters. He laid the foundation for what he was going to build. And he's in the process today of building his church. That's what the foundation was for, right? It was to build something on top. That's why you lay a foundation. Amen. That's right. And and he's he's building a church today without spot or without wrinkle. Amen. Yes, sir. And the Bible tells us that nothing can move God's foundation. It stands sure. Nothing can move it. That means when you build upon the foundation, it will not move. That's right. Amen. Right. Amen. He said Jesus said the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. No matter how much Satan would try to come at us, if we're if we're standing on the foundation, right? And and and if we have a revelation that God's word is the final amen and you stand upon it no matter what's happening in your life that that that the gates of hell will not prevail against you. Amen. Now the problem is that often we don't have a rock solid revelation. We have an intellectual understanding and we we're faithful to the word and then we get off the word and we become unfaithful to the word and we're then we're on and then we're off and before you know it we're just shaken like the wind. But that is not the way that God's bride is. Amen. That God's bride is solid on the word, solid on the foundation. Once they get there, they stay there. Amen. Amen. I'm talking to the bride today. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Jesus Christ is the foundation. Yes. He's He's the capstone as well. Amen. He's the chief cornerstone. Amen. Yes, sir. He's the beginning. He's the end. He's the alpha and he's the omega. Yes, sir. Christ is the word and the word has already been spoken. Referring to the foundation. Now, it's already been spoken. And that word, as brother Ferguson said, uh, in our men's meeting, it will not return void. Amen. It will not return empty. It will not, uh, come up different than what he's spoken. His word is forever settled in heaven. Jesus said, "Heaven and earth will pass away, but my word shall never pass away." Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. God has spoken his word. The foundation has been laid and now he's building on top of his foundation. We are the building. Amen. We are the building. 1 Corinthians chapter 3:9. We are the building. It's exciting. Amen. Yes, it is. 1 Corinthians chapter 3:9. For we are laborers together with God. Ye are God's husbandry. Ye are God's building. According to the grace of God which is given unto me as a wise master build. I have laid the foundation and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildth thereon. So this really this service is about how we're how we're building. I mean, are we building on God's foundation? Are we joined with God's foundation? Or are we off doing our own thing? For other foundation can no man lay than that is I say it is already laid which is Jesus Christ. Amen. So here here here Paul is saying I have laid the foundation and another build on and then he says there's no other foundation that can be laid which is Jesus Christ. Right? So if we were going to build a building and we over here we got some blocks on that wall. [clears throat] Before you can lay a block that's 4 foot off the ground, you've got to lay the block that's on the bottom, right? You start at the bottom. The foundation is is dug out. You pour the concrete and you start laying a block and that block uh that bottom row is now uh gives way for the next row to be put on and then the next row. So, so our the we build upon the foundation that God has already laid, right? Amen. And uh we understand that that Paul wrote 14 books in the Bible and he spoke things, but we must understand that what Paul spoke was exactly God's word. So, so the scriptures don't countd one another at all. They're not confusing. They're just they're just relaying that that uh God used Paul. God moved on men of old as they were they were moved on by the Holy Ghost and they spoke the word of God and that become our foundation in which our life is based on. You know, if we can just get back to the word. Amen. get back to the word and get away from this this personal private you know God is speaking to me about all these other things that stuff I don't mean it wrong but we capitalize on all that stuff and we put less emphasis on the word and and and and that stuff we don't know until God brings it to pass but the word now has already been written we don't need an interpretation of that right the prophet has come and given us interpretation. We the word is yay and amen and that's what we should be building our life on is on this and not well because here's how so many people get tripped up right is on this personal this is what I feel God wants me to do and we you know and here the Bible says they that are sons of God led by the spirit of God and and and and this is what I God wants me to do and I'm going to go do it and and and we get off of the foundation and we don't realize that if it was truly God that was leading us, it wouldn't stop, it wouldn't interfere us from keeping the word. All of a sudden, people uh lay out a church and they're supposedly doing the will of God, but God is not going to lead you to do something to make you unfaithful doing something else. That is not God. God cannot be in that no matter what you say. And this is why I'm saying I'm okay with everything that God tells us to do. I'm okay with it. But don't get away from the word. Stay on the right foundation because this is the thing that stands sure. Yes, sir. God knoweth them that are his. Amen. All right. For other foundations can no man lay than that which is laid, which is Jesus Christ. Now, if any man build upon this foundation, speaking of natural things here, gold, silver, precious stone, wood, hay, stubble. Now, we got some that'll burn and some that won't burn, right? [snorts] Every man's work shall be made manifest, for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire, and fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. Notice that every man's work. God tried the children of Israel, right? Amen. Right. To see what kind of work it was, right? And each time they failed to stay faithful with what God told them to do, right? Yet their testimony was that God was with them. The pillar of fire was there. Their shoes didn't wear out. The cloud was there. They all ate the same spiritual meat. They all drank the same spiritual drink, which was Christ. And they their testimony was that God was with him. But the word of God said that they couldn't enter in because of unbelief. Amen. That's right. And the unbelief was shown because they weren't faithful to what God told them to do. Right. And the word tried them. It was revealed by fire. And the fire is the test we go through. The things that that that come into our lives that that we use as excuses that keep us out [screaming] of church. Yes. God's bride is going to stay faithful no matter what. No matter what. Everybody is not going to be a job. Everybody's not going to be an Enoch. True. I mean, we've got to line up to the word and not just, you know, try to get everything to line up to us. Amen. Amen. We got to line up to the word. Amen. Right. Verse 14. If any man's work abide which he had built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss, but he himself shall be saved, yet so as by fire. So, we see here that if we're not building on the right foundation, it's just not going to work out. Amen. We are God's building and we've got to build on the right foundation. Amen. Yes, sir. And we've got to be building what he tells us to do. Amen. And we don't we don't need to wait to hear something personal about our personal lives. Amen. All we need to do is hear God speak to us from the word of God. Because it, you know, it wouldn't matter honestly if God spoke to all of us everything that's going to happen next week, right? And next month in our life, who we're going to speak to, where we're going to end up, who's going to offer us something to eat, the whole nine yards, right? That we could just say it the way it is. And it happened week after week after week. That would not matter one thing. We still got to build our lives on the foundation of the word. Amen. And there's not enough emphasis being put in our lives about the word of God. Amen. We've got to stay with the word. Amen. Ephesians chapter 2 verse 19. So we are God's building, right? That's what we just read. Now ver verse 19 says, "Now therefore, you're no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and the and of the household of God." We're a family. There's one thing I really love about uh brother Mark when he's up here. He's talking about the unity. A family needs unity. God's house needs unity. I believe that there's too much individualities there. Too much uh too much place for isms and sisms and things like that to be respect of persons. We are of the household of God. Amen. And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and the prophets where Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone. That's what we're built upon. In whom the whole in whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto a holy temple in the Lord, in whom ye also are builded together for a habitation through the spirit. Now, is this scripture referring to us as individuals or is it referring to us as a body of believers? Amen. What was the one thing that the prophet I'll tell you when I first started listening to the prophet, you know, why is he against the denominations? Why why is it so he's against all the denominations? He wasn't against the people, but he was against the system that separated the people. And just because we're not just because we're in a message church, it doesn't mean we don't can't get that same spirit upon us. Right. It's true. God hates anything that separates brotherhood. Amen. Right. Seven things God hates or six things God hates. The seventh is an abomination. He that sweth discord. Amen. That's right. We got to stand on the right foundation. Not about proving who's right and who's wrong. Amen. So in this building process with God, the devil will present many opportunities to build our ideas or our will, our desire, our goals on God's foundation. Notice we become a Christian. We're going to say, "I'm not just going to repent, be baptized, uh, but take this message and and and and start dressing right and start acting right and and and reading the message and and starting to do things." Now, what's going to happen is the devil is going to present to us uh opportunities to start building our own ideas and what we want to do on the foundation, right? And that's where he makes it look like it's so like it's going to work, right? I'm still going to go to church. I'm still going to read. I'm still going to but I'm going to do my will. Very dangerous. It won't stand. Amen. It'll either be shaken or it'll be burnt. Amen. It's true. Jesus calls this type of thinking sinking sand, right? A sand foundation. Amen. And if the devil can get us to get off of God's foundation, then he'll present to us an idea to build upon God's foundation. So, we know that the the the devil's first goal is to try to get us away from God, get us away from church, get us away from the right foundation. That's right. just to, you know, many start in the race but they don't finish. Now, if he can't get us to just get away because, you know, we just know that that's wrong, right? Then he'll try us to he'll try to get us to build our ideas upon upon God. Use the word of God for to get what you want, right? He said he give you the desires of your heart and before you know it, everything that you're planning, it's you planning it. And then things don't happen and then you start blaming God and where is God? This isn't right. This ain't fair. This shouldn't be happening. Because we allow the devil's temptation to get us to get our wants upon the foundation. And the foundation is God's wants. Amen. Amen. Matthew chapter 7 verse 21. We've read this many times. Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. So we see the foundation here is the will of the father. It's not our will because not everybody that's saying Lord Lord is entering in, right? It's not the professors that make it. It's the doers of God's will right here. Amen. The doers of God's will. And there's so I'll tell you there's a lot. Yes. Like um if you were to come to our to our shop, there is a lot of responsibilities there. A lot of things that are accomplished there. There's there's a lot of things that you you have to learn to do and there are things that you cannot do that is not allowed there. I mean there's just a lot of stuff. Well, God's word is a lot of stuff. And it it's not just, you know, coming to church or or dressing right or praying your tithes. It's about how you think. Amen. How you talk, what you say, what is your motive behind what you're doing. There is so much to God's will that not all that say Lord, Lord, are going to enter in. Verse 22 says, "Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied thy name and thy name cast out devils and thy name done many wonderful works?" So we see here doing just a part of God's will is not good enough. Amen. That's right. And this is scary because we all can testify, I do a part of God's will. But to be honest, am I am I striving to do all of God's will, or am I just saying, "This is the most important thing right now. I got my other stuff going." Jesus calls these believers laborers that also work iniquity. Right? They're they're they're they're believers. They're laborers. They're laborers for the kingdom of God. But they also have a work of iniquity. Now, what is that? That's that they have certain things in their life that they know God wants them to do, but they're not doing it. Right? So, it's kind of mixed together, right? And then I will profess to them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. So, the foundation of God's stand sure this year. The Lord knoweth them that are his. Amen. And let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity. So this relationship that that God is building his church today uh which he's building us is upon a relationship. It's a relationship in which we are trying to please God in every aspect that he's wanting us to do. Amen. Yes sir. and not just, you know, always professing, professing, professing on bride on bride on bride and we're not even interested in in taking care of the things that we're not doing right. The bride isn't trying some to pull some fast one on God. Obviously, these believers were there's going to be many. Jesus said, "Many will say to me," I'm not really referring to the many that are in this church. There's not very many people in this church. But when when you talk about professing believers out there, there interested in relationships, they're interested in this and that, and there's no interest in becoming the word. There's no interest in it. it that they they only want to become the part they want to become. But there's but they they don't mind professing it outwardly. But I believe that the bride is making herself ready. Amen. Yes. She is building her life, [screaming] her church on the foundation, which is the word of God. God knows who that bride is. Yes. She knew. He knew from the foundation the world. I believe she is separating from everything that cannot be built on the foundation. And we all got it. It just who's who's interested, you know, who's interested in getting back to the building, getting back to the foundation, the right foundation in which we started. Remember when we started, we repented from our sins. I'm going to serve you, Lord. I'm going to follow you. And then as soon as we're out and we got these tests and trials that we begin to make all these excuses of why we can't be faithful to the word of God, God would never put anything on us that we couldn't bear. That's right. But with this tre, this pressure, this trial, this test, he promised to make a way of escape. We serve a God that's not overbearing. If we feel overbeared, it's because we haven't ever came under subjection to his yoke. Because his yoke is easy. His burden is light. Yes, sir. If we're feeling things are too heavy, maybe we're yolked up to the wrong thing. Maybe we got to break oursel from those shackles and just humble ourselves and get right to the word of God. Amen. Amen. All right. Back to Matthew 7:4. Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock. You know, we have a uh a foundation company here in Fenton called Rock Foundation. so strong that the rain descended, the floods came and the winds blew and beat upon that house and it fell not for it was founded upon a rock. This is what I'm saying. I'm okay with anything that you got going in your life. You can't show it to me in the word. I I just say amen to it. The thing is we need to get back to the word because we know that we know that we we know that that will stand. That will stand if you and there's so many things here that we need to be doing. Why are we so interested in all the other things, right? It's true. Why? Why? We ought to be saving souls. Amen. Amen. We ought to be about the father's business. We're we're making things different than what the foundation was laid for. And everyone that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand. and the rains descend, the floods came, the winds blew and beat upon the house, and it fell, and great was the fall of it. How many times, now notice, these are believers. These are believers who went to church and heard the word but decided not to get serious with the word. True. That's who these people were, right? They wanted to build their Christianity or their relationship with God on their own ideas. Right? Now, here's the thing. How many times does the devil come and tell us something as if it is God speaking to us? I mean, even when he appeared to to Martin, right, St. Martin, don't you know who I am of Jesus? Bow down in words. I think the devil comes to us a lot. He sits on the throne as if he's God, and we don't recognize him. We don't call him out, right? Because he appeals to our flesh. When when Jesus was talking to the devil, he says, "Thou um you you you you speak the things that appeal to the flesh." And I'm so I'm going to have to read it now because I butchered that one too much. Matthew 16. [laughter] Don't like butchering the scriptures. Amen. Verse 23, he says, "And he turned and he said unto Peter, get thee behind me, Satan, for thou an offense unto me, for thou savorest not the things that be of God, but the those that be of men." So Satan, when he comes to us, he he wants to speak those things that that savor us, that that make us feel good, that give us what we want. He wants us to want things, right? Satan wants us to want things. Wow. True. But the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. And and and this is the greatest battle that we're in. And I believe that we just need to get back to to the altar to where it's nothing but this word. Nothing but the word. That's all I want. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. And not just making church a part of our lives. Right. Right. Just coming because it's Wednesday or just becoming because it's Sunday. We need to get back to the word and and start building our lives on the right foundation. Yes, sir. All right. Hebrews 12 verse 26. Hebrews 12 26. Nothing will remain that isn't built upon God's foundation. If it's not on God's if it's not on the right foundation, I'm saying you you're going to go ahead instead of putting a block there, you're going to put a a a a cloth there. Well, what's that going to do? Everything that you build on top of that, you you put some cardboard there and it'll hold the block up for a little bit, right? But eventually it's going to cave in and Your building is going to be deteriorated. Hebrews 12:26, whose voice then shook the earth, but now he have promised, saying, yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven. Now God, he created heaven. That's where God is at. Why is he shaking heaven? Hm. And this word yet once more signifying the removing of those things that can be shaken as of the things that are made and those things which cannot be shaken that the things that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. Well, it's it's so easy. It's so easy because what God has spoken will remain. Amen. And what we have spoken will not remain. Right? Now, if we speak God's word, it will remain. Because that's all the apostles did that they built on the foundation. God gave them the word, they spoke it, and if we follow it, we're on the right foundation. Yes, sir. Amen. Now, if we don't try the spirits that come to us and we just start, well, I don't need to do this and I don't need to do that and that ain't very important and this is then before you know it, our life will be shaken. Something's going to happen to shake us because God has promised a shaking. Wherefore receiving Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably and I say acceptably with reverence and godly fear. For our God is a consuming fire. You know, that's the only way to really serve God. Amen. You really can't stick your finger or your nose up or your your, you know, look down on somebody or act like you're something. That is not serving God acceptably with reverence or godly fear. For our God is a consuming fire. Now, if you've received a kingdom that cannot be removed, then you receive this word. Amen. Did you know that I had received a word from God that we were going to have trusted tool? There's a word from God. But did you know trusted tool is going to burn? It's going to burn. It's a temporary thing. It's going to burn. This word is not going to burn. [laughter] Yes, sir. Our it's a burning word is a our God's a consuming fire. Amen. But every brother and sister in Christ will have to come through the blood. Will have to come through the word. They don't have to come through trusted tool. Right. Right. You understand what I'm saying? You know, I would love for God to come to me every day and tell me what's going to be happening. Right? But you know what? Or or or or or this is what he wants me to do or do, you know, but the thing is I can't hardly keep up with what I got to do now. There's so much word that I'm coming short of. Are you with me? I I we just need to get back to the priority. Amen. Amen. So just because God has given us liberty, it doesn't mean we can do what we want or build whatever we want. True liberty is being set free from the devil and our ungodly selfish nature where we just want to serve oursel to serve Jesus Christ. That's what true liberty is. God has given us that liberty. That's why the Bible says where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. So true liberty is not doing what our flesh wants us to do. Amen. When you're pulled and you want to do this and you want to do that, you want to lash out at somebody or you don't want to talk to somebody for a while or or whatever it might be. True liberty is being set free from that. You're you're just a servant to all. You love everybody. That's what's that's what being set free is. Romans chapter 7 verse 19. For the good that I would, I do not. Paul's speaking of this ungodly nature that we have, but the evil which I would not, that I do. I I believe we've all interact with this. We can relate to what Paul's saying here, right? So verse 24, he says, "Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death? Oh wretched man that I am. Who's going to deliver me?" Well, I love the answer here in Romans 8 verse one. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. Not just the professors now, but those who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. See, they've been set free from the flesh. Amen. Amen. They're walking in this. They have no problem living for others. They have no problem looking for souls. They have no problem doing the will of God because they've been set free from themselves. Amen. Yes, sir. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus have made me free from the law of sin and death. Oh, isn't that beautiful? We've been set free from our carnal nature with his carnal desires. Verse five says, "For they that are after the flesh, they do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit, they mind the things of the spirit." You know, many people try to build their church, their their carnal church, their fleshly church on God's foundation. Oh, they'll preach prosperity. Right. Oh, they'll they'll tell you you can have whatever you want that that that God loves you no matter what. [laughter] They try taking their own idea. And build it upon the foundation and you can't do that. It won't stand. Amen. Amen. Now, every time God speaks to us, he expects us to build what he has spoken. Amen. It's like a block. You come to church, he gives you the word. He expects you to take that block and put it on the wall because he's building a building, right? And every time we come, we get some more that he wants us to build. Put in the window. put in the door. Put in Put in the the the rafters. He He's He's wanting us to build. So when he speaks to us, don't say, "I don't have to listen to that." Don't do that. What he wants us to do is lay keep building the building because we are the building. Amen. If we don't, it's just going to be sinking sand for us, right? It behooves us when we come to church to pay attention to every word to be to be ready to hear him speak to our hearts personally. My sheep hear my voice. They know my voice. They they hear my voice. They know my voice. And what do they do? They go lay the blocks. They follow me. They do exactly what I tell them to do. This is the scriptures that from going from one church to another church. [laughter] It's not. It's about building the right building. And if we're not interested in hearing from God, exactly. Exactly. What he's speaking to us is for our good. It's what's going to get us out of here. It's what's going to get us ready for a rapture. Turn with me if you would to James. James chapter 1. Now, too often we look at the word as, well, this isn't real important. This isn't what God's dealing with me. This is not this is not what I've been thinking about. And we put we don't put enough emphasis on the word that's being ministered to us, right? Or the tape we're listening to. Right. Right. I mean there there are so many things that the prophet has said in those tapes and I do not understand why we're not talking about all of them. We we seem to talk about the ones that are interesting to us. But God brought us a complete message. Amen. Amen. He brought us church order. Yes, sir. I think we need to be talking about church order, too. [laughter] There's so much to the message that we need to be following with. All right. James chapter 1 verse 19. Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath. Slow to wrath. Slow but quick to hear. Quick. For the wrath of man workketh not the righteousness of God. So think about that statement when you want to set somebody straight. Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness and receive with meekness the engrafted word which is able to save your souls. Well, you know to some people are just carnal. Hey, look, you know, I'm already saved, so that scripture doesn't mean nothing to me. You understand? And this is why it's important for us to understand that he that endure to the end, he that keeps building on on to whom much is given, much is required. And so we need to keep taking the engrafted word into our lives and building upon God's foundation, the word that he speaks to us every time we come to church and come to that statue of a perfect man. Verse 22, but he but be ye doers of the word. So there's the message. Be swift to hear. Be a doer of the word and not a hearer only. deceiving your own self. See, a lot of people feel satisfied because they made it to church. They made it to church. I did my duty. They're not paying attention. That the reason that they're coming to church is to get the word that God wants them to do, right? Didn't the prophet say we come to church to find out where we're at with God so we can take that word now and go do it. For if any be a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in the glass. For he beholdeth himself and goeth his way and straightway he forggetth. What manner of man he was. I wonder why that is. We can come to church. We can hear the word and the word sometimes can convict us, make us feel like, oh man, I I'm not doing that and I feel bad and I I want I want the word to encourage me, but this word isn't encouraging me. And and and we just leave church and we just kind of forget it because we are just so discouraged by the word. That's looking into the word. Looking into the mirror of God's word and it's falling apart. [laughter] Look into the mirror of God's word and say, "Yes, it's true. It's true. I'm not doing it. This is what I should be doing." And walk right out and forget about what you heard at church. The reason that a man will do that is because his heart isn't burning with the love of God. And if you don't get the love relationship back, then God don't know you. Right? No matter what we can say, what we've done, we've got to get rid of the iniquity. And when God speaks something, automatically he expects us to do it. If we don't do what he's telling us to do, it becomes iniquity to us. It's not long after church and things are forgotten. Direction for our life forgotten. Wisdom for our lives forgotten. Leadership for our lives forgotten. Warnings from the Lord forgotten. We've got to come into the house of prayer with a determination to lay everything aside and hear what God's got to say to us. We got to be swift to hear and receive with meekness. The Bible says the engrafted word which is able to help our lives wherever we're at. I don't want to come at the end of the journey and find out, you know what, I should have pushed a little bit harder. I should have given a little bit more. I I should have been more serious about doing God's will instead of my own. Verse 25, but whosoever lookth into the perfect law of liberty, that's the word of God. Now the perfect law of liberty and continue therein. He being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed. There it is. So God holds the power between blessings and not blessings. Are you with me? Amen. Blessing in the deeds versus not blessed in the deeds. All not it it it goes beyond being a professor and a hearer to to continuing therein. Continue it. So you hear the word and you leave the door and continue in it. You don't continue just to come to church. You take the word that you heard and now you continue in that word. And that is where you're blessed. You're blessed in your deed. not just blessed hear and hearing it. Yeah, we're blessed if we hear it. We're blessed if we read it. But great blessings come if you do it. He He promised that you'd be established if you you take the word, you believe it to the point that you'll do it. Amen. And that you'll prosper. If you if you you come under subjection to the prophets and you believe the prophets. Amen. Yes, sir. Then then there's a greater blessing coming. I should say greater blessing but more of a blessing. You know what I'm trying to say? When God delivers his word, he has expectation that we continue in it. If we're looking to follow his word, we're going to be blessed in our deed. When the word is delivered, we have to be a doer of the work in order to be blessed. Too often we wonder why things are the way they are in our lives. Now I don't have the answer for anybody for anybody's life of why things are the way they are. I don't even have the answer for why things are the way they are in my life. [laughter] So I am not uh in in a in a position to tell anybody why things are the way they are in their life. But I do know this. The word of God cannot lie. And then if we follow the word, God will bless us. We need to look in the perfect law of liberty and follow it. We can't look into the perfect law of liberty and then pretend to be smarter than God. Well, I think I'm going to do this instead. I don't think that's important. and I'm going to do it my way. You know, think about this. Maybe the judgment that will come is maybe just missing out on the needed blessings that we have that we we're looking for. Maybe that's going to be the only judgment. You know, it's not necessarily catastic judgment, but God can withhold his blessings. He withheld the blessings of the promised land to a group of people who 10 times turned God down. Murmured and complained and disbelieved. And God said, "Okay, you had your chance. You're you had your chance in the wilderness." And we all have well, I would say we're all going through wilderness experiences. We're all going through problems and tests and trials and wondering where's God at? what's going to happen and how come he's not helping me and where he's at and we're hearing these messages, you know, uh God wants us to speak to our situation and and believe that he's with us. And and we're we're questioning, we're doubting, we're wondering, we're waiting. We're thinking how things used to be better when God wants us to move forward. Amen. Amen. All right. Verse 26. Starting with our original thought here. Sometimes we say too much, get upset, express the wrong spirits. Verse 26. If any man among you seem to be religious and bridles not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is in vain. Now we know if we went to India or Africa or anywhere in the world and they said to us believe in blah blah blah and he will give you blessings. you have to just bow before blah blah blah blah and do this blah blah blah and and we're going to say, you know what, your religion is vain. We're not going to do that. But when somebody seems to be religious, talks about God, knows God, expresses himself as God, but he can't keep his tongue under subjection to the word, then that's no different than blah blah blah. Right? It is no different. Lord, help us. Lord, help us. Help our tongue. We don't want any part of our life to be in vain. That's right. We want to bridle our tongue and manifest true religion. Amen. And we do that by coming under subjection to the word. Verse 27. Pure religion and undefiled before God. Is this to visit the fatherless and the widows and the reflection and to keep them himself unspotted from the world. Do you see how how much how hard that is? I mean th this is a doer. This is not a talker, right? To visit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world. Now that's I'll tell you that's oh that's so hard to do today with a phone, right? With all the things that are staring before us, all the billboards. I mean, you just all of a sudden get attracted to to something and you know, you got a spot. And you know, we're all working very hard to become that bride without spot or wrinkle. Amen. Amen. So, when we heir from part of the truth, we're stepping off the foundation. When we heir from part of the truth, we're stepping off God's foundation. And when we step off God's foundation, we no longer have a foundation to stand upon. We only think we do. All other ground is sinking sand. I give an example. We know the greatest commandment is to love the Lord thy God with all of our heart, with all of our soul, with all of our mind. And Jesus told us that the second commandment was likened unto the first, which was to love your neighbor as yourself. Amen. And so what do these two things have in common? One and two. What does commandment one and commandment two have perfectly in common? Love. That's good. I like that. What else? Let's go for two. Feel like we're playing a game. Who wants to double it? You're not your will and your desire isn't neither one of those. You love God first and you love everybody else. It is powerful. You're you're not in it. And those are the commandments. God first, others second. He doesn't even say what's third. I'm not going to say. All right. James chapter 2 verse8. I want to try to Wow. We're not We We will not get through everything just so we know. Oh, I don't know about Maybe. I don't know. I don't know. Hopefully, you're getting a little something out of it. Amen. All right. James chapter 2 verse 8. If you fulfill the royal law according to the scriptures, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, you do well. Amen. No, in order to fulfill this royal law, it must be a daily exercise. You have to you have to practice it daily. You can't just, oh, when I go to church, I got to make sure I love everybody. I got to make sure I got to be on my best behavior and love everybody. No, it's every it's in your thoughts. You've got to love everybody in your thoughts. Amen. [laughter] It it you know it only takes a little hate once in a while to break God's royal law. A little hate once in a while to break the law. But if you have respect, verse nine, if you have respect to persons, in other words, you choose one person over another. you commit sin and are convinced of the law as a transgressor just because you choose one person over another, you become a transgressor. If you show favor or partiality with one person over another, you've gotten off of God's foundation just for showing favor or partiality. You get off the foundation. You get off the foundation and you're trying to build that you're right. You're trying to build something and having partiality, you've already gotten off the foundation. So no matter what goes on, it won't stand the test. And we know what happens when we show respect to persons, right? What happens every time you show respect to persons? If somebody else is around, well, even if they're not around, somebody's going to get offended, right? That's why God's not in it. That's why God's not in it. For whosoever shall keep the whole law and yet offend in one point, just one point, he is guilty of all. Remember the rich young ruler? All these commandments I've kept from my youth. Yes. But if you want to be perfect, you've got one thing. So now you're guilty of the whole law. That's why we can't offend in just one part of the word. We've got to keep building on the foundation because as soon as you you just let one thing go, you're off the foundation. For he that said, "Do not commit adultery," also said, "Do not kill." Now, if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou become a transgressor of the law. So, it's not a matter of of, you know, we all could sit and we could pinpoint to every single person that we know something that they're wrong in. Yeah. We don't we don't even need to be spiritual. We just you just listen to the devil. He'll tell us. [laughter] So, we're all guilty, right? We're all guilty because we're we're guilty of one thing at least. Right? You know, I I I tend to believe the prophet because we backslide a h 100 times a day. So, we're guilty of a lot more than one thing. But but it shows that we we're a transgressor by our own nature, right? So speak ye and so do as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty. Now, here it comes. For he shall judge. For he shall have judgment with Okay. For he shall have judgment without mercy that have showed no mercy. Now, here's the God of heaven. He's telling us that if we judge one another and we have a tendency and anytime you got respect to persons going on or favorites, things like that, well, you automatically are coming in without uh the mercy that's needed because proper mercy is going to put everybody on the same level, right? For mercy rewrote my life. Amen. For he shall have judgment without mercy, that have shown no mercy, and mercy rejoicth against judgment. So where's God in the situation? I'm talking about when things have been, you know, things are things have been made right. Things have been tried to make right, and then we we we're bringing up things in the past. It's it's it's not good. Amen. So, as soon as we take our eyes off the foundation, we'll end up building our lives on wrong things. So, I'm just going to leave this with you because I it's late. I want you to go home and and read for me uh where we we started in 2 Timothy chapter 2. And I would like you to start with verse 14 and read through the rest of the chapter. It's verse 26 because it it's talking about the things that we need to be doing to build and then it's talking about things that we need to be getting away from because our foundation for our lives what we if you repented and you got baptized it was it was on the word of God. But how many people have started in with this message and left? Started in with Jesus Christ and left. And don't think the devil doesn't speak and try. He has a motive to get us off. And and we've got to be more in love with the word. Get back to the word and be be paying attention to everything that God speaks to us. I want to encourage us to spend more time reading the Bible. Amen. Yes, sir. Spend more time reading the Bible. Allow the Holy Ghost to speak to you out of his word. Amen. And then we can grow. Got to get back to the word. Let's stand together. The word is our foundation. It's our absolute. It's forever settled in heaven. I like the old they came to brother Brandon. They said, "Well, where do you want to be when the bobs drop? Do you want to be in a a bomb shelter? Do you want to be in heaven? He said, "No, I want to be in the word. That's our foundation and it's it's everything that's being being built." If you notice there in Revelations now, when John saw the new Jerusalem coming down, the city coming down, it was us. It was us. It it is what he built. We are God's husbandry and it was built on the foundation of the word and it it the whole building was God's word. It was his is his will. And um I know I get tempted the same scenario that I'm in the message. I have the word. What more is there? Well, there's more. There is more for you. I will say this. If you take time to say, "Lord, what would you have me to do more than I'm doing now? I know that I know that I know God will show you. I believe it." But if that love isn't there, and you don't want to ask him, then you're going to miss it. You're going to miss the whole shebang that coming to church, being in the message, what are we waiting for? You know, the whole the whole thing. Why is God delaying his coming? God is in control. God knows what he's doing. He's just looking for us to get back to the foundation and and stay on that word. Amen. Let's sing. On Christ, the solid rock I stand. Amen. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus [music and singing] blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest fame, but holy lean on Jesus [singing and music] name. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath, his coit, his blood. Support me in the whelming flood. When all around my soul gives way, he [music and singing] then is my rock and stay. On Christ's solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking [music] sand. Amen. And I'm thankful for that rock. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. I know the Lord will make a way for me. Can we sing that one? I know the Lord will make a way for me. [music] We know that one. I know the Lord [singing] will make a way for [music] me. I know the Lord [singing] will make a way for me. If I live a holy life, [music] shun the wrong and do the right. [singing] I know the Lord will make a way for me. One more time. I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know the Lord [singing and music] will make a way for me. I know the Lord [singing] will I need you to pray for me to tomorrow. Tomorrow is [music] going to be the um it's going to be my mother passed away tomorrow. Okay. And it's going to be [music] it's going to be very hard on me tomorrow. and passed away tomorrow. And I would need you to pray for my pastor's [music] wife. She's got cancer through her body. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] Oh, [music] please. [music] [music] Find [music and singing] the inner veil. So rest little bride, rest for all is well. This foundation of God's stand sure all is [music and singing] well. All is well. [singing] We have heard the message [singing and music] shalom and all is well. There [singing] is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So [music] rest [singing] little bride rest for all is well. One more time before we dismiss. All is [singing] well. All is well. [music] We have [singing] heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the [singing and music] inner veil. So rest little bride rest for all is [singing] well. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad the foundation has a seal on it. Amen. Amen. And you know we're in that seal. Amen. He's going to see us through. Amen. May the Lord be with you. and bless you, give you uh joy just thinking about that seal. Amen. May it give you the strength to keep pressing on towards building your entire life more on the word of God than it was last year. Amen. Amen. Going to ask our our brother uh Mark if you would just close in a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, we uh just thank you Lord your word being truth and being our absolute Lord. We just heard today Lord I pray humble prayers that Lord that he this message Lord that we'll just ask the question are we building what you want us to build in our lives. Lord, please just help us to give us just the guidance, Lord, and conviction. We're not building upon what you want us to build upon, Lord. Lord Jesus, we see the day approaching. We want to just servants onto you. Make sure that we're building the foundation that you spoke through. Amen. Help us, Lord, just to catch that revelation of that, Lord. We can have catching revelation of what we should be building in our lives, things that we should be things that we have not been doing. You call us to help us. We thank you for your grace and mercy, Lord, just speaking to us, Lord, this evening, Lord. And I pray, Lord, that it will go with us, Lord, as we leave your house. But I pray your presence wouldn't leave us with us, Lord. Let us remember this from the days. Let us not forget this message, brother. Lord, we ask all these things and we thank you in advance, Lord. We're going to build your
