################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - 7.9.25 - God's Pleasure To Give You His Kingdom - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-10
Title:    7.9.25 - God's Pleasure To Give You His Kingdom - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfQagC4DZv0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Praise his name forever. will praise his name forever. Christ the Lord will praise his name forever. [Music] We'll praise his name forever. We'll praise his name forever. Christ the Lord. We'll give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the glory. We'll give him all the glory. Re Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore in Christ the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is worth all the glory. Amen. and we just give it to him this this afternoon. It's so great to be in the house of the Lord. It might be raining outside, but it's sunny in here. Amen. So, just join your voices with us tonight. And let's just make a cheerful noise unto the Lord. Brother Dennis, can you just open us with a word of prayer? eternal learnistship. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. This is the day. Amen. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord have made. That the Lord have made. We will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it. Yes, be glad in it. Well, this is the day that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. We will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it. Yes, be glad in it. Well, this is the day that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord have made. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are the mighty king. Amen. You are the mighty king, the living word, master of everything. You are the Lord and I'll praise your name. And I'll praise your name. And I'll praise your name. You are the mighty king, the living word. Oops, kind of missed one there. Let's start over. You are the mighty king, the livinging word, master of everything. You are the Lord. And I'll praise your name. And I'll praise your name. And I'll praise your name. [Music] And I'll praise your name. You are the prince of peace, Immanuel, everlasting father. You are the Lord. You are the mighty God. Savior and Lord, wonderful counelor. You are the Lord and I'll praise your name. And I'll praise your name. And I'll praise your name. And I'll praise your name. You are the prince of peace. Emmanuel, everlasting father, you are the Lord. Hallelujah. He is the prince in peace. Amen. We are standing on holy ground. Do you believe that tonight? The more you believe it, the more you you'll you'll see it. Amen. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us praise Jesus now. For we are standing in his presence on holy ground. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us praise Jesus. Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us praise Jesus now for we are standing in his presence on holy ground. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The more that you believe that, the more you worship him. You can't help but worship God when you feel in your presence. Hallelujah. Wherever I am, I'm going to praise him. Wherever I am, I'll praise him. Wherever I can, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me wherever I am. I'm right here. I'll praise him wherever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Hallelujah. Wherever I am, I'll praise him. Wherever I care, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. Well, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Who lifted you up? Wherever I am, I'll praise him. Wherever I can, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. How praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. for the name of Jesus lifted me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just lift him up tonight. Hallelujah. We just lift his name up. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't know how many people you know out there, but there's a lot of people who ain't lifting his name up. And there's a lot of people that know him don't lift his name up. Amen. Well, I'd like just like to change the order of service a little bit. Amen. Just uh I'm thankful that everybody's here tonight. I know it was some pretty rainy weather here. Uh but uh God's God's God's good. I mean, we got a lot to be thankful of, even though it was rainy and maybe there's a puddle here or there. Um, just remember all those that are in uh Texas, you know. I mean, there's a lot a lot of people lost their life. I think the toll's up to like 120 now and they say you can go up to like 170 or something that are missing. So, let's just keep it in our prayers. And, you know, whole families uh just wiped out. And the thing about it is it was in the middle of the night, you know, just imagine that, you know, 4:00 at night and all of a sudden, you know, you just hear you hear something. You look outside and there's rain 8t tall coming down the it rose in 45 minutes, 20 feet. And no matter what whose house you're in, it's if you better have a two-story house. And even at that, it'll rock your foundation. So we're thankful that we have a a rock of our salvation, Jesus Christ. But still tragedy happens. Amen. So let's just remember the families that were affected by this loss. Amen. also for brother Bruce and sister Donna as they're on vacation so that they would just get a rest. Amen. Also for uh uh well Lori and mine's anniversaries today. So I think we're 41 now. So I think we got a longer anniversary than a lot of people our age. So, but God keeps keeps us. Amen. Amen. Uh, also Benny had a request for those people that were affected by the floods in Texas, too. So, let's just remember that. Also, for our brother Marty, uh, he's going to be gone for a while. So, for the keeping uh hand of God through his uh travels, Amen. that uh God would just be with him and guiding him and leading him. Amen. Also, our sister Linda has a request uh for my sister Fela hurt her ankle and knee. Please pray for her. She lives in alone and needs some help. Pray God will send someone to help her through this prayer. Amen. So, uh and she needs encouragement. Amen. So, let's just uh remember that. Amen. So, uh, oh, Amen. Uh, also for, uh, the families of, uh, I believe it's, uh, three people, brother Dennis, that committed suicide. So, there's three young people that committed suicide uh, recently. And uh for the families of them, suicide's a hard thing cuz it's uh a lack of love. They feel a lack of love or there's a circumstance that they just can't handle. But uh you know, we know we we just pray that uh they get to know God, that their families get to know God, that everybody here gets to know God because you know, we were singing that song at the beginning because he lives like face tomorrow. And that's a true statement. But if you don't know that Christ lives in your heart, then you don't have no hope. So let's just uh have a burden for those people. Uh let's just stand and rise. Amen. Let's remember all the missionaries throughout the world. There's a lot of things going on, some good, some bad, but I I believe it's all trying to take our attention off of God. So, let's just not lose focus in that. Amen. Let's just go in one accord tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we stand before you, needy, Lord, needy of you, Lord. Lord, we've heard these requests, Lord. They were spoken, Lord. They were spoken because you are the mighty king. You are the prince of peace. Lord, we pray uh for them individuals in the flood, Lord, the families affected that you would give them peace. Not the peace that the world can give, but only you. So, we just pray that you would just touch them. There seems to be no reason why no not fair whatever it would be Lord but we know that uh you can you can soo that soul Lord. So we pray for that Lord in Jesus name. Lord, we also pray for all the uh traveling mercies for our brother BR uh Marty, Lord, as the weeks would come. Lord, just give him uh grace in in in your sight, Lord, for these families, Lord, that committed suicide, Lord. These people, Lord, for their families, not knowing why, maybe not understanding why, Lord God. Such a travesty, Lord. Um there's so much to live for, Lord. So, it's not living for yourself. It's living for others that brings joy. Lord, we just pray for our pastor, Lord, that you would just anoint him with the word that you would have for us tonight, Lord, that we might draw closer to you by walking in that word, Lord. We love you, we praise you, and we give you all the glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Brother Mike, can you just uh lead us with the offerings? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. The hallelujah side. Amen. Once a sinner far from Jesus, I was perishing with a cold. But the blessed Savior heard me when I cried. Then he threw his robe around me and he led me to his home. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. Oh, I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Though the world may sweep around me with her dazzle and her drink, yet I envy not her vanities and pride. For my soul looks up to heaven where the sun might golden. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Not for all our earth's go millions would I leave this precious place though the tempter to persuade me often tried for I'm safe in God's pavilion happy in his love and grace and I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the praises, Savior, far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Here the sun is always shining. Here the sky is always bright. Is no place for gloomy Christians to abide. For my soul is filled with music and my heart is great delight. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the savior praises far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. And upon the streets of glory when we reach the other shore, we have slavery across the Jordan's rolly tide. You will find me shouting glory just across the oven door when I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior's praises far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the hallelujah side. Oh, glory be to Jesus. Let the hallelujah roll. Help me sing the Savior praises far and wide. For I open up towards heaven all the windows of my soul. And I'm living on the Hallelujah side. Hallelujah. Glory to be to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. For one day there's going to be a meeting in the air. Hallelujah. You have you have heard in the bull rush. You have heard the fearless David and his sling. You have heard the story told of dreaming Joseph and Noah and the whale we often sing. There are many, many others through the Bible. I should like them when heavenly I declare. By and by, the Lord will surely let us meet them. In the meeting in the air, there is going to be a meeting in the air. In that sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in that home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard by mortal ill will be glorious I do declare. And God's own son will be the leading one in that meeting in the air. Many things will there be missing in that meeting. For the mourers's bench will not be placed at all. There will never be a sermon preached to sinners. for the sinners had refused or heard the call. There will be no mourning nor once. There will be no lonely nights of bleeding prayer. For our burdens and our angers will be lifted at the meeting in the air. There is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet pie. And by [Music] going to meet you, meet you over there in the home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard by moral ill will be glorious I do declare and God's own son will be leading one in their meeting in the air their will be missing all together all the skeptics will be absent on that day. There will be no grumblers present to disturb us and the ancients will be busy far away. There the saints will have his dress on his forehead dressed in remnant non ransom will wear. I will have the wedding garments will be present in that meeting in the air. There is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet sweet by and by. I am going to meet you, meet you over there in the home beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear never heard by mortal ear to be glorious I do declare and God's own son will be the leading one in that meeting in the air hallelujah hallelujah amen hallelujah let's just stand as we get ready to change order of service as our brother comes And let's just only believe just to believe the things we've sung about. Believe the prayers we prayed and uh Amen. And don't and don't give any kind of doubt to it. Amen. We we pray that the Lord just meets you to tonight in prayer. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Just receive what he has for you tonight. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things you Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord I Amen. Let's sing that one more time. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord I receive. Amen. Amen. Sometimes it's easier to believe that others can receive it, but we're here believing that we can receive, too. Amen. Amen. All things are possible to him that believeth. Amen. Let's uh approach the Lord in a word of prayer before we enter into the word today. Father, we thank you that you've made it possible for every one of us in this room to be able to receive from you. At one time, Lord, we were all sinners. We you we were aliens from the common wealth and there was no citizenship and there was no thought of you. We just had our own desires and our wills. And when we were yet in our sin, you tugged on our heart and let us know that you were alive and that we were we were a part of you some way, some great way. You conveyed that to us and let us know that we were out of the ark of safety. You told us if we would just believe our sins could be washed away. And if you could speak to us in that condition, how much greater could you speak to us in your house today? And God, we ask that you would cleanse us of all of our sins. Every one of us that's sitting here in in church today, perhaps those that' be live streaming. Lord, as we bow in reverence and respect to you, would you wash us of our iniquities and our sins that we might have close communion with you this evening in your house. Come and speak to us from your precious word. Give us strength to enter into the word. We thank you for these things. Now Lord, I ask that you would also remember each one that has a request on their heart today. Lord, it's been brought to the house of the Lord. And I pray that thy word can meet every need that would be amongst us. Please bless your people as we wait further on thee now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. and we give God glory for all things. Turn with me if you would to the book of Luke 12 verse 32. So we're reading out of the book of Luke 12 verse 32. Amen. Good to see brother and sister Bman here. I wasn't sure whether they were going to be here. We didn't see brother Bman in the men's meeting. So, we're just happy to see them. I wasn't sure because of the weather, you know, whether you're going to stay. So, I just praise God for to see them. Amen. Brother Bruce and Sister Donna are are celebrating their 49th anniversary this week. And so, let's be in prayer for them. They'll be back uh for Sunday's service. Amen. Luke chap 12 verse number 32. Fear not little flock for it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. We want to talk about God's pleasure to give us his kingdom. His kingdom. Now the kingdom of God is the Holy Ghost or the living word of God and that's what he wants to give us. Now of course a lot of people not understanding the kingdom we're thinking it's just something on the other side but if we don't enter the kingdom on this side we can't go to the other side. So in John chapter 18, Jesus answered, he said, "My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, then my servants would fight." So Jesus is making it clear that number one, the kingdom that he wants to give us is not of the world. So we we can't dish it out, find it out in encyclopedias. We can't read a bunch of books. It's not from down here. 1 Corinthians 15:50 says, "Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God." So we cannot in oursel and our carnality and our thinking and our best efforts and our works and our we cannot enter the kingdom because flesh and blood cannot enter it. So it's something that's on the inside of us. It's not our our our carnality that enters in. and it cannot enter. There's somebody that's standing at the door. God is having a a white throne judgment and he will make a decision who's going to enter in, who's not, and he's making it real clear that flesh and blood cannot enter in. So, we have to enter the kingdom another way. And Jesus said in John 3:3 that verily, verily, I say unto thee, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. Amen. So we we have to become born again. Now, how do we do that? How do we become born again? What a good question. How do I know that I'm born again? So, can you say amen to the word of God? I'll say it takes a working of the spirit of God in the spirit of man to change his nature. Amen. So it takes the Holy Ghost working on our spirits, not our flesh, not our emotions, but on our spirit and our soul to change the nature that we may be able to enter in. In other words, we can't enter into heaven with our nature. So the longer we prolong I don't feel like doing what God wants me to do, the longer it takes to get to heaven. Amen. So, we want to be serious about focusing on changing our nature. Now, how is the kingdom of God given to us? Jesus said, uh, it is the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. How is it given to us? Anybody know? Okay, we're going to read a scripture. This is how it's given to us. It's in second Peter 1:11. The Bible says, "For for soul in entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and our Savior Jesus Christ." So the kingdom of God is actually ministered to you through the word of God. This is how we enter the kingdom. It's through the ministry of the word. In other words, the word of God, this Bible here, this is letter form of the kingdom. But you could know this Bible inside and out, quote everything, have it all in your head and your nature never be changed and you would never enter the kingdom. So what happens is that this word when it's preached to us, it has to literally excite us. It has to be real to us. And I want that. I I want that in me. And when your desire for God is for what God's will is for your life, then it comes inside of you. It is that simple. God is trying to get us where our freemore agency wants what he wants. It's you don't got to, you know, learn a lot of quotes or you you have to have a desire for God's will. And so in simplicity, when we come to church, what God is really doing at church, he's showing you how to enter in. No matter where you're at, where you're at in entering in, he's trying to show you how to enter in. The ministry of the word opens the door to the kingdom. Luke 17:20. Um, and when he was demanded of the Pharisees, this is going to be a simple subject, so it should be easy to follow along. And when if you have a hard time following along, the best thing to do is stare at the preacher and say amen. You got to say amen. You just can't stare. You could fall asleep, right? You Anybody ever fall asleep watching a movie, but try saying amen. Amen every couple minutes when you're watching a movie. That'll keep you awake. You don't have to say, "Wow, this is a good movie." Because usually when you're falling asleep, it's pretty boring. Or you're tired. one of the two. And when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them said, "The kingdom of God cometh not with observations. Neither shall they say, lo, here or there, behold, the kingdom of God is within you." So the the word is ministered to you and you don't see it, but in your heart you say that's for me. And when you say it's for me, literally the kingdom of God is coming inside of every one of us. Even if we don't feel it because it's by faith. If we're sitting here today say that word is for me, then it will be a part of you. But if you hear the word and it just doesn't matter. You just say amen to it. But it really doesn't matter. If it comes inside of you, it won't come. You've got to blessed are they that hunger and thirst. They're the ones going to get filled with the kingdom. Amen. The kingdom of God is Jesus Christ. the word, the living word of God, the Holy Ghost, however you want to say that, they're all one. And what when it comes to the inside of the human heart, it it literally changes the nature of a man. And I hate to say, we don't have to worry about being shook up and uh dancing all over the place and having these feelings that we haven't had for a while. It has nothing to do with that. it. You know, when when Mary received the word which was Jesus Christ inside of her body, Brother Brandon said it came without sensation. The only thing she said, brother James, she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." That's right. Because she didn't have to know a man. And we don't have to know a feeling to receive this kingdom. Right? We don't need to have a feeling, an emotion. What we have to have is faith. This word is for me, though none go with me still. I'll follow. I know that I'm here for a purpose, and I got to get more of God. 2 Corinthians 5:17 says, "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is new. He's a new creature. He's just new. And old things are passed away. Behold, all things have become new. Now, we are somewhere in this category. We are in the category of that some things have been passed away and some things have become new. We're all there somewhere in that category. And we're striving to our life becomes all Christ to where our whole past is really all past. And individually, the more that we're hungering to become like Christ, the more we will become like Christ. The more that we just, well, I wish it would happen. I just God's got to do it because I'm not going to do it. You know, I mean, then it's not going to happen. God wants to give us, brother Ben said, the Holy Ghost more than we could possibly want it. So, a lot of times we're waiting on God to make us feel like it and, you know, make us feel like shouting, make us feel like stop doing bad things or, you know, start, you know, praising him or worshiping in church. We're waiting for God to make us feel like it. And God says, I I'm I'm here wanting it. I I deserve your praise. It it's it's it's up to us to give God what he's worthy of or to sit and feel like I don't feel like doing it. And and it's hard to, you know, Bible says it's hard to please God without faith. Impossible. Now, the problem with a lot of believers is that they only enter the kingdom and never continue on. In other words, they may got baptized. They they may have repented and they may started taking some steps and then they feel this um comfort uh of of I'm I'm in. So there's no need to get, you know, I'm not really called for anything, you know, I can't really be a part of the church. I I don't I don't got no talent. I I I you know I I just I I'm in I'm just kind of and then the interest becomes back in the world of of building a life and and and um you know you know getting a greenhouse and uh and before you know it, you know, we could have two or three houses. We could be pursuing a lot of different things. And there's nothing wrong with the green houses. There's nothing wrong with having two houses or three boats. It is not for me to say it's too much to have too much. It's not for me to say that. What I am here to say is it's very easy to not be pressing into the kingdom of God. And that's exactly what Satan wants us to uh to to do is not get that serious about it. But the kingdom comes in our hearts in three separate measures. I'm going to read about that here in a second. But remember, it's not just, well, you know, I I repented and got baptized, I'm in the kingdom. Get away from that thought because it comes in three measures. And you you you've got to get all of it. You've got to get all of it. First Thessalonians 2:12 says, "That ye walk worthy of God, who have called you into his kingdom and glory." And I'm sorry some of these scriptures aren't up on the board, but God has called us into his kingdom, but he says you got to walk worthy of it. Even though it's father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom, you got to walk worthy of it. This is the first thing that we're taking a thought of and and and Jesus speaking here in Luke 9:62, if you want to write it in, says, "No man having his hand uh put his hand to the plow and look it back is fit for the kingdom of God." In other words, if you start, you get baptized, you start in with Christ, but you don't keep going. Jesus said you are not fit for the kingdom. Even though Jesus said it's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom, it is it is the good pleasure of our father to give us the kingdom. But we still have to take the kingdom. It's just like the children of Israel, they were given the promised land, but they had to take it. It's no different. I'd like to read if we could pull this one up on on the we're going to we're going to forget Matthew and pull up Luke 13:20. You want to write this down. Luke 13:20. And again, Jesus said, "Where unto shall I liken the kingdom of God?" It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. So, what's the kingdom? What do I liken it to? In verse 21, it is like leavenan, which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal to the whole was leaven. So it's it's it's in three parts and it's hid. Jesus hid the kingdom in three measures, three parts. So it's not as simple as just, well, I repented, I got baptized, I should be good. Now, how many knows what the three measures are? Let me just see your hands. Well, I am so glad that we're all here today because we're going to learn what the three measures are. The first measure is justification. Yeah, if you get the first one, you get the second, the third, sanctification and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And you understand you can't be whole with justification. Jesus said right here, um, he hid the three measures of meal till the whole was leaven. We need all three all three to to enter in flesh and blood. You get you can repent, get baptized, and if it's still flesh and blood, you never go on to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You can enter in because Jesus himself said, um, you must be born again. So, what is born again? That's that nature has to be changed. It has to. And it doesn't change after death. It doesn't change after death. It changes beforehand. So the kingdom comes into our hearts. Three separate measures. Brother Brandham said the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. He says now he called the church through sanctification. No, I'm sorry. He called the church through justification. He called it through sanctification. Then filled it with the Holy Ghost and fire. And he took it through a process that he himself, the Holy Spirit, the son of God, could dwell in the human heart. Now, it has to go through that before he can come into it. A lot of times, you know, you know, people get caught up in the spirit and certain things happen and they think they got God. Like where do you get where do you where what about the person where he's evil, right? The the rain falls on the just and the unjust. He makes the sun to rise on the good and the evil. So God has the ability to bless even his enemy. He's so full of love and he could rejoice. And brother Brandham says the you know the the the cockabers they they rejoice and you know the the rain the showers of blessing and the sun is out we're growing just like the wheat. So it's not about having some past experience that doesn't even say anything. What matters is that we're growing in the word. Amen. We're growing. So God has given us a five-fold ministry that ministers an entrance into the kingdom. And Jesus said we we you know he that has ears to hear, let him hear. We still have to have ears to hear what the ministry is actually speaking. That's why we got to come and we got to be prepared for the word. So the five-fold ministry is preaching. Now, I want us to catch this. It is preaching the message of the hour. Amen. We can't preach Noah's message. It's in the Bible, but we can't preach it. We I I can't tell you. You know what you need to do? You need to go home and you need to start building an ark. And every time you come to church for 125 years, go home and get that ark. Build it. This is how you build it. It wouldn't work, would it? This is not it's it's not going to rain. It's not going to flood anymore. I mean, we had some rain today, but it's not going to flood. It's going to burn because you've got to know where you're at for the hour. We can't be preaching uh Moses's message. We can't be preaching uh uh Martin Luther's message or or or Luther or or or or Wesley's message. We have to preach the message for this hour. And this hour is the only hour that has all the truth. That's right. So that's why a lot of people don't stay in the message when they come. They want to be in a church where they can feel comfortable just believing part of the word. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin the sound, the mystery of God should be finished. In other words, this ministry in this hour preaches a ministry of perfection. Amen. Because it's bringing a bride to perfection. And it's hard. It's not easy. How many has got a high standard? Let me see your hand. in something in something you got a high standard. So, so our sister Gabrielle here, so if if she goes to clean a house, she wants to make sure that she has workers there that's going to be to her standard. And if they're not to her standard, they're not going to last. Is that true statement? I mean, you should be saying at least amen. I mean, or or Brother Dennis. I mean, if we're going to all go work for Brother Dennis and push the lawnmower, we can't have six inches of tall grass in between each row. It ain't We ain't going to We ain't going to stick because he's got a high standard. It's got to look good for the customer. God's got a high standard. It's called perfection. He let us go on to perfection. Laying is laying aside this other stuff. get your mind on what the next thing you need to be doing. And and when you come to church, God's speaking to you personally, you just got to be, listen, God, I'm here. I want to hear what you got to say. You can't be wondering over here and wondering over there and your thoughts are over here and expect to hear from God. It don't work like that. Did you ever watch a movie, but you weren't paying attention? And then you wonder why something happened. Can you go back? Can we redo? No. Look, we we got one chance to get out of here. I remember brother Johnson saying years ago, even if somebody doesn't come to church and the word is being preached, God will hold that person accountable because they should have been there at their post of duty. It's a serious thing because the ministry is getting us into the kingdom. We we can't be just looking at I I I I've repented. had been baptized and saw him in. We can't do that. Don't do that. We've got to we've got to press in now. Even though God has given us the kingdom, we got to fight. We got to fight our way into it. Yes, sir. Luke 16:16 says, "The law and the prophets were until John. But since that time, the kingdom of God is preached, right? It's ministered and every man press into it. So that would be like you saying when you hear the word preached, that would be like you saying, "Amen, Lord. That's what I want for my life." That is how you press into it. You You leave church thinking about what was preached on. Yes. How many times have we heard our our brother Bruce uh when he closed in prayer, Lord, deal with our hearts with what was been preached. When we leave, deal with our hearts. And and and we we've heard brother Bman say how good it is when the Holy Ghost comes and brings a conviction. And I mean, this is what we need to grow, to become the word, to become the kingdom. You're literally becoming the kingdom. You understand that God is going to actually use you to live in. That's the truth. You are going to become the house of God. You're the new Jerusalem. So, we have to press our way all the way into perfection. Not just starting, but press. Paul said, "I count not myself to have apprehended. I count not myself as though I've already attained or either were already perfect, but I pressed toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of Christ Jesus. So Paul had a revelation that he just wasn't in the kingdom because he repented and got baptized. And he didn't look at his job, well, yeah, I'm in the kingdom and I just got to preach it to others. No, he's saying, I'm one of the lay men. I have to press my way in. I I can't take a vacation. I got to keep God with me. Amen. Brother John. Acts 14:22 says that confirming the souls of the disciples and exhorting them to continue in the faith. It's not up on the board, but you can write it down. Part I want to get to is right here. That we must through much tribulation enter the kingdom of God. So even though it's given to us, the kingdom is given to us, the only way that we're going to enter in is through much tribulation. It's not easy. Why? Because the devil is standing trying to get us. And I remember when I was in the world and I was listening to Stairway to Heaven. I wasn't even spiritual, but I could figure that one out. The devil don't want me to go to heaven. He's standing in the way, keeping me. And at that time, he was just enticing me with everything that I could possibly want, just giving me whatever I wanted. Luke 18:24. And when Jesus saw, talking about the rich young ruler, he was very sorrowful. He said, "How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God?" In other words, they may start, they may repent, they may get baptized, they may start, but soon as they get riches, they get their mind off of what they need to be doing. Jesus himself said, "How hardly, there ain't too many rich people, they're going to make it." Not saying there's not. I mean, Abraham was rich, but he hid the character. But he's he's making a statement that there's things that get in the way if it's not tested. The Satan will use the blessings that God gives you to keep you from church. All of a sudden, you're getting so blessed and so busy, you don't even got time. Satan knows how to make it hard for us. Matthew 11:12, Jesus speaking. He says, "And from the days of John the Baptist until now, the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence, and the violent taketh it by force." Amen. So God gives us the kingdom, and there's turbulence. There's shaking. You've been in a plane before, or some of you have been in a plane before and you went through some turbulent area, right? And the pilot says, he turns on the fasten the seat belt sign and he says, "Uh, please go to your seat." And you're in your seat. And I mean, there's been times that we wondered, we wondered if this is it. You get the thought. Look, there's times we wonder, are we in the kingdom? Are we where we need to be? Amen. Am I going to make it? Because there's a there's a there's a turbulence, a spiritual turbulence. The devil I told the that the in the men's being the devil comes to church, too. He's trying to keep us from he wants us our minds to be somewhere else. He wants us ditto down around our thoughts going here and there and not even paying attention to the word. But God's trying to minister an entrance into that kingdom for us. Did you ever have a hard time? You came to church, but you had literally a hard time of entering into the word. I'm sure we all have. When that happens, we can say the devil did his job good. Now, I believe that if we do our part, which is prepare, we're coming for the battle. We're, you know, we're right there. The devil's going to give us thoughts about, you know, where are we eating after church? You know, what are we doing this week? Or, you know, what's going to happen? Or is it nine o'clock yet? Right. And and we're not prepared. If we're not prepared, we get sucked in. But if we're prepared, we knock those off. And we're we know that we're here for a reason. We're going to receive what we can receive from God. God has given us the kingdom, but the devil fights against us from entering into more. So, we have to fight for what God has given to us. He's rightfully given us the kingdom, but we have to fight for it because the devil is not wanting us to take it. So, we have to be forceful. We, in other, how do I be forceful in church? Because we're just going to like kind of get down to earth on this. This is a simple subject. How do how do we how do we get forceful? How how we get forceful is don't be laxidasical. Don't lay back. Don't act like there isn't much you need to do that you're okay. We got to fight the good fight of faith. We got to lay hold, the Bible says, of of eternal lay hold of the word that's being ministered by God to you today. He may use any old vessel that he wants to use. That's up to God. But he'll use that vessel and he'll speak to you so you have a chance to enter in. Now, how do we get it? How do we how do we make sure that we're entering into the kingdom? Make God a priority. Don't try to fit God into your life. Fit God into your schedule. Fit God into your busyiness. Fit God into No. Make him a priority. And the scripture for that is Matthew 6:33. But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his his righteousness, and all these things shall be added to you. So we literally, if you're really going to receive the kingdom of God, you got to you got to want it first. You got to seek it. Seek for the very kingdom of God that he has given you to come inside of you. It takes time to seek God. Okay. Is it easier, just be honest, is it easier to go through the m McDonald's drive-thru or is it easier to make a healthy five course meal at home? Okay. So, and so you understand that the devil is wanting you to come to church with the attitude of of a drive-thru. All I got to do is just go there, show up, hear the and and I got I I did my what I needed to do. And and we don't really receive the nutrients. I mean, because if you eat McDonald's all the time, what's going to happen? you're going to look like me. I shouldn't say that because that would be saying the show's not making good dinners and know that and I never meant it like that. I just didn't want to point I wanted to put the blame on me and not nobody else. I just should have said Bob here or something. You know, I always get myself in trouble. But the Bible says they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. It takes time to seek the Lord. Now, this word seek, but seek ye first the kingdom of God, what it means is to worship. If you look it up, it means specifically to worship God, to desire God, to endeavor, to inquire, to require it for your life. That's what it means. And when the word is being ministered, the entrance to the kingdom is being brought before you. And at that point, the devil is going to distract you from entering into the word, and you just got to lay hold of it. Like, you ever get sick and tired of not trying hard enough at church? Yeah. Yeah. And and that's what you got to do because it's it's not your heart to not care. It it's a trick of the enemy. But the thing is, we have to do our part in order to get into the kingdom because flesh and blood will not enter the kingdom. We've got we've got to receive the aggra word. We've got to hunger for it. You know, to me, it would be better to say amen too much to help you enter in. Amen. Yeah, it's true. You You need something to help you to get where you got to get to because we we got to get past just making it to church. I mean, even though you know you're here with good intentions, sometimes we don't prepare. You know, we don't get enough rest. We don't we don't spend enough time in prayer. We're not in the spirit and we're just kind of here. And that's not gonna that that you're going to miss what God wants you to do. Lukeap 11 verse 5. Lukeap 11 verse 5. If you could turn there if you got a Bible because we're going to read some verses here. Which of you shall have a friend and shall go unto him at midnight and say unto him, Friend, lend me, notice three loaves. For a friend of mine is in his journey, is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him. and he from within the other person he's talking to shall answer and say, "Trouble me not. The door is now shut. My children are in bed with me. I cannot rise and give to thee." So, he's got this feeling inside. What are you bothering me so late at night for? Nobody wants to get woken up and and deal with something like this. Look what Jesus said. Now I say unto you, though he will not rise and give him, but because he is his friend, and yet because of his inortunity, which means persistence, he will rise and give him as many as he needeth. That's why you go to a friend when you need something. And you you you have to be persistent. You have to be I God, I am here. I need to enter into the kingdom. You're my friend. That's right. And Jesus said, "Ask and it shall be given you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you." The whole premises is to be persistent in your asking, in your seeking, in your knocking. You can't just, oh, I plopped into church. No, I am pressing in. I am asking. I am seeking. I want more of the Holy Ghost. Jesus said, for everyone, that includes you. Now it includes everybody here. For everyone that askketh receiveth, he that seeketh findeth and him that knockketh it shall be open. And he leaves with this. He wants to increase our faith. And he says here, if a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent? Or if he shall ask an egg, will he give him a scorpion? Well, the answer is no. No, no, no, no, no way. And then he says, if then if you then being an evil, in other words, your nature Yes, sir. is evil. And with a evil nature, you would not do that harm to your children. How much more shall your heavenly father give you the Holy Ghost by just asking, by seeking? God wants to give us the Holy Ghost. But the problem is we're not seeking enough. We're not wanting enough. We don't we're not crying enough. We're not we're not worshiping God enough. We just like I just make it to church barely. This only got time to do this. We got to enter in with much much tribulation, much persistence. We got to be persistent. Can't be double-minded. We got to keep the vision with with our prayers. We got to ask in faith, ask in confidence. We know God cannot lie. I think we just want to we want to become more humble, more sincere. God will give us the grace. Philippians 1:6, "Be confident of this one thing, that he which had begun a good work, he shall perform it unto the day of Jesus Christ." Amen. We just need to keep on keeping on. And and we can't keep on just coming to church. We We got to worship God the way the Bible teaches us. We got to seek the kingdom the way the Bible teaches us. We don't want to plow any new trails and and and and and have our own religion. We want the Bible religion, old time religion. Luke 13:8. Then said Jesus, unto what is the kingdom of God like, and where to shall I resemble it? Jesus is asking this question. And then he said, "It is like a grain of mustard seed." Now, I'm sorry. I I if you wouldn't mind set that that up there. Um No. Well, you don't. Yeah. I'm sorry. Some of these are just not up there, and we just got to go with it. It is like a grain of mustard seed which a man took and cast it into the garden his garden and it grew and it waxed a great tree and the fowls of the air lodged in it and uh in the branches of it and lodged in the branches of it. So God, Jesus himself is saying, what he is expressing to us what this kingdom of God is going to be like when it comes into you, right? It's coming without observation. It's being ministered unto you. And it it comes I like a a small mustard seed. We all know it's small, right? Matthew 13:31. Matthew 13:31. Another parable putting forth, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is likened to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took and sowed in his field, which indeed is the least of all seeds, but when it is growing, it is the greatest among herbs and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof." Now, this is what happens when you come to church and you say, "Amen to the word. I receive that word into my heart." It's a real little thing, but if you keep it, you believe it, it's going to grow big that other people are going to benefit from your life. It starts out real small. The kingdom of God starts out small. You believe one thing and it grows and you believe another and it grows and it it just keeps producing over and over. We got a little uh tree that can't even remember the tree right now that we got from up north, but we brought it down from Cheryl's parents. Huh? What kind? No. Yeah, the rubber. No, it's not that one. So, the one at the at the driveway, the Mount Nash and uh it's got a beautiful like orange berries and it was just a little thing like this and it's grown now. And it just it just keeps producing. And that's what the word does. You keep giving it water, you give it sun, and it grows. It it ju it just grows. Jesus said, "I have many things to say unto you, but you can't bear it now. It's going to take time. The Holy Ghost is going to come. Peter said it like this. Giving all diligence, add to your faith, virtue, virtue, knowledge, knowledge, temperance, add. See, you're adding. You're growing. This kingdom of God grows. It isn't something like you repent, you baptize, you say you believe, and you're in the kingdom. That is nonsense. How many people are going to miss that? The meaning behind that is much greater. You can't take those se those scriptures and leave out the rest of the Bible. You take the rest of the Bible, then that's a true true statement. You've got to keep adding this. Jesus himself said, "I will liken it onto a mustard seed that it just grows, grows, grows." That it just doesn't repent, baptize, and it stays right there. That's not the parable he gave. If we're not growing, we're stunt. I'm going to tell you what happens when a baby is inside of a woman. If it stops growing, what happens? We as Christians, we can't stop growing. Find something to do for Jesus. Find something to do for the church. Find somebody to pray for. Grow, grow, grow. Because we don't have much time left. 1 Peter 2:1 Peter speaking wherefore laying aside this is what you how you grow lay aside all malice all guile I hypocrisies envo speakings as newborn babes desire the sinc milk of the word that ye may grow thereby what I love about this this growing process of this mustard seed that just grows and so big and a tree and the the birds come. It don't happen without you laying aside what God tells you to lay aside when you come to church. Your heart has to be in the word. And when you're willing to give up the things that God tells you to give up, you know, then you you you you can let that word begin to grow in your life because God wants to know how sincere we are. You say you want God, you want the kingdom, you want to go to heaven, then what are you going to what are you going to give up? What are you going to do? Are you just going to serve God your way? Nobody's going to tell you what to do. Is that the attitude you're going to have? You're not going to make it because God puts everybody to the place where you you have to lay aside everything that he tells you to lay aside. God has given us the kingdom, but we need to grow in it. And there is a major major part that we play and that's called obedience. We just can't be a hearer of the word but a doer of the word. The Bible says, "This man shall be blessed in his deed." Malachi 4:2 says, "But unto you that fear my name," that's the key right there, fear, the reverence, "You that reverence my name, shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and you shall go forth and grow as calves of the stall. If you want to grow in Christ, you want to be a real solid Christian, fear the Lord. Amen. Fear the word. Reverence. If the prophet told you that this sanctuary needs to be kept holy unto the Lord, reverence that. Don't just pick and choose. I don't think I need to do that. No, you need to do that because if you want to grow, you got to follow the word. Now you're building your house upon the word of God, the solid rock. All other ground is sinking sand. Christ is building his kingdom upon the revealing of himself to you. Yes. In other words, if you don't get a revelation of him speaking to you, you're he's not building the church in you. That's why you have to be I got to hear from God. Because when you hear from God, that's him building his church in you. And the beautiful thing about is the gates of hell should not prevail against it. Hebrews 12 26. Hebrews chapter 12 26. You know, I didn't have many notes today. I thought, "Oh, for sure. We're just going to like get through this. We're going to let everybody out early. They're going to think something happened to me. Supernatural back there. And I'm just This is what happens when you take your time. Then you don't even get through what little you do have. Hebrews 12:26, whose voice then shook the earth, but now he had promised, saying, "Yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven." And this word yet once signifying the removing of those things which things that are shaken. The removing of those things that are shaken as of the things that are made. But those things which cannot be shaken may remain. And those are the things of God. That's him revealing his word to you. Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved. When he speaks his word, you can be as bold as a lion. But when you you haven't heard from God and you're just playing church, a test and trial is going to come and you're going to be shaken. So you got to know that you you and God are serious in the house of God, right? You're hearing from them. Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably. And how is that? With reverence and godly fear. No messing around in church, right? For our God is a consuming fire. A consuming fire. All right. Ephesians chapter 3:4. So good to hear you say amen. I like to keep that up. That's encouraging. You know that. That encourages the preacher. Ephesians 3:14. For this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our lord Jesus Christ of whom the whole family is in heaven and earth is named that he may would grant you according to his riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man that Christ may dwell here's the kingdom of God that Christ may dwell in your heart by faith being rooted and grounded So, we're talking about this tree, this kingdom. It's got to be rooted. It can't fall on stony ground. It can't amongst the thorns and thistles and uh by the wayside. It has to be on good ground and it has to get rooted. In other words, when you hear the word and you say, "Amen," you're sincere and you mean it. Yes, you really really mean it. You want this for your life. You you you don't want to, you know, take the wrong road and and and and get mixed up with the wrong people. You want to stay with the word of God that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breath. Thinking about this kingdom now, the breath, the length, the depth, the height, and to know the love of Christ which passes all knowledge that you might be filled with the fullness of God. This is the kingdom. It starts out with being rooted and grounded in Christ. And then it goes to the place that our lives are the fullness of Christ. So, we're not we don't stay down here with just being baptized. We're we're now growing into the fullness of Christ. So now we come to church for another reason. By by faith I'm saved. I'm sitting here as a as a believer saved by the grace of God. Now I'm here to get more than what I had when I came. I want to have the fullness. I want to have the next measure. I want to have what Christ has promised to give me when I come to church today. Amen. Now, unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we would ask or think according to the power that workketh in us. I want you to feel the power. I want you to know the power that works in in you. You want to know what that you you can feel that power when you can say I believe. Amen. Amen. All right. Ephesians 4:15. We have to hurry now because we saw the piano player. That means time is near the end. Ephesians 4:15. Speaking the truth in love. May grow up into him in all things which is the head, even Christ. So the the kingdom of God, he's wanting us to all grow up. We can't just say, "Well, I'm not a preacher. I I don't play any of the instruments. I I I don't teach Sunday school. I I I I I'm not handling uh the things that an handles. We We can't say that. We have to become just like Jesus." So, we must take on the same the same responsibility of giving our best to God. I I love brother and sister Bman being at the door when when people come in and greet and and and be the face of the church, the hospitality, the love that's inside representing what's they can expect when they come inside the church. Amen. And there's something that we all could do if we just put our heart into it. Verse 16. From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth. Every one of you play a part according to the effectual working in the measure of every part. making look an increase of the body, a growing of the body unto the edifying of itself. How? In love. Not what you know. Not what you know, but it's how you love. It's how you manifest Christ to one another. That's how you edify one another. Oh, I love the word. Don't you? All right. Matthew 6:27. Is this hard to do? Is this Is this going to be hard? I don't think this is going to be hard. Matthew 6:27. Which of you by taking thought can add one cubic unto his statue? Not a one. And why take ye thought of for remnant? So I want you to think about the kingdom now coming inside of you and you entering the kingdom. Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not a raid like one of these. I think it's real simple. Eat the word and it'll materialize in your life. God will do the work. You just say, "I believe the word. I really believe I'm going to go home and I'm going to apply this word in my home. I'm going to serve my mom. I'm going to serve my dad. I'm going to serve my husband. I'm going to serve my wife. I'm going to serve my children. I'm going to serve." I'm going to become the word. Now, the hard job for a parent is they have to make sure that the word is being lived in the home. Got to bring down the guillotine. The standard is right here. We're not doing this. We can do this, but we're not doing this. And that's a mother's love. That's a father's love right there. God loves us. We eat the invisible word and we grow into the very kingdom of God. Amen. Verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter in. A little child doesn't know anything to do except believe. It doesn't understand. It just believes. And when we come to church, don't try to understand. Just believe. Trust God. Take him at his word. God is hidden simplicity. I just got a few things. We're closing. Sincerely pray. Be sincere when you pray. Be prepared for God to speak. Be reverent. Be humble. Come to church with an expectation. The Bible says, "For an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ." Fear not, little flock, for it is the Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. God has already given you has already given you the promise of his kingdom. Now, it's up to you to start growing in it. Just grow in it. Take the word, say, "I'm going to live it." Come next week with a testimony. I decided to start living for Jesus a little bit more this week. And I'll tell you that testimony in church is enough to help light the fire in the church because we need a living word. This means we a a living church. Paul stating living the life, encouraging one another, and edifying one another. Let's stand together, saints. God God bless you. Just walk in his kingdom on earth. Don't wait till you get there. Walk on walk in his kingdom here. Remember when Jesus was teaching his disciples to pray? He said, "Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." So, you simply take the word that's ministered unto you and you start living it in your personal life. And it doesn't matter if your sisters and brothers aren't doing it. It doesn't matter if your husband and wife's not doing it. Doesn't matter if your best friends aren't doing it. You do it. You do it. You do his word on earth. That is his kingdom coming inside of you. Granted, let's bow our hearts in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, Lord, we come to you as a body. We want to be that body that edifies one another, that effectually works and gives to each member the things that have need of. And Lord, we want to be that church that's continuously growing in the love of God and and seeking all the measures that you have for us till we're whole, till we're completely in your image. And Father, I pray that you would bless and strengthen the church. May this um this word, Lord Jesus, that that you have given us in this hour become more precious to us that we could spend more time listening to the tapes and reading the message and and and reading this precious Bible and and seeking you in prayer and and coming to church uh as it were with a a level head, a sound mind, and and desiring preparing to have more of the kingdom ministered onto us. Bless us as a body, Lord. We want to be ready when it comes time for the rapture. We want to be there. Oh God, help us, Lord. Help us to shake off all unbelief, to shake off the things of the world, to shake off the things that are standing in the way. Lord, help us to be a help to one another. Oh, granite Jesus. We need you as a body, Lord. And we're crying out to you today. May your word just enter inside of us and make us all that you'd have us to be completely new creatures in you. Thank you for these things, Father. We love you. We give you the praise as we expect these things, Lord, in the days to come in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. When the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. [Music] Am I a soldier of the cross, a followower of the lamb? And shall I fear to own his cause or blush to speak his name? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. The sky be carried to the skies on flowery beds of the while others fought to win the prize and sailed through bloody. How many wants to do your part? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Are there no foes for me to face? Must I not stand a flood? Is this a world a friend to grace to help me unto God? And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem. Sure, I must fight if I would write increase my courage, Lord. I'll bear the toll, endure the pain supported by thy word. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. Yes, we shall wear a crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in that new Jerusalem. Wear a crown. Wear a crown. Wear a bright and shiny crown. And when the battle's over, we shall wear a crown in the new Jerusalem.
