################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - 3.23.25 - Power Of Living In Indebtedness - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   3.23.25 - Power Of Living In Indebtedness - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww6qrDPY7ks
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Think I got a dead mic. No, it'll work. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Joy like a fountain. Healing streams of life come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. [Music] Joy like a fountain. Healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Joy like a fountain hailing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Amen. Amen. You have to believe that. Amen. I ask brother Orlando if you just open in a word of prayer. Our Praise and worship. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. At the cross. Amen. Alas, did my Savior bleed? And did my sovereign die? Would he devote that sacred head for such a worm as I at the cross? At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Was it for crimes that I have done? They grown upon the tree. Amazing pity. Praise unknown and love beyond decree. At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart go away. It was there by faith I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. Well might the son in darkness hide and shut his glory in. and Christ the mighty maker died for man the creature sin. At the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. But drops of grief can dare repay. The debt of love I hold. Dear Lord, I give myself away is all that I can do. At the cross. At the cross where thy first saw the light and the burden of my heart go away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I receive my sight and now I am happy all the day. Amen. Amen. All hail the power of Jesus. Amen. All hail the power of Jesus name. Let angels prostrate fall. Bring forth the royal dadd and crown him Lord of all. Bring forth our royal triad and crown him Lord of all. The chosen seed of Israel's race ransom from the fall. Hail him who saved you by his grace and crown him Lord of all. Hail him who saves you by his grace and crown him Lord of all sinners whose love can dare. Forget the wormwood and the call. Go spread your trophies at his feet and crown him Lord of all. Temp trophies at his feet and crown him Lord of all. Let every kindred, every tribe on this terrestrial ball to him all majesty ascribe and crown him Lord of all. To him all majesty ascribe and crown him Lord of all. Oh that with yonder sacred from wee at his feet shall fall will join the everlasting song and crown him Lord of all. will join the everlasting song and crown him Lord of all. Hail him the heirs of David's line who David Lord did call the God incarnate and divine and crown him Lord of all. The God incarnate him and divine and crown him Lord of all. Amen. Amen. He's my king. Amen. Love lifted me. I'm so glad for that. Amen. I was sinking deep in sin, firm from the peaceful shore, buried deeply stained within, sinking to rise no more. But the master of the sea heard my desparing cry from the water lifted me now safe am I. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me all my heart. To him I give. Ever to him I'll cling. In his blessed presence live. Ever his praises sing. Love so mighty and so true merits my soul's best song. Faithful loving service to him belongs. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. And nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Souls in danger look above. Jesus completely saves. He will lift you by his love out of the angry waves. He's the master of the sea. Willows his will obey. [Music] Your savior wants to be be saved to today. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Amen. Amen. I'm glad for that. I'm also glad that it's not conditional. I always say my love with Donna is conditional. She says if you don't do this, but God doesn't do that. When you come to Calvary and you give your heart to him, I got you. When you're down and out, I got you. Amen. When you don't have faith, I got you. Jesus will stick close. Amen. He will He will do great things. Amen. So, we take up our prayer requests this morning. Sister Linda Beckman says, "Please pray for Naomi and her sons, James and Luke." Um, they just went through a divorce. So, she's having problems in the house. You know, the devil likes to come in like a flood, turn everything upside down, and make you think God can't do anything for you. He's powerless. But just remember, I got you. Amen. Love lifted me. Amen. Amen. Um, the Lord called Bob Koba home on uh Friday morning, I think it was. So, I want to pray for Anna that the Lord will give her strength. Um, they've been married for 44 years. So, that's a pretty good hole, man. Also remember, Brother Johnson. Um, he was in intensive care. I I think he's in normal uh a normal room at U of M. I sat with him for a couple hours on Friday. Uh they were trying to get his vitals and everything to get in the right place. They were kind of all messed up and he was delirious. Um didn't know where he was at. But while he was there, we were by ourselves. I got out my song book because I had to get my songs for today. So I had my song book with me. I started singing, "I'll meet you in the morning." Of course, I started crying. And then I said, "Lord," I said, "Come on, Brother Johnson, sing with me." He calmed right down. I sang about three or four songs with him. Um, then, you know, staff has to do what they do. But remember, Brother Johnson and Sister Johnson, you know, you get closer to home. The Lord has chosen the path we must tread. He's chosen the door we have to go through. We think, you know, maybe God will do something different, but we just have to pray, "Let thy will be done." Amen. So, let's remember Anna and Brother Johnson, Sister Linda Helms for strength that God will just get control of her heart and the problems that she's having. Remember Naomi. Remember the unspoken requests. Each and every one of us got something that we're thinking, "Lord, I sure wish you'd do something about this." Amen. Put your trust in him. He doesn't fail. Amen. Let's all stand together. Let's just pray. Let's just join our voices together. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Lord, for your love. We're thankful for your mercy and your grace. Heavenly Father, we just pray you'll just come. You've heard each and every one of these requests. Father, we just pray for brother and sister Beckman's daughter Naomi. We just pray you'll give her supernatural strength, Father, and that you'll come against those spirits that are causing contention in the house, Lord. May you just move by your spirit in that situation, Lord. Heavenly Father, I pray Lord for Ana. Lord, I pray you'll be comfort and your strength. Lord Jesus, I pray that you just bless her and the family. Remember, brother and sister Johnson, Lord, we pray you'll bless him, Father. Give the doctor's wisdom, Lord, and may you just bless him while he's in the hospital. May you help sister Johnson, Lord, not to worry, Father. I pray you just bless him, Lord Jesus. May you just move by your spirit. Remember Sister Linda Helms, Lord, this morning. Lord Jesus, you know the end from the beginning. And I pray, Father, that you'll just help her in her body, Lord. That you'll strengthen her, Lord. Father, may you just come and bless, Lord Jesus, the unspoken requests, Lord Jesus, the secret things that are in our hearts, Lord. You know the secret things. And I pray, Father, that you just move by your spirit. May you just bless those, Father, that are discouraged. Lord, may you encourage them. May you just, Lord, lift up the hands that are hanging down, Lord. Father, I pray that you just by your bless father, brother Ron, brother Marty, sister Lori as they're away. Father, Sister Anne, Lord, we just pray you'll bless them and keep them. Lord, we pray, Lord, for brother Ferguson and Sister Miriam, Lord, who we haven't seen. Heavenly Father, I pray that you just strengthen them. May you just come bless the missionaries, Lord. Bless the service, Father. Give Brother John, Lord, the words that we have need of in this hour, Lord. We'll give you the praise and the honor and the glory in Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Where could I go? Where are you going to go? Right. Living below in this old sinful world. Hardly a comfort can afford. driving alone to face temptation. So where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. A friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Neighbors are kind. I love them everyone. We get along in sweet accord. But when my soul needs mana from above, where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Life here is grand with friends I love so dear. comfort I get from God's own word. Yet when I face the chilling hand of death, where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to the Lord? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. I'm going ask brother Dennis if he'll just pray over the um tithes and offerings. Amen. Our precious heavenly father, we come to you through Jesus Christ. And I want to thank you for sending your son that all the sinners could have life eternal with you. God, I ask that you take the offering you do what you wish with it. You'll bless it, multiply it, bless those that give that you'll help them. May they thank you for what you've done for them. May each and every one of us that are born again and we seek to serve you and be more like you. Thank you every day for you looking over us. And may every one of us here learn something today special to help us get closer to you. And may you see us all safely home as we leave here with great gratitude. And we want to thank you again for your son Jesus. We ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. What a fellowship. Amen. What a joy divine. Amen. What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessedness. What a peace is mine. Ling on the everlasting arms. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarm. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning [Applause] leaning safe and secure from all alarm. Leaning leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. What have I to dread? What have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms. I have blessed peace with my Lord so near. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning on Jesus. Leaning on Jesus. Safe and secure from all alarm. Leaning on Jesus. Leaning on Jesus. Leaning on the everlasting arms. What have I to dread? What have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms. I have blessed peace with my Lord so near. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarm. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Amen. Amen. I'm anchored in Jesus this morning. Amen. Upon life's boundless ocean, where mighty billows roll, I fix my hope in Jesus. Blessed anchor of my soul. When rials fears assail me, and storms are gathering or I rest upon his promise and trust him more. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll brave. I'm anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind or wave. Yes, I'm anchored in Jesus for he had power to save. I'm anchored in the rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has still the water and cause the tumult seas. I can and deliver to him I all can find for always when I need him is at my side. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind or wave. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus for he hath power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. He is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away my sorrow and shields me from the blast. By faith I'm looking upward beyond life's troubled sea. There I behold a haven prepared for me. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life, how brave. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind or wave. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. For he hath parted saved. I've anchored in the rock of aes. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll brave. I've anchored in Jesus. Fear no wind nor wave. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus for he had part to save. I've anchored in the rock of [Applause] aes. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Let's just sing onlyly believe as brother John comes this morning. Amen. I hope your anchor is in Jesus Christ. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Do you believe it? Then Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus our because Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Amen. Amen. How many feel in debt this morning that Jesus is here? Amen. Amen. that we can come to a place. Well, I hope wish my my musicians wouldn't leave so quick all the time. Can we just do one more song? Uh where can we go and and meet Jesus? He said, "Where two or three are gathered together, Amen. in my name, I'll be there in the midst." And I feel in debt that I can come here today and be with my brothers and sisters who possess Jesus Christ. and that just because I'm gathering with you, he said, "I'll be there. I'll be there." I just wanted to sing that little chorus. He paid a debt. He did not [Music] allow. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid. Amen. Let's sing that one more time. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Amen. Let's give the Lord a praise offering for paying that debt. Praise you, Jesus. Praise you, Lord Jesus, today. Amen. He's the only one that could have paid the debt. You think about there's people that praise movie stars, sports stars, praise presidents, dictators more than they praise the only one that could save them. I believe God inhabits the praises of those that worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. Amen. Turn with me if you would in your Bibles to uh 2 Corinthians chapter 2 as you're turning there. Um S uh Sister Donna made mention to me this morning that uh Anna Kova wants to thank everyone for their prayers. She really appreciate all of our prayers through the the time that we've been praying for him for been a while. As brother Bruce had said, just continue to hold her up in the days to come. Amen. Second Corinthians chapter 5. Before we begin reading here, let's look to the author of this book and just ask God to help us help us to receive this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, we count it a privilege to be in your house today. We don't deserve to even be able to come before your presence, Lord. We thank you for that great debt that you paid, allowing us to approach you and to come boldly. Lord, we come humbly this morning thanking you for the great gift of life that you've given each of us today. And Lord, today we just want to ponder those things today, what you've done for us. And Lord, perhaps take a look in the responsibility that now we that lies before us with what you've done for our lives. Please come and open our eyes, open these scriptures to us and let us leave here a better equipped people, Lord, than when we came. Lord, we love you. We want to to become completely in your image for no other reason but to please you, Lord, to be to be found pleasing in your sight. We ask that you come and anoint us. Anoint each ear to hear, each heart to receive. Anoint these lips, Lord, that they only speak the thoughts of God today. We commit it all to you now. We give you praise in advance for these things. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Second Corinthians chapter 5 starting with verse number 14 and conclude there with verse 15. For the love of Christ, Amen. Love lifted me. Amen. Did we not sing that? For the love of Christ constrainth us because we thus judge that if one died for all, then we're all dead. We're not set free, but we're dead. And that if he died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves. Amen. But unto him that died for them and rose again. And God bless you. May be seated. You see here that even though Christ paid for our our great debt, he died for us that we wouldn't have to die. He died for us that we could have eternal life. We are sitting here today uh that that we're dead to our will and dead to our flesh and dead to doing the things that we want to do. We're still um we're still in debt to God. Uh he paid our debt, but now we become in debt to God. That's right. Right. See, so so often the mentality of the church world is he paid my debt. I'm set free. I'm uh I'm saved and I I'm I don't got that sin hanging over me and and and I I can kind of just do what I want to do now. and that it is a trick that Satan tries to bring upon us on on a on a regular basis. This morning, we want to entitle this message the power of living in indebtedness. Amen. There is actually a power of feeling like you're in debt all the time. There's a power in that, a very a very powerful power. Let's start off here in John 3:13. Just laying the foundation of what Christ did for us. St. John chapter 3:13 Jesus speaking and no man have ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven even the son of man which is in heaven and as Moses lift as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness even so must the son of man be lifted up that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. How many remembers the story there where Moses lifted up the serpent? Amen. All right. And for those that don't, we're going to turn to it right now. Numbers 21. Come back here. Numbers 21:4. And they journeyed from the mount by the way of the Red Sea to compass the land of Edom. And the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way. And the people spake against God and against Moses. Now notice the attitude of the people that just came out of Egypt. They were just set free. But yet their nature wasn't set free. Right? Their nature wasn't set free. But they were set free from the physical bondage. And they began to speak against God and against Moses. Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness, for there's no bread, neither is there any water. And our soul loth this light bread. Is this all this church has got to give me? Amen. Is this all it's got to offer? Amen. And the Lord sent fiery serpents among the people. Notice who did this. The Lord sent fiery serpents among the people and they bit the people. And much people of Israel died. All because they murmured and complained. All because they chose to have a bad attitude about their situation. Amen. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole. And it shall come to pass that everyone that is bitten when he lookth upon it shall live. And Moses made a serpent of brass and put it upon a pole. And it came to pass that that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived. Now, this was this was set in place as a type. This is a this is a real thing that happened, but it was a type in the spiritual of what Christ done for us. because you know basically the whole world just murmurss and complains about their their life right but a lot of things that they do is because they they they simply can't trust God a lot of mistakes that I that happen to me they they come upon myself because I make wrong choices but anyways there seems to be this this this this problem of of just this um temptation of of wanting to murmur and complain and going back to St. John chapter 3 now and Jesus speaking uh that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son and whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. So God went he sent his son he went to Calvary for us and alls we have to do is look to him. Amen. But see a lot of people they look to him there was two thieves on the cross right? We'll look to him and say, "Hey, if you be God, come down here, save us both, and you know, we'll see." Then the attitude wasn't humility, wasn't humble, it was it was arrogant. And the other one standing right next to the cross said, "Lord, I'm not worthy. I am not worthy." And it depends how we look at the cross today, what we get out of it. You want more out of it, look at it in a humble view. Amen. And he that believeth on him is not condemned. Oh, verse 17, I'm sorry. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him, notice, might be saved. It's got to be through him. Not just the not just the act of saying, "I accept what Calvary did there, but to know the meaning of that act, to embrace all that that act encompassed for our lives. It was there to change our very nature." Yes. Oh, even though Jesus didn't say it there, I'm dying that your nature could be changed. Make sure you receive it. Is contained in the scriptures. He that believeth on him is not condemned, but he that believeth not is condemned already because he have not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. And this is the condemnation that light is coming to the world. And men, you know, they just actually love darkness rather than light. They're drawn to the things of the flesh because their deeds were evil. For everyone that doeth evil hateth the light. You ever have a problem with somebody that just doesn't want to listen? What's really happening is that they're loving their what they're doing. They neither come to the light, lest their deeds should be reproved. But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest that they are wrought of God. So, it's okay to just say, you know what, I've got these things in my life. I really want to get rid of them. They are dark. They shouldn't be there, but I'm coming to the light. Yes, that's the right attitude. The wrong attitude is, yeah, everybody's got them, and you know, just whatever. It's your attitude that brings you to the light. And and and unfortunately, God has made it like this with everyone having a freemore agency. And there is no possible way that you can come to the image of Jesus Christ without going through the avenue of free moral agency. It is possible because God will not have robots. So you got to accept the word into your heart, to your mind, and say, "Lord, this is what I'm going to walk in. I'm going to walk in the light as he's in the light. I'm going to keep moving forward." Yes. And God sees that and he says, "That's the one I'm after." Amen. He's searching for those that will worship me in spirit and truth. That's right. You want all the word now? To be in debt is a negative feeling. To feel to feel that you are in debt. It's a negative feeling. Can you say amen to that? It's associated with negative thoughts. No one wants to owe the government back taxes. Let me see. Has this is has this ever happened to anybody? You go out to dinner and they want to buy you dinner and you say, "Oh, no, no, I'm paying for my own dinner." Because you don't want to feel like you owe them good. I love honesty. It's happened to me. And so this this feeling of of you don't want to feel in debt to nobody, right? You just you want to be free from indentice because it's it's like a negative feeling. No one wants to owe the bank on a student loan, a car loan, a vacation loan or some second mortgage or owe someone because they borrowed money from them or just borrowed something from them. You don't want that feeling there because it's associated with a negativity. People don't like the feeling of indebtedness. It's just associated with too many bad thoughts and feelings inside. But to be indebted is often thought of as a condition of owing someone money or some favor. But it can also be the condition of feeling like owing gratitude to someone. In other words, indebtedness can be associated with a positive feeling and positive thoughts. What is wrong with owing goodness to somebody? Well, I I'll give this back because I owe this and I got to make sure I do it and I got to make sure that I don't, you know, get have a position where I don't owe people anymore. What is wrong with owing everybody? I want us to get that revelation today. What is wrong with that? It's a positive thing. We're just scared of owing because we don't want to owe. We want to live for ourselves. It's a selfishness is what it is. And in the light of this, I want to ask this question today. Did God feel indebted to help mankind? It's a it's a it's a really good question. Did he feel indebted? Because remember, man did not owe God. God did not owe man anything. He didn't. And I got a quote coming for this. But did God feel indebted anyways? Isn't this a paradox? When Adam and Eve fell, did God have a sense of responsibility to them? Was it really God's responsibility at that point? Did God feel in debt to Adam and Eve? What happened? I believe God felt a special kind of indebtedness to Adam and Eve. And not only to Adam and Eve, but to all mankind because they're all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, kind of like in a cage. And that's why God comes to every person and gives them a chance because he he cares about them. The Bible says he has no pleasure in the death of the wicked. And I believe that God's in in that feeling of indebtedness that come from a heart of love. Romans 5:6. And I'm sorry there's going to be a lot of scriptures, but I just want you to kind of catch the spirit of everything. You can always go back and study later. For when we were yet without strength in due time, Christ died for the ungodly. For scarcely for a righteous man will one die, yet perventure for a good man, some would even dare to die. But God commended his love towards us, that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. That's love. 1 Peter 2:24, who who his own self bear our sins in his own body on the tree, that we being dead to sins should live unto righteousness. Right there it is. He bare our sins on the cross and now we should live indebtedly not to ourselves, not to our righteousness, not to how we see how a Christian should be, but to truly unto the word the righteousness of God. We become in debt when we receive his grace. Galatians 1:4, "Who gave himself for our sins that he might deliver us from this present evil world according to the will of God our father." He gave himself for our sins that he might deliver us from this present evil world. Thank God. I'll tell you, there should never be an issue with a Christian coming to church and praising God. Amen. Should never be an issue. I'll tell you, if a person has a problem coming to church and worshiping God, he is so much in his flesh, something is wrong. He's worthy of all praise. He's even worthy of the praise of a hypocrite. He's worthy of the of the stones crying out. He's worthy. Worthy is the lamb. When we get to heaven, there won't be a little group say, "Oh, God, you don't understand. I just had a bad day." All heaven and earth has got a revelation of Jehovah Gyra. I think that's what we need. We need a revelation of who he is, not a revelation of our problems. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son the power of living in indebtedness. Because God felt an indebtedness. He prophesied there in Genesis that he was going to come and take care of the problem at Calvary. That's what it that's the power that comes from indebtedness. There's no power in living for yourself. This power, it caused God to leave the ramparts of glory to come down to save man. God became man that man could become God. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love where he wherewith he loved us even when we were dead in sins have quickened us together with Christ. By grace you're saved and have raised us up together. Now that is his love, his indebtedness that has caused us to raise us up to be with him. As the man says, it takes the bigger man to get underneath the other man and bring him up. Anybody can sit there and say, "I'm better than you or you shouldn't do this or that's bad." But who's living for others? You don't that's that's a rare that's a rarity even in the Christian world. It really is. You got a lot of professors in the Christian world, but you don't have people that are literally living for others. Hebrews 2:9 says, "But we see Jesus who was made a little lower than the angels." Just talking about God's indebtedness for the suffering of death crowned with glory and honor that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man. He tasted death for every one of us so we didn't have to be eternally separated from him. in the message victory day. Brother Ram says, "Heavenly Father," in his prayer, "we are grateful and I, Lord, am so in debt to you. There's no way that I could ever pay the debt of my sin. I was in a cell one day because I was born in that cell. I known what freedom meant and that the price was so great, I couldn't pay it. But I'm so glad that the day you visit my cell and I recognized it, that it was the only one that could pardon, the only one that I could that could I'm sorry, the only one I could ever be free and have the victory, a complete victory was to accept the pardon that you had signed for me. And today I'm totally and today I am set free. God set us free. Now, what are we going to do with that freedom? Think about this. If you take the freedom that God has given you and you live for yourself, you're nothing but a robber and a thief. Now, I want you to take a look at the years that you've been living because that proves pretty much what you think about what God did for you. Come on now. God deserves our life. Just in the just common sense, basic thinking, nononsense, reasonable, God paid, he paid the price so we could have eternal life. The least we should do is be able to give him 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90 years of our life, whatever it is. Philippians 2:6, who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. Being found in the fashion as a man, he humbled himself and he became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Now, God did that for us. Amen. You know, I this is so profound to me. Can you imagine just spending weeks, months, years building something with your own hands? given it to somebody. Do it again. Give it to somebody. Give it Do it again. Give it to somebody and they don't appreciate it enough to even take care of it. And here God created man, created the earth, created everything. Turned it to be a big mess. But he came down and humbled himself and took the took your place at Calvary, right? I I think people don't get a revelation really of what that really means to them. They lost a vision of Calvary. You know what I'm saying? They look at God as some Santa Claus, some some Christmas gift. Here it is. You got eternal life. Now go on with your life. Jesus gives this one parable in Matthew 13:44. or it's just one verse long again. The kingdom of heaven is like unto a treasure hid in a field. The which when a man hath found it, he hid it. He hideth it. He hideth and for joy thereof goeth and sell all that he hath and he buyth the field. God gave all he had. to buy us. There was nothing greater that God could do. And Jesus, I believe, expressing this in uh we could see this, but recorded in Hebrews 12:2, looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross. See, he had joy. He had joy. Sometimes we don't have any joy living for others. Oh, I got to do this. I got to do that. What's wrong? You're in the flesh now. Call it out. We ought to be so full of the joy of the Lord, we're just living for others. For the joy that was set before me endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God. Amen. Have we that have accepted Christ paying for our salvation? We belong to God. Now, if you've truly truly accepted Calvary, you belong to Christ. See, here's the thing. People want to take the word and say, "I believe Christ died for me." And then that's it. I'm claiming that and I want preaching that tells me I belong to that that Christ paid for my sins and I'm set free. And that's all they want to hear. Because they don't got enough realness inside of them. Say, "God, I want to love you." I want to love you and I want to prove my love to you. 1 Corinthians 6:19 says, "What know you not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you? which you have of God, and you are what? Not your own. That just seems to be like a figurement of our imagination sometimes. For you are bought with a price. Calvary bought you. Therefore, it's your responsibility to glorify God in your body and your spirit, which are gods. So, even though we're set free, we're still in debt to him. It's easy than one would think to ignore the fact that we which have been baptized belong to God. just to do our own thing, to want God to save and ignore Jesus being the Lord of our lives, to look God as taking care of our salvation and ignoring that he really wants to see our nature change. It's easy to fall into that mindset. In other words, if I if I go to church, I just I get my I I do what I got to do for the day and then I go forward and there's there's just like no concept of a real relationship with God. I'm just speaking the truth. We want God for what he can profit us. And that's how sometimes we treat people. We want we want people to help us. We want people in our life so they can help us, but we're not even interested in serving them. The full essence of Calvary can be forgotten. Second Peter 1:9. But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see far off and is forgotten that he was purged from his own sins. He that lackth these things, what things? the very nature and the virtues of Christ, faith, strength, knowledge, temperance, self-control, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, and agape love. He's that that's lacking these things is blind. He can't see very far off. It's just carnal flesh, whatever's happening in his life right now, and has forgotten what Calvary was all about. The scriptures exhort us to be diligent about adding these to our nature to have a mindset of you. You need to make sure that you're you're doing this. Don't let the world swallow you up in the things of the world. Get a relationship with Christ that you bring him in your home, you bring him in your bedroom, you you bring him in the living room, you bring him at work, you bring him in the car, you you you don't just play your favorite song to feel good. You play it because you want to be closer to God. Verse 10. Wherefore rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And that is what happens when you put a tape on. That is what happens when you come to church. An entrance is being ministered to you. It's not just church. It's God speaking. to your heart. That's why Jesus said, "He that has an ear to hear, let him hear." Because not all have ears. They only have an ear. They have they they have other ears. They have itching ears. They want to hear what they want to hear. They're itching for what they want to hear. Their type of ministry that makes them feel good. I'll tell you, feeling good does not get you into the nature of God. That's right. It's coming to the realization that you're ugly and you need Jesus Christ in your life. And I'll tell you, when you get God, your life is just so full of love. You can be slapped in the face and talked about and everything. You still love them because you got the goods. It's no peacock feather in you. The real deal. In the message, who is God? Brother Ram says, I like the attitude of this centurion. Everybody remembers the centurion that we just read of. He was a man that felt unworthy. Right? There's the key right there. He felt unworthy. Not just knowledge. Oh yeah, I'm unworthy. He felt it. He felt unworthy. I if if you watch somebody get hurt, and I mean they got hurt bad. Everybody's watched a football game, right? And they just get plowed. Something happened is he's laying there and he's down and the medics come out and the cart comes out and he's laying there. He's going like this. You can tell he feels hurt. It's real. Amen. You don't ever see anybody halfway down the running them off the field get off the cart and start going like this. Hey, I was just kidding. When you feel unworthy, it is so obvious that everybody could see it. We're written epistles right of all men. This centurion felt unworthy. And as he says, as long as you're feeling unworthy of the blessing you're asking, you're pretty apt to get it. Right? That talks to me like a right mental attitude. Humility is part of that. that unworthiness. But when you get to a place where you think God just owes you, that's when you're mistaken. We're in debt to God, not God in debt to us. We're indebted to God. Living in indebtedness, living in indebtedness. Now, we know the Bible commands us to no owe no man anything. And if we've borrowed anything, we should pay it back. That's just scripture. If you say, "Can I borrow a cup of sugar from you?" I promise I will give you a cup of sugar back. You better give that cup of sugar back. But along with that thought process of paying back what you borrowed, there's also paying back to the things that have been given to you even though you didn't ask for them. The scripture tells us about tribute to whom tribute's due. Honor to whom honor is due. I'll say like this. A smile to whom a smile is due. Amen. Respect to whom respect is due. Reverence to whom reverence is due. We owe. I mean, you go to the store and there's two people coming up to the gas station. You're ready to walk in and one opens the door for you. You don't say, "Yeah, whatever." You express a thankfulness of some sort. That's just natural and carnal. But you know, the thing is there are so many blessings that are happening to us constantly. God is blessing us through so many people in so many ways. God has done so much for us and we don't want to take time to be thankful for him, to feel in debt to anybody. Oh, that's just Brother John. That's just the way he is. That's just the pastor's job. We're missing it. We need to live an indebted life. And I'll tell you this, we need to live in a power of indebtedness. Amen. Because there's power in that that nothing can stand before you. You know, you know God is with you. You're not afraid of anything. You're not scared of anything because you've given your all to God. You're not afraid to lay down your life. You're not afraid to turn your cheek. You're not afraid to go to second mouth. You're just not afraid of living for others because you trust God. He'll take care of you. Amen. If he hasn't proved to be God in your life yet, then you need to humble yourself and get serious because that thing needs to be settled like a long time ago. And along with that command, owe no man anything. We must pay above and beyond what we think we owe. Like if somebody asked you to do something, you should do that and more. Did you know that scripture? If someone hurt you, you should turn the other cheek. You should forgive others when they don't even ask for it. This is what I'm saying. Giving when you they don't they don't even ask for it. It's just a command. This is what it means to live indebted unto God. This is what it means. It's the manifestation of it. There is a power in living an indebted life. Jesus said, "And forgive us our debtor our debts as we forgive others. But if you forgive not men their trespass, neither will your father forgive your trespasses." So we, you know, we get hurt by somebody. You know what we do? We just ignore them. We ignore them. We ignore them. Can't find a scripture for it, but we'll still do it. I know why Jesus said that in there. It's to help people with that attitude to remind them. The only reason that we've been forgiven is because we made a decision at the beginning. God, I confess all my sins. I'm sorry. I want to serve you. I love you. From this point forward, I I'll repent. I'll get baptized and I'll serve you. And you know, at that moment, you're as white as snow. But what happens after that is the same thing that happens to the children of Israel when they came out of Egypt. You now get into put into a test. We're going to prove how much you really are sorry. We're going to prove how sorry you are. Were you sorry enough to live for me? To to take my word as your road map from earth to glory and to start living the things that I've asked you to do. If you love me, keep my commandments. And if you don't want to, go find a denomination. Yes. Because God is calling a people out of this message that will believe the message. Not sit in the comfort of we know God said a prophet. We got to live the message. It's not about you being in the message. It's the message manifested in you. And you know what? You don't have to tell anybody. You don't have to tell anybody. We all see when we learn to live indebted. Listen to me. We live with the power that we don't have. People who like stingy, selfish, got my own life. I'm not going to do that for I'm not. You know, you can't hardly ask them to do things. You got to be clever about who you're going to ask to do what. And and it's like where is that soldier? Where's that centurion? I say to him come and he comes and go and he goes and I believe the same thing you do Lord. Whatever you say is going to happen. We need to live with the power of indebtedness which is living for others. First and foremost getting souls saved. Second, those souls who are saved, get them to what it means to have a nature change because they obviously don't know. It's not just about being saved. We're we're also called to help the bride. We're called to help the bride to the nature change. No, the foolish virgin don't get there. They don't. They they they have the ability to be faithful. They have the ability to do certain things, but they they they they don't get the nature change. But we that live, who truly truly truly have been purchased by God and know it and live it, they are the ones helping the weak. They that are strong bear the infirmities of the weak. Now, without the power, I'll say this, mark this down. Without the power of indebtedness, we will live a selfish life because it takes power to not live a selfish life. And you can I guess you could work up some momentum to give your body to be burned at one time. But I mean to to to I'll just I'll quote the scripture. Um I got it written down here, but I'm going to just I'll find it. It's on my tip of my tongue. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. Anybody can just whoop up enough energy to make it to church, but just try living for God every day. Brother Brandham said, "It's a hard, rugged life. Living for God, winning souls for Jesus Christ every day." All right. Turn with me to Luke 7:36. You'll be bear with me if this just takes a few minutes longer, right? Today, I trust. And those of of of you that that don't, just please don't tell me. Just don't tell me afterwards. Okay? I so bad want you to leave here. Obviously, if you're living if you live totally for for others, you're living for God, well then you're just as happy as can be right now. And and if you're if you're struggling with this message, it's like hard. I'm telling you, it's God's will. It's still God's will. Our our lives need to become more indebted to God. Luke 7:36. And one of the Pharisees desiring Jesus that he would eat with him. And Jesus went into the Pharisees house and sat down to meet. And behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, just make that clear. When she knew that Jesus sat at me in the Pharisees house brought an alabaster box of ointment, and stood at the feet behind him, notice the the humility there, weeping, began to wash his feet with her with tears, and did wipe them with the hairs of her head, and did kiss his feet and anoint them with an ointment. Now this to me is the manifestation of indebtedness. This is the manifestation of indebtedness. There is such a power in this. Now honestly the um the Pharisee who was very very religious as we know he even knew she was a sinner but he had no power. This woman had more power to move God than he did. Think about that indebted. There's such power in indebtedness. Amen. And this indebtedness that it was generated from a heart of of of gratitude and and and and uh just love. And now when the Pharisee which had bid him saw it, he spoke within himself. You know, we're all speaking within oursel. When we don't say amen to the word, you know what we're doing? We're speaking with our within oursel while Jesus is here speaking to us. Amen. This man, if he were a prophet, he would have known who and what manner of woman this is that touched him. For she is a sinner. How many times have you come for prayer and you're thinking, "God knows what's on my heart and I need that minister to tell me exactly what's going on." And if he does, then I know that I know that he's going to he he he he's going to be right with me. He's going to give me what I need in his prayer. How many times have we ever thought that? But you know, God don't need to do that to speak to you. See, what we need is faith. We don't need to understand anything. There's nothing in the Bible that says, "Do you understand?" You need to understand it. No. Need lean not to your own understanding, but believe it. Just believe. Amen. And God puts it in such a way that it's hard to believe. The understanding, the the all these things kind of lining up to make us feel like it. That is that is not faith. That's humanity. And Jesus answering said unto him, Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And he said, Master Son, there was a certain creditor which had two debtors. The one owed 500 pence and the other 50. Quite a big difference there. And when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. No respector of persons. Tell me therefore which of them will ha will love him the most. Now notice sometimes we'll have a tendency of forgiven will will will forgive somebody some some for we'll forgive somebody something if it wasn't that big a deal. But if they did a big deal, you'll hold it against them forever, right? Not Jesus. Not Jesus. He frankly forgave them both. Tell me, therefore, which of them will love him most? That's a good question. Jesus wants to know about the deepness of of love here. He he he's he's not interested that we love God. He's interested how much we love God. We all love God enough to come to church today. Do we love God enough to go home and live for him? He's interested. He's interested in that. And Simon answered and said, "I suppose that he to whom he forgave the most." And he said unto him, "Thou has rightly judged." Her indebtedness was generated from a love of forgiveness. So we can see there's power with living with indebtedness. She felt indebted to him. And this one that owed 500 p, he was more indebted to God than the 50. So you see the very key of just being needy is the answer to get more power from God. The more we stand around and say, "I'm something pretty good. Look at this bad person in there and look what's happening in the church and they shouldn't be doing that. You know what you're doing? You're showing you ain't got anything. That's what you're showing. Like you're showing that you haven't been forgiven much. So you don't love much. But when you know you've been forgiven much, you just want to lay down your life and you want to keep helping people over and over, one after the other, and you just keep going because it's real to you. You can't find out in Jesus's ministry anywhere. He just stopped and said, "You know what? I'm going to stop living for people. I'm going to take a vacation. I need to get away from this church. Got to get away from this message. It's got to get [Music] away. Embrace. I need you, Lord." Right? Embrace. I am so needy of you, Lord. I need to be forgiven of this and this and this and this and this and this and I got this and this. God, help me. Help me. Help me to feel in debt to you, Lord. That I can walk in the power of indebtedness because you're not getting away from it. You're not getting away from indebtedness. It's all around you. Every time you wake up, you're indebted. Every time you breathe in air, you're indebted to God. Every time you you got food to eat, you're indebted to God. Air to breathe. The sun is shining. Someone sends you gives you a call, sends you a text, and says, "I'm thinking about you. I'm praying for you." They have a brother and sister in Christ. You're in debt. You're in debt. You're constantly in debt. The thing is, you got to remember, keep focused on that. You you you Satan wants to get you so selfish. The only thing you think about is yourself an entitlement. You owe me. You owe me. Everybody owes me. I've had it so hard in life. Everybody I deserve a better. You don't deserve anything. You're lucky you got what you got. It's your attitude that's putting you in the way. Too many believers are not thankful enough. One of the traits in this age is unthankfulness. Instead of being thankful, they're despisers of those that are good. Despise them somehow. Say something. Got to say something somewhere. Because inside, instead of being thankful for that person, they despise them inside and eventually comes out. Instead of living for others, men are lovers of their own self. The opposite. Selfish entitlement. covetous, bolsters, proud. Jesus said, "Because people's iniquities growing more and more, the love of many should wax cold in this age." We see the spirit of traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereofh from such turn away, having a form of godliness. There's no power in a form because there's no indebtedness. I'll just fake it. I'm a Christian and I make sure I put my best booties on. Reason there's no power in a form of godliness because there's no Holy Ghost. But the reason Holy Ghost comes when you truly truly feel indebted. Amen. You're indebted. You live in an indebted state. Every his mercies are new every morning. He didn't sign a thing and say, "You know what? I since you got baptized, from this day forward, you got mercies every day no matter what you do." There's no scripture for that. There isn't any. You got to get down on your knees and you got to say, "God, forgive me." If my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and call on me, then I will hear from heaven. We have a job to do every day, and that's to live an indebted life to God. Amen. Verse 44. And he turned to the woman and said unto Simon, "Seeest thou this what uh seeest thou this? Am I in the right place?" Good. Thank you. See, I need help up here. It's not a oneman show up here. You can forget where you're at. And he turned to the woman and said unto Simon, "Seeest thou this woman. I've entered into thine house. This is your house, not hers. Thou gavest me no water for my feet, but she have washed my feet with her tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head. Thou gavest me no kiss, but this woman since the time I came in, have not ceased to kiss my feet, my head with oil. Thou didest anoint, but this woman have anointed my feet with ointment. Wherefore I say unto you, Simon, her sins, which are many are forgiven, for she loveth much. I don't want to say this directly to you, Simon, but to whom little is forgiven, the same loveth little. See how he spoke the word with grace. I'll sit here and just judge everybody else in the church, you know, because I got a pretty good understanding the way they act. And God's looking at you and say, "Won't you love? You're not loving because you're not forgiven." Oh, I'm forgiven. How can you be forgiven and act like that? Because when you are forgiven, you that means you have forgiven others. because if you don't forgive others, God ain't going to forgive you. So, you can't say [Music] it. And he said unto her, "Thy sins are forgiven." And they that sat at me with him began to say within themselves, "Who is he that forgiveth sins also?" And he said unto the woman, "Thy faith have saved thee. Go in peace." Boy, time, you know, it goes by fast. Don't stand still. I wish we had What do we need? We need those two guys that were with. We need Joshua and Caleb. We We need somebody to make the sun stand still. Who did that? That's what we need right now for a little bit. I have to pass on some things here. Paul life was a life that at one time he didn't feel he owed anybody anything. There was no indebtedness. He was taught by the best. He acted like he was the best. He was a Pharisee of the Pharisee, a Hebrew of the Hebrews. He had everything and nobody could touch him. He was blameless. But it wasn't until he came in contact with a real experience with Jesus Christ. And it wasn't a person, excuse me, it wasn't a human, it was the spirit of God. Amen. And when he had that experience, he realized he had to give up everything to gain him. And he became so indebted to God the rest of his life. He lived indebted. He never walked around, oh, I've attained. I've apprehended. I'm better than so and so. I'm good enough to be here. You're not good enough to be here. There is nothing like that. He kept pressing towards the mark. Amen. He saw there was something more in his life that needed to be like Jesus and he focused on that. He forgot about the things which were behind and he pressed forward. We don't got time, but if you want to write it down, you can go to 2 Corinthians chapter 11 and you'll find out there that Paul withtood so much suffering to prove his indebtedness to living for God. No matter how much he was whipped, shipwreck, anything that happened, you know what? He got up the next day and he lived for Jesus Christ. He didn't say, "Well, I'm going to pout around him. I'm not going to go to church. I'm not going to do this. I don't feel like doing that. I'm not going to do this at home. I'm He didn't have that kind of that what I call carnal attitude, carnal Christianity, which I they don't even mix. It's they don't even mix. You can't be carnal and Christlike at the same time, right? But there's a real life. There's examples in the Bible. Here's another one. You write it down. Romans 12:14. We won't get examples of living in indebtedness. For the love of Christ constrainth us because we thus judge that if one died for all, then we're all dead. We're all dead. and that we and that he died for all that we which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him that died for them and rose again. Amen. We're living for God. Hebrews 1, uh, not Hebrews, but 1 John 3:16 says, "Hereby perceive we the love of God." Let's just just get a good understanding of the love of God. Because I don't think people really got a good understand love of God. They'll say, "God loves me." And they stop there. Because he laid down his life for us, we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. And when we look at this word ought, often we have this conception of, you know, this is the right thing to do, but we got an option. We really don't have to do it. Is that true? I mean, that's how it's often looked at. But if you look up that word in this verse, it means to owe. And if we uh we we owe our life to be laid down for our brethren. It means to be under obligation, must, need. It's our duty. We're bound to. It also uses this word debt. We're in debt to our brothers. If you truly truly accepted Christ to be your personal savior, we need to get back on track of living for others. We ought to lay down our lives for others. Brother Brandham said in the message, I know it's not something like exciting, but I'll tell you, if you belong to Christ, something inside of you is saying, "Amen. It's the truth." Brother Brandham said in message forsaking all says, "But I want to say this, too. Hurry up as quick as I can." That's me. I should me too. God will not in no wise be in debt to any man. God won't be debted to any man. If you have did that for God, forsake and all, God will repay you a thousandfold. And just think about this. He doesn't give you one fold. A thousand, right? God will be God will pay it back. Excuse me. Excuse me very much. You forsake the things of the world and the world and the things of the world and God will repay you so many times. How many is a witness of that here tonight? He says, well, we all know that God will repay. And I just want a scripture for that. That's Luke chapter 18 verse 28. Then Peter said, lo, we have all left. We have left all and followed thee. And Jesus said unto them, verily I say unto you, there is no man that have left houses or parents or brethren or wife or children for the kingdom of God's sake, who shall not receive manifold more in this present time and in the world and the world to come life everlasting. In other words, God does not owe any man. God does not owe any man. In fact, he does say the Bible does say we reap what we sow. We sow what he just said, forsake all, we're going to reap a lot. We choose to only forsake a little. Well, then we don't get the blessing. Are you with me? All right. Romans chapter 1. Romans chapter one. Just because I let a lot of this stuff go, it doesn't mean that I was done preaching. I just want to make make that real clear. I just let letting a lot of that go. Romans 1 verse Romans 1 verse14. I am a debtor both to the Greek Greeks and to the barbarians barbarians and to the wise and to the unwise. Who are you a debtor to? I got some friends and my my my my ones I feel close to and you know but I'm not really in debt to like the church, you know, my those that they got they got a problem with me. I'm not in debt to them. See where we're at? The word is right. The word is a is a is sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the sunder of the soul and the body and discerning of the thoughts and intents of the heart. This word tells us where we're staying with God. This word tells us where we're standing with God. He said, "I am a debtor both to the Greeks, to the barbarians, to the wise, and to the unwise." People don't like feeling in debt. No one liked it. But we're in debt. I remember some some of you have heard me say to you before on my first job I got with a man named Paul Hines and he gave me a chance to work for him and I said I work for a week for nothing. It went like 18 years. Every time I seen him I would thank him for that job he gave me. I still felt in debt to him. Now he probably made money off of me. I'm sure he did. But that didn't matter because I felt in debt to him. Amen. The men that work for me, they thank me for a check every week. Well, they thank me even without the check. They thank me. But I am the one that feels in debt to them because they chose to spend their life helping me. Come on. The people who fill our propane tank, I've told them many times how much I thankful for them. The people who pray for me, I'm thankful for them. I'm in debt to them. Look what this power can do for you. Is what makes you live for others. All right. Last last set of verses. Okay. Four more verses. Are you with me? Can you say amen? Amen. All right. Thank you. 1 Corinthians 9:19. 1 Corinthians 9:19. For though I be free from all men. Yep. Christ died for me. I'm free. Yet I through self-will, through self-will, free moral agency, I have made myself a servant unto all. That doesn't happen automatically when you're set free. You have to like deny the flesh, crucify the flesh. Get a revelation of what you should be doing with your life. I have made myself servant unto all. And what's the reason that you've done that, Paul? that I might gain the more. And I'm just going to skip down to verse 22. To the weak became I as weak that I might gain the weak. I am made all things to all men that I might by all means save some. What's your motive of having a friend? Why do you want to get together with somebody and hang out? What what are you doing with your life? Because if we belong to God, God has has us on a plan to help others. And there's such power in feeling indebted. Without that, you got to do that. Oh, I got to do that. I shouldn't have to do that. Let's stand together. God wants to fill us with that power of indebtedness. There's power that comes with it. Don't be afraid of it. How many times have we been told that perfect love casteth out all fear? In other words, don't be afraid of fear. Face it. Face it. Well, I don't think I have faith enough to face the fear. Have love in God. Have love in God. Because when you love God, that faith will just come. And I'll say it like this. Don't worry about feeling in debt to somebody. Everybody that you look at, you should feel in debt to. I'm tell if we don't get any revelation, get this because this is where I help you to grow to become more like the nature of Christ because without it, you just don't have a reason to. Amen. Amen. Let's sing uh I surrender all. Let's sing that. Maybe there'd be someone here today that just feels that I haven't surrendered everything I want to surrender. Maybe God's spoken to you and you want to do it. And if there's not, that's fine, too. But I want to give this opportunity today before we dismiss. All to Jesus I surrender all to him. I freely give. I will ever love and trust him in his presence daily live. Surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender humbly at his feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsaken take me Jesus take me now. I surrender all. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior. I surrender all. All to Jesus I surrender. Make me savior holy thine. Let me feel the holy spirit truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. I surrender all to thee. My blessed savior I surrender all. Oh to Jesus I surrender. Lord I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power. Let thy blessings fall. Amen. And if we could just go ahead and bow our heads for just a moment before you can continue playing that. But if we pull that that verse back up there. Oh to Jesus I surrender. No, that last verse. I'm so sorry. Yeah. Make me savior, holy thine. No, the verse that we just sung, I just want to say maybe today with every head bowed, every eye closed, maybe there'd be someone here today, you know that you haven't surrendered everything. And that's okay. You can leave here. You can leave church today in that state. We're certainly not going to push or manipulate or make you even feel bad. But maybe there would be somebody here today that you really want that power and that love that God has for you by surrendering to him. You just say, "Brother John, would you remember me in prayer? I I I'm going to leave today dedicated to surrendering to Jesus." Just lift up your hand. I'm going to pray with you. I bless these hands. any others. Amen. What a very solemn, serious moment in the presence of almighty God. An intimate moment with Jesus Christ. Now, I just want you to believe. Jesus said, "Only believe." We heard the importance of believing last service. Only believe, but you must believe with all your heart. Amen. Heavenly Father, we bow before you in humble adoration with this this song in our heart. We're surrendering now to you, Lord. We're surrendering our life. We're surrendering our thoughts. We're surrendering our will. We're surrendering the things, Lord, that have have gotten in the way of living in the power that we desire to have that indebtedness and feeling free, happy, living for others. Lord, I pray for every hand that was raised. I pray for every heart and every desire in that heart. Lord, you see it. And I'm asking today in the name of Jesus Christ that you'd remove every power that would be trying to hold the people back from surrendering their life to you. Lord, you promised us blessings, manifold blessings in this life, in the life to come if we would just surrender all to you. And we come against every demonic spirit, every force, every power, every evil. We come against it in the almighty name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we command in your name, in your name, that your people be set free from everything that they may walk out of here with assurance in the simple faith that they have trusted you in this prayer and just surrendering through free more agency. Lord, that you would bless them now. Bless them. And when the temptation comes from anything, Lord, I pray that you would just remind them to take a stand for you and that may your great Holy Spirit come in the power and just give them great victory, Lord, in that at that moment. We thank you for these things now. We commit our life to you, Lord. We trust you for all this. We humbly pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for doing this. What a wonderful God we serve. Amen. Amen. Let's paid. He uh paid uh singing that little chorus again. He paid a debt. He paid a debt. He paid a debt. He did not owe. I owed a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins [Music] away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never. Amen. Let's sing it one more time. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Are you thankful for that? Amen. And now you know what Jesus has done. He said, "Pick up your cross and follow me." Let's sing sing this with joy this time. Let's sing uh must Jesus bear the cross alone. No, we have a cross, too. Amen. Just think about this. Make love to Jesus as we sing this. Must it's an [Music] F. Must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free. No, there's a cross for everyone and there's a cross for me. Soed cross I'll bear till death shall set me free. and then go home. My crown to wear for there's a crown for me upon the crystal pavement down at Jesus pier feet. With joy I'll pass my golden crown and his dear name repeat. Oh preious cross, oh glorious crown, oh resurrection day. The angels from the stars come down and bear my soul away. That first verse again. Must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free. know there's a cross for everyone and there a cross for me. Thank you, Lord. Amen. How many's thankful for the cross? Amen. Amen. Amen. What a what honor it is to actually share that suffering with Christ. Amen. Amen. I think one thing to help us what Jesus had when he was on the cross for the joy that was set before him. And I think as we're going through our trials, we're bearing our cross. I think if we could keep our mind full of joy, full of joy, this is going to help somebody. And if nobody if you're not really involved in anybody, nobody sees it, but then you believe that somebody's going to see your life and see Christ in your life somehow. You've got to fill your heart with joy with what you're going through. Amen. Let's sing one more song. If we could sing, count your blessings. Name them one by one. Amen. I think that's another thing we can do to help remind us how blessed we really are. Amen. If he never did another thing for us. When upon life's pillows you are tempest toss. When you are discouraged thinking all is lost. Count your many blessings. Name them one by one. And it will surprise you what the Lord have done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God have done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God have done. Are you ever burdened with a load of care? Does the cross seem heavy? you are called to bear. Count your many blessings. Every doubt will fly. And you will be singing as the days go by. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God have done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God have done. When you look at others with their lands and gold, think that Christ has promised you his wealth untold. Count your many blessings money cannot buy. your reward in heaven nor your home on high. Count your blessings, name them one by one. Count your blessings, see what God have done. Count your blessings, name them one by one. Count your many blessings, see what God have done. Though amid the conflict whether great or small, do not be discouraged. God is over all. Count your many blessing. Angels will attend and give you to your jouries. And I believe that. Count your blessings. See what come by one. Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God have done. Amen. Praise the Lord. May you leave count your blessings. May you leave counting your blessings. At the end of the day, wouldn't this be awesome? At the end of the day, get on the testimony, send the light testimony thread, and say, "I counted more blessings today than I've ever counted." Or, "I counted 832 blessings today in my life." What a testimony. And I I believe with all my heart you will feel better than if you didn't do it just if we could take time to remember all that God has done for us. Amen. Going to ask our brother Mike Helms if you would just to close the service in a word of prayer today.
