################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-21 - 9.21.25 - Fourth Man In The Fire - Mark Cosby - Mark Cosby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-21
Title:    9.21.25 - Fourth Man In The Fire - Mark Cosby
Speaker:  Mark Cosby
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9djcLRvnWo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Come let us adore in Christ the Lord. We'll praise his name forever. Ever we'll praise his name forever. We'll praise his name forever. Christ the Lord. Hallelujah. We'll give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the glory. Glory Christ the Lord for he alone is worthy for he alone is worthy for he alone is worth the Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore in Christ the Lord. We'll praise his name forever. We'll praise his name forever. will praise his name forever. Christ the Lord will give him all the gloryy will give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the gloryy in Christ the Lord. Amen. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. Christ the Lord. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. For he alone is worthy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We are here because of him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We have eternal life because of him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We have life because of him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, I greet you once again in his precious name this morning for Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Orlando, can you just open us with a word of prayer this morning? Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Heavenly Father, Amen. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you. adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Yes, you Lord. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Amen. He's all I need. Amen. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. My Jesus is all I need. Hallelujah. I know whom I have believeth. Amen. I know not what wondrous grace to me he hath made known, nor why unworthy Christ in love redeemed me for his own. But I know whom I have believeth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how this saving faith to me he did in part, nor how believing in his word wroth peace within my heart. But I know whom I have believeth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know now how the spirit moves, convincing men of sin, revealing Jesus through the word, creating faith in him. But I know whom I have believeth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not what good or ill may be reserved for me. of weery ways or golden days before his face I see. But I know my hand believeth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not when my Lord may come at night or noon day fair, nor if I'll walk the veil with him or meet him in the air. But I know my belieth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. But I know whom I have believeth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's able. &gt;&gt; We just have to commit it to him. Amen. I've got a revelation. I pray you got a revelation this morning. I've got a revelation, a predestination. I got a revelation. God's my father. I know where I came from. Tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell can never prevail against it. I got a revelation a predestination. I got a revelation. God my father. I know where I'm going. tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell can never prevail again. Say one more time. I got a revelation, a predestination. I got a revelation. God's my father. I know where I came from. Tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell can never prevail against it. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I pray you got a revelation this morning. &gt;&gt; Because if you don't have a revelation, you haven't met God. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He's the giver of revelation. And I pray this morning that you got a revelation that the time is near &gt;&gt; and you're looking for us coming. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, there's no prayer request which I guess everything's okay. But you know what they say when everything say okay look up your redemption draws nigh. So amen. Let's just remember all the souls that were there at the uh service yesterday for brother Ruth. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh many I believe need the Lord. We all need the Lord. Um I don't know whether walk but the many things were said that I pray goes to their heart they realize um we all have a day and you know we sing the song you know um we need to we need to uh cherish the days that we have ahead or we don't know when our last one will be and we don't want to be found wanting. You know, we need to have Christ in our hearts and alive and well inside of us. Amen. Let's just stand this morning. Let's just uh we pray that you just uh lift up everybody that's around you this morning. Why don't you just shake their hand this morning and just uh say hello to them and say, you know, I mean, I believe there's going to be a great meeting in the air and one day we'll be going around and shaking everybody's hands, past, present. What a blessing it'll be to shake Paul's hand, some of the other disciples. Amen. Thank you, brother. And uh so, praise the Lord. We need to get familiar with one another. We shouldn't be strangers in the house of God. So, as we go this morning, we just in prayer, let's just remember all those that are still suffering from cancer. Brother Bill, Sister Elizabeth, all those that might have a a friend of ours. His name is Shawn. He's been battling it for quite a while. Is it isn't the battle isn't over until it's over. &gt;&gt; And it's just the same way in the flesh as it is in the spirit, right? We have to press on. So, let's just go to the Lord this morning. Boy, remember all the missionaries throughout the world. remember our brother Mark as he would bring the words of life to us this morning and just pray a personal prayer that God would just give you revelation this morning. &gt;&gt; Let's just go in one accord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you this morning, Lord, Lord, with so many things in our hearts, Lord, but we're so thankful, Lord, that you came down one day and Lord, and you called us, Lord, for for you first loved us, Lord, that we might have an opportunity to love you, Lord. We're so thankful for that, Lord God. And as we come before you this morning, Lord God, Lord, we pray for revelation, Lord. We pray, Lord God, that you would just come down in your way, Lord, that you would just speak to our heart through the word this morning, Lord. That you would use our brother as an instrument of a tool in your hand, Lord, this morning, Lord. That he could just set his his self aside, Lord, and just let you work through him, Lord God. Lord, for it's your glory, Lord. It's for you, Lord. You've we've redeemed this time together, Lord. And we just pray, Lord God, that you would just come down. Bless all those that are suffering this morning, Lord. We pray that you would just be with our sister Donna. Lord, not only today, but for for for Lord, many days to come, many years to come. Lord, may you soo her soul, Lord God. Lord, and as we come, Lord, this morning, Lord God, we we pray that you just bless all those that are live streaming this morning. May may they entered into the service as they were just here in front of us, Lord God. May they raise their hands with worship and praise you this morning, Lord, for your glory alone. In Jesus' name, we pray these things. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. &gt;&gt; Allelujah. I've been redeemed. Amen. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified I am. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. You can talk about me any way that you please. You can talk about me, any way that you please. You can talk about me any way that you please. I'll talk about you down on my knees. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. And that's not all. There's more beside. And that's not all. There's more beside. And that's not all. There's more beside. Been to the water and been baptized. All my sins are running a blood, but I've been redeemed. And you've got love. And you want more. How many wants more love? And you got love. And you want more. And if you love and you want more, shout hallelujah. Praise the Lord. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I've been redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Saved and sanctified I am. All my sins are under the blood. I've been redeemed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You've been redeemed. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If you've been redeemed, we know where you're going. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's a blessing to be say, I've been redeemed. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if we've been redeemed, one day we'll fly away. Amen. Hallelujah. How many's looking for that day? &gt;&gt; Amen. One glad morning when the sun for I fly away to all on God's celestial shore. How fly away. Are you determined? Oh wow. Fly away. Oh glory. Fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. I'll fly away. In the shadow of this life has grown up. Fly away [Music] like a bird from prison. Mars have flown. How fly away. Oh fly away. How fly away. Oh glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away to a land where joys will never end. I'll fly away. Oh wow. Fly away. Oh glory. I'll fly away. Oh, fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Halleluah. By and by, I'll fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away. Amen. Let's stand this morning. Through all joys will never end. Hallelujah. Fly away. Oh, fly away. I'll fly away, oh glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother John. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, &gt;&gt; Ron. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in a place where God wants to be worshiped. &gt;&gt; God wants to be praised. Amen. To forget about everything and just focus on the Lord. &gt;&gt; And whatever you give to the Lord in that respect of your heart, your mind, your thoughts, um God just gives it back. God gives you more joy, more peace, more love, more healing. Uh God is a God of love. He loves us and uh he loves to be worshiped. Believe he's pleased this morning. Amen. Um we want to welcome our our our visitor Chelsea with us in the back. God bless you and your daughter. Um may you feel the love of God is our sincere prayer and that you're blessed today and um that you come back. Of course. Amen. Um from what I understand she had uh found us online a little bit. Don't know if you've seen any of the services. No. Okay. All right. Well, please feel welcomed here. You certainly are welcomed here. Amen. Um, I just wanted to put a little request in for Jeff was the funeral director and he asked us to keep uh his wife in prayer. Um, there are some decisions that have to be made there and I just want us if we could as a body to remember that he they were very good to us and uh we just uh we just appreciate all that they did. And I want to say thank you to everyone number one that came, that prayed, that supported, that labored, that worked. Um, God bless you. And God is not forgetful to forget our labor of love that he we have shown towards the saints. Amen. Amen. Uh, well, we didn't know that Brother Mark was going to be here for Sunday. So when we were sitting down next to him eating um we found out that he was and we wanted to take advantage of that opportunity while I was here. So we're looking forward to that. Amen. Before we uh sing only believe, let's just look to the Lord in a word of prayer and just ask God's blessing on the offering today. Amen. and our heavenly father. Lord, we thank you that we have this place to gather in and for Lord all that it is. And Lord, as we look to you now, we just ask you to bless the offering as we take it up. Lord, we're praying that you would bless each brother, each sister, each family, each young person, each one that gives to you, Lord, knowing that you always give, you multiply it back when you give it back somehow. And I pray that you would bless the giver, Lord, as they give today for you. Lord, we thank you for these things now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing Only Believe as Brother Mark comes to give us the word of life. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible. Holy believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, you shoot down today. All things are possible. Lord, I believe Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Oh, Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. I'm so thankful that he hears this morning. He hears your prayers. He hears your cries. He even hears the secret things in your heart. So, I'm so thankful that we have a a friend that stick is closer than a brother and um so thankful to be in the presence of family. &gt;&gt; Always love to be with you guys. Um miss you guys. Praying for you guys. And so, let's go in a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we just thank you for this precious moment, Lord, this precious opportunity, Lord. There's no other place we'd rather be in in your house, Lord. This Lord, we've come here to hear from you, Lord. The prophet said that we we come to hear to see where we're at with you, Lord. And Lord, if you just speak only one word to us, Lord, it'll be worth it all, Lord, us waking up in the morning and making it here, Lord. Please just just soften our hearts, Lord. Deal with us as you deal with sons and daughters of God. Lord, may you open the windows of heaven, Lord, and pour down revelation upon us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Give us ears to hear. circumcise our heart, our lips, Lord, that we may be put into service for you, Lord. Father, may you just take over, Lord. May you have your preeminence. May you have your way, Lord. Move your unworthy servant out the way that people may hear from you, almighty God. &gt;&gt; We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; I just want to say uh it was a wonderful time at the celebration of life yesterday. &gt;&gt; I thought brother John did a wonderful job &gt;&gt; and we're thankful for that. and uh um just keep living on. We got to keep pressing. It's like brother Bruce says, like brother Brand, we got to keep pressing on because there's still work to do. We're still here for a reason and a purpose. So, if we could um we'll turn to our Bibles and we'll read um Daniel chapter 3 and we'll read verses 8 through 19 and then I'll have you be seated. Say amen when you get there. I love to hear the turning of pages. I I I've realized it's just not the same when you you read a Bible in your app or a phone. It's just to me I love when it just fits in your hand. You just turn the pages and you see the red letters. It just I don't know. It just it's different. I'm not saying you can't use your phone, but I'm saying to me, I just love &gt;&gt; having that that old Bible just in my hand. &gt;&gt; Let's go to um we'll go to verse chapter 3:8. So chapter 3:8. Wherefore at a certain time the Chaldans came near and accused the Jews. Very familiar story here. They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, "Oh king, live forever. Thou, oh king, has made a decree that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, the flute, the heart, the sackbutt, the pulry, and the doulamer, and all kinds of music shall fall down and worship the golden image. And who so fall not down in worship that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace?" There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. These men, O king, have not regarded thee. They serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up. Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. Then they brought these men before the king. Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, "Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo, do you not serve my gods, nor worship uh the golden image which I have set up? Now, if you be ready that at that time, what time you hear the sound of the coronet, flute, heart, sack, butt, pulry, and the doulamer, and all kinds of music, you fall down and worship the image which I have made well. But if you worship not, you shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning furnace. And who who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands? Shar, Mesha, Abednego answered and said to the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning firing furnace, he will deliver us out of thy hand, O king. But if not, be it known thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image thou set up." And then verse 19, um, we're going to take our, uh, this, we're going to get our other thought from. Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his vishus was changed against him, Shad, Meshach, and Abednego. And he began to command them that they should heat the furnace seven times more than it was heated. Let's keep going. And he commanded the mighty men that they were in his army to bind Sher, Meshach, and Abedneo. Then we'll go to verse um, let's go to verse 22. Therefore, because the king's command was urgent in the furnace exceedingly hot, the flame, the fire slew those men that took up Shad, Meshach, and Abednego, and these three men, Shar, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down into the midst of the burning furnace. They then Nebuchadnezzar men into the midst of the f of the fire. They answered and said, "Thou king, true, O king." And then, I'm sorry, verse 25 is what I'm going to take our thought from. And he answered and said, "Lo, I see the fourth I see four men walking in the midst of the fire. They have no hurt. The form of the fourth is like the son of God. You may take your seats. So the title of the sermon is the fourth man in the fire. &gt;&gt; So I I got this thought last year and I didn't had a chance to minister it and it stuck with me ever since and um and I felt uh the Lord just I felt put on my heart to minister today. And so I I want us to notice this um little backstory that we know that the children, these three Hebrew children, they weren't in Babylon by choice. So they they didn't choose this situation to be in by choice. In fact, the children of Israel, they they they became backsliden. So if we go to Jeremiah, let's go to Jeremiah 25. We'll just get a little a tiny little backstory, read a couple verses here of why they're in the situation that they're in. So we go to Jeremiah 25:es 8-11 and it says in verse 8 um therefore thus sayith the Lord of hosts because ye have not heard my words behold I will send and take all the families of the north sayeth the Lord and Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon my servant will bring them against this land and against inhabitants therefore and against all these nations round about and will utterly destroy them and make them astonishment and hissing and perpetual desolations. Moreover, I will take from them the voice of myth, and of the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the um bride, and the sound of the milestones and light of canos, and the whole land shall be a desolation and astonishment, and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon 70 years. So, we we we realize the backstory that they did not choose to be in this predicament. They did not choose to be in uh idol around them and other means. And so, but I love that they didn't complain. So, they could have said, "Lord, why are you put me in situation? I didn't do anything. I'm I'm faithful." But what they did was they said, "I don't care what you do to us, king. I'm going to serve you no matter what." And he says, "If God doesn't deliver me, I'm still not going to bow down to you." So, I love that kind of that bulldog faith &gt;&gt; because they didn't know necessarily what's going to happen, but they had faith. They had eyes of faith to believe that I'm going to get out the situation because I'm serving the living God. and they had a personal experience with God. &gt;&gt; And so, let's let's read a quote from the prophet. He let the the Hebrew children walk right into the fiery furnace. But there was a fourth man standing there with a fan, keeping it off of them. He is always there. So, I can say tonight that that fourth man is in your life too as well. He is always there. No matter where you go, no matter what you're doing, that fourth man is right there in your fire. So, you may be going through a tough time right now, difficult situations. It may feel like you're going into a fiery furnace. But I'll tell you this, that fourth man is with you right now. Jesus Christ is with you right now, fanning the fire off, giving you the courage you need, the strength that you need. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's keep that going. So, he says he never leaves. I love that. He He He promised he would never leave you. He's always near. The angel of the Lord encampeth about those who fear him. So, I love that. So fear is the reverence and respect that we have towards God. &gt;&gt; There was three there was the the Hebrew children who wouldn't bow down to the images of King Nebuchadnezzar and they throwed them into a fiery furnace and they spoke to the rock. The fourth man was standing in the fiery furnace there. The rock of ages. Hallelujah. David said if I make my bed in hell he will be there if I take the wings of the morning and I'll fly away. Um, so they was acting upon the word of God when performed a mighty miracle and sent forth a man down among them like that. They kept the fire off them. What was he doing? Acting upon the word of God was a mighty miracle. So we're going to, we all been through many situations in our life, trials, tribulations, hardships, and we have to realize if God took us through that, he's going to take you through this as well. So, I I just love how that we have testimonies that we can look back and see that God can can take you through. &gt;&gt; And the thing is, don't don't just look back at what he's done, but also look what he can do. Cuz sometimes we just look back, oh, God did all these wonderful things back here, but God still wants to do wonderful things in your present life today. And and like the prophet said that um what happens is we we we look at what God has done and what he will do, but we we fail to realize what God is trying to do. presently in our life right now. &gt;&gt; And we want to make sure that we're aware of what God wants to do because God wants to lead you to your future. But first, you have to recognize what he's trying to do right now so you can get to that future. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And let's keep um let's go to So, it's it's this song that really um that that that gave me this inspiration. You probably heard it's called I trust in God. And I really like the lyrics. They're really they're really peaceful. It says, "Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine." And this is where the inspiration came from. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. So, I just love how that writer that he got the inspiration that that God is a fourth man. Not just in that story, but the fourth man all the time in the fire because he says time after time, he he can be your fourth man. He can be your guide. He can be your deliverer. There's so many things that God can be in our life because each one of us are going through different things in our life. I don't know it, but God knows what you're going through. And God has an answer to what you need it for. He has a He can meet that need. No matter how difficult that need may seem, he can meet each and every one our needs right now at this very moment. And it says born of his spirit, washed in his blood. And what he did for me on Calvary is more than enough. I love that. What he did on Calvary is more than enough. what he did on Calvary opened the door that you could have a personal relationship with him that that you could have oneness with him, that you could pour your heart out to him because what we lost in the Garden of Eden has been restored through what was done on Calvary. So what was done on Calvary, you can have that oneness that Adam and Eve have now. It it all it is is just a head bow away, just a speaking to God away. You don't necessarily have to always because it's there's going to be times where you can't hit your knees sometime, but you can pray in your car. Amen. &gt;&gt; You could pray at work. You could pray while listening to a song. It's pray where you're walking, where you're working out. There's so many things that you you can do to access God. Because we we we talked about last service that he's a strong tower. He's a very present help in a time of need. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it says, "Perfect submission all rest." He says, "I know the author of tomorrow has ordered my steps." So, we may not know what steps we need to take. All we have to do is move forward and just trust that God is leading us because he promised to order the the footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. So, and we have that confidence that we may not know where we're going, but we know that God is the author um of tomorrow. &gt;&gt; So, he says, "So, this is my story. This is my song. I'm praising my risen King and Savior all the day long. I trust in God my savior, the one who will never leave me. He will never fail." So I always like hearing that uh that he will never fail. I can fail you. You can fail me. But one person who can't fail is Jesus Christ. I promise this. He will never let you down. Not one time will he let you down. So you you you can have confidence that he will not fail you. So he says, "I trust in I trust in God my savior. Never fail. He will never fail. He didn't fail you then and he won't fail you now." I like that. He says, "I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered me. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered me. That's why I trust in him. That's why I trust in him." So, when we're seeking God for something with all our heart, we can have confidence that he will answer. I &gt;&gt; I believe that if we're we're pouring our heart out to God, God will give you an answer. &gt;&gt; And sometimes it may not be the answer you want, but it will be an answer. Cuz because I I even think about this, I've heard this before. Even a no from God is good. God's speaking to you. &gt;&gt; I would love to if if God says no to something, that's fine. He spoke to you. &gt;&gt; So to me, that that's a blessing because we live in a day and age of where people want God uh to people want to manip try to manipulate God into giving them the answer they want. And God doesn't work that way. God does not work that way. And so that's why a lot of times like people love to go to certain uh churches because like the people some people love going to mega churches sometimes and because they know that they don't they they don't have to do anything. They can just sit just hear what they want to hear feel good. And when I look at my Bible that sometimes I believe in feelgood sermons. I believe in you know fiery evangelist but sometimes we need words that are going to cut us &gt;&gt; because if it doesn't if it doesn't uh it doesn't challenge you it doesn't change you. So, we we need to be challenged and the word of God sometimes is going to is going to say things that we need to hear, but God is trying to lead us &gt;&gt; um to a closer walk with him. In order to lead us to a closer walk with him, we have to die to oursel. We we have to die to the flesh. We have to be willing to take that hard word because I I look I look in all throughout the Bible that a Christian walk isn't an easy walk. It it's something that when I wasn't serving God, it was easy. But when I started serving God, it got hard &gt;&gt; because now you're going against your nature, the grain against your nature, and your nature doesn't want to serve God. And um see where we at now. Amen. All right. So, let's go to um go to Daniel 6. Go to Daniel 6. So, we'll look at another uh character in the word of God. Now, So Daniel 6 and we'll read verses 10-2 first 10-2. Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem. He kneelled upon his knees three times a day and prayed and gave thanks before his God as he did a four times. So I love that. So Daniel did not let his So what the enemy wants to do is let's just break it down. I want to expose the enemy. So what the enemy wants to do is he wants to take your prayer life away. &gt;&gt; If he can take your prayer life away, you lose your closeness with God. And so thing is we have to fight to keep our walk with God. We have to fight on our knees. That's where the battle is fought. And and like we said before, God wants to fight your battles, but in order for him to fight your battles, you have to take the fight on your knees first. So God can properly fight your battles. So what the enemy does is he hates when a believer is on his knees seeking God. He hates it because he is powerless against a believer. When a believer is fully surrendered to God. And so that what the devil likes to do is he likes to not he likes to um get you to be distracted. He gets you busy with good things. Taking care of your family, doing this and doing that. And the devil knows he can't get you doing these crazy things in the world. So he'll get you to be so busy with everything around your house and all these things that you have put minimal time in your walk with God. And when he does that, he has you in his fingertips. So what we need to do is I think um in I can't remember think it says the kingdom of heaven has suffered violent and a violent take it by force. So you have to take your personal walk by force because the devil when you go to God, Paul said when when when I would do good, evil would be right there. So the devil knows when you're trying to walk closer to God, he's going to set obstacles and traps. And we have to be aware of of what the enemy is doing. &gt;&gt; And we have to be aware and we're aware by um in our prayer lives. So that's why I said it's so important this day and age that we need to pray daily. I'm not saying you got to spend 5 hours a day like I said before. I'm saying it's quality the quality prayer time, quality reading time cuz this is what's going to give you strength. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is this is going to give you strength. There's so many scriptures in here that will give you strength that that will give you uh what you need because it's is we need to eat food, but we also need spiritual food in due season. And this is the type of food we need to feed our inside man. If we're not feeding on the right things because there's so many distractions out there, social media, Tik Tok, um Instagram, Pinterest, uh YouTube shorts, Instagram shorts. I I can keep on going with all these distractions we have. All it takes is you pick one video and you have it's an algorithm in there that knows exactly what you like. You pick this video, you watch you watch a cat video, you watch this video, that video, and then it it it stores it and it keeps putting similar videos and before you know it, you're scrolling for an hour and a half and you're wondering where my time went. So that's what the devil does. See, the devil got slick. Um he he he has so many social and I'm not saying social media is bad because social media does have some good things because you can promote good things. you can keep in contact with people. Um, but the thing is I think a lot of times, especially young people nowadays, they use social media uh too much and and and what happens is when you use social media too much and there's all these young people trying to make a name for themselves and then these other young people are trying to uh copy off of them and it's ruining their lives because like I said before, you don't know what that person is doing behind closed doors. They're just showing you what they want you to see, but you don't know what they did to get what they have. And everybody's trying to follow follow after them. And we're not called to follow after Hollywood and glamour. We're called to follow after Christ &gt;&gt; because when you follow when you follow after Hollywood and glamour, you're always going to feel empty. And these people feel empty. And that's why they're trying to get um they're always trying to get more followers, a million more, more money. But yet, if you if you if you would actually see where they're at, you'll see the things that they're doing are compromised. And even this I don't know if this this one minister um one of his bigname ministers, I don't minister his name, but he was caught at this um this party uh this one old this uh I'm trying to explain it. So, oh yeah. So, this is you probably heard P Diddy. You probably know who P Diddy is. um this one of these ministers was caught always going to his parties and it's like why are you going to a PD a PD party where there's alcohol women and it's like and he's a bigname preacher. It's just I I look at there's a lot of compromising in this day and age. Um nobody want people want to serve God but they want to serve God in their own terms is what I'm trying to say. And we can't serve God based upon our own terms. And it's like God is not going to compromise to you to your life, but he's expecting us to form to his word &gt;&gt; be &gt;&gt; because God is holy. God God is perfect. God is merciful. God is long-suffering. And God wants to help you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But the thing is, God's a gentleman. Just like brother uh Brother Bill said yesterday, he's knocking at the door of your heart. &gt;&gt; But the thing is, he's not going to kick the door down. He's not going to blow the door up, but he's waiting for you to let him in. &gt;&gt; Because God wants to help you. He wants to change your situation. He wants to change your life. He He wants to build you, but you have to let the master builder come in and follow his blueprints because he sometimes we have blueprints for our own life &gt;&gt; and we and we want to just keep those blueprints, but sometimes you got to put those blueprints off to a side and say, "Lord, what is your blueprints for my life? What is your plan for my life? Where do you where do you want me to go? Um what direction what job do you want me to have? What what direction should I take? And the more we can involve Christ in all of our life, the more we will grow in Christ because all God is looking for as a believer fully surrendered in God. And we see in in the word in James uh how it tells us how we resist the devil. First we have to submit to God and then we can resist the devil. That's the formula. It's not um it's not the opt it's not resist the devil then submit to God but it's submit to God and then you can resist the devil. So we see in a believer's life submission to God is so important &gt;&gt; because the more you submit the more he can lift you up. And I'm not saying lift you up like in a fame but lift you up more closer to him because the end of the day it's God's strength that's going to get you through this. It it's it's God's strength that's um you're going to become a victor. And we talked about this last time, how that in order to have a victory, there has to be something you have to overcome. There has to be some sort of obstacle that you have to overcome because otherwise, how do you fight? You can't fight anything if there's nothing there. So, in order for you to become an overcomer, there has to be trials, tribulations, hardships, hard times. And we we found out through the word that that they're more precious than gold. And they're there for a reason to build you, to to help you grow. I guarantee you I can talk to brother John how many trials you had over the years and you could probably tell me hundreds and hundreds and hundreds but it made you a better husband, a better pastor, a better friend, a better boss. But there there there's the reason to help build and grow you. &gt;&gt; I lost where I'm at now. Where am I at? Um let's go to Daniel 6. I said oh verse 11. These men assembled and found Daniel praying and making supplication before his God. So the these people were literally just set out to they were jealous of Daniel. There's going to be people that are going to be jealous of you because of your walk. They're going to be so jealous that you're blessed. They see you prospering spiritually and and physically and they they're going to become jealous. So they're going to set things they're going to try to get you in trouble. It could be at your work. They're jealous or they they they hate that you have a walk with God and they don't. And so they're going to do anything they can to get under your skin to try to get you in trouble. But I love the attitude that Daniel had. He he he never one he never one one time talked bad about them. He did not one time talk bad about them. He let God handle it. He let God fight the battle. And I think sometimes we can't take things personal. &gt;&gt; People do things sometimes and they're going to do things over and over again. And the devil does that for a reason cuz he's trying to get a reaction out of you. It's not the it's not the action, but it's a reaction to the action as as the prophet said. So don't let people get under your skin. They're going to do things. That's what they're going to do. And we have to realize that's human nature sometimes that we have to just trust in God and and not complain about the situation, but be thankful that um we have an opportunity to react in the proper way. &gt;&gt; Let's go to um okay 12. Then they came near and spake before his king concerning the king's decree. Hey, hast thou not signed a decree that every man that shall ask a petition of any god or man within 30 days, save of thee, oh king, shall be cast into the den of lions? The king answered and said, "The thing is true according to the law and the Mes and the Persians which auth now now Daniel looks like he's in a hard a hard hard a rock and a hard place because there's this decree that when a king would decree something, he could not go back on it. It was his word. If it was sealed, it was his word and they had to follow it." So, it looks like Daniel is in a rough predicament um because he doesn't he he's he's he knows he's doing something that is against the law. But I look at it this you give Caesar's what Caesars's and God's with God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So if Caesar is contradicting is trying to contradict God's word, you follow God. I don't I don't care how in trouble you get. God promised to take care of his own. If you're faithful to God, he'll be faithful to you. &gt;&gt; Let's go to um verse 14. Then the king um when he heard these words was so displeased with himself and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him. I I love that that this king felt so bad. And if as we read the scriptures, this king was trying to find every way to help Daniel out this situation because he respected Daniel and respected Daniel's God. And God's going to set people um they may not even be believers, but they're people who they they respect you because of the God that you serve. They have respect for the stand of faith that you have taken. And God will will do things, put people in certain places to help help you get another job. It could be a loan. Whatever it may be, God's going to set people in your circle to have to to supply those needs that you need. So, I love how God does those things. And um these men were assembled to the king and said unto the king, "Know, oh king, that the law of needs and purses that no decree or statue which the king is established to be changed." Verse 15. Now go to verse 16. Then the king commanded that they brought Daniel and cast him into the den of lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, I love this right here. Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee. &gt;&gt; And this man is not technically not a believer, but look, he says, "Thy God whom thou believe." He had faith in Daniel's God that he was going to deliver him. So I I like that right there. And it says, "And a stone was brought and laid upon the mouth of the den, and the king sealed it with his own signate." Now, these people who accused him, they are saying, "We finally got Daniel." Like, we finally got this man. Is no way that he's going to get. We put a stone. We put hungry lions. Is no way he's going to get out of this. And he says that the purpose not might not be changed concerning Daniel. Then the the king went to his palace and passed the night fasting. this he he literally he loved Daniel. He was even fasting. He was probably praying for him. They said we're instrument brought before him and his sleep went for he couldn't even sleep. He was so concerned about his buddy Daniel that he couldn't even sleep. It says then the king arose very early in the morning. He went in haste. He was running and went in hasten to the lions. And when he came to the lions he cried with a lamidable voice unto Daniel. And the king speaking said, "Daniel, servant of the living God, is thy God whom thou serest continually able to deliver thee from the lions?" Then said Daniel unto the king, "Oh king, live forever." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; My God. I love that. Is he your God? Is he Is he your God? My God. So what you we have to do is we have to you have to say he's my God. &gt;&gt; Cuz he has to be personally. He can't be I can't I can't have a relationship through brother John with his God with with God. I have to say my God, &gt;&gt; my Lord, &gt;&gt; my healer, my protector. You have to have a personal experience that he's all those things to. You have to have experience that God is God personally for yourself. That's why he can say my God because because he's experienced who God is personally for himself. My God has sent his angel and has shut the lion's mouth that they have no hurt. For as much as before him innocy was found in me. And also before thee, oh king, I have done no hurt. Then was the king exceedingly glad for him and commanded that they should take Daniel out of the den. So Daniel was taking him out the den, and the manner of hurt was found upon him because he believed in his God. And the king commanded and they brought those men which had accused Daniel, and they cast him into the den of lions, them and their children, their wives, and the lions had the mastery of them, break all their bones in pieces, or every they came at the bottom of the den. So I love how this Daniel let God fight the battle. His accus look what happened to his accusers. God fought the battle. Daniel didn't kick and scream and and and say, "Man, they shouldn't be doing this. They're jealous." He just let God handle it. Sometimes we get so involved in situation that we we we worry ourself. We get stressed out because we're not letting God take the take the driver's wheel. See, God is not going to fight for control, the driver's wheel with you. You heard of a backseat driver. Don't be a backseat driver. Just sit in and let God take you the destination he wants you to go. That's what Daniel did. Daniel didn't complain like, "Lord, why am I in this situation? I didn't do nothing wrong. I was just seeking your face. I was trying to get closer to you." He didn't say, "Man, Lord, like what's going on, man? Like, why am I why am I in this?" But God did it for a purpose. &gt;&gt; And I love this, too. When um when Daniel was praying, it's another When Daniel was praying 21 days, he didn't hear not one answer from God. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But he wasn't discouraged. He kept praying. &gt;&gt; He kept praying. Day one, day two, day three, day four. Kept seeking God, kept seeking God. Week two, week, week three. And I love the testimony. He said, "Daniel, I heard you since the first prayer that you prayed." &gt;&gt; So sometimes your prayer has it might be held up for certain reasons. I I'll tell you this. I love this. Um this it's an old song. He's an ontime God. Job said, "He may not come when you want him, but he'll be right on time." And I'll tell you this that he was a right on time for Daniel. It may not been when he wanted it, but he's right on time. Maybe you have a need tonight or tonight. You have a need to this morning. And I'll tell you this, that need is going to be met right on time. &gt;&gt; Maybe you want to see your children serving God. It's going to be right on time. So the thing is sometimes we want things in our time because we live in a society where everything is so fast, fast food, Amazon, whatever it is. Um overnight deliveries, all these things that we get accustomed and so used to having everything right now. And God doesn't work like that all the time. Sometimes he does work right now, but we can't expect God to do that every single time because God wants to make sure everything is put in place perfectly. When God does does things, it's done perfectly. &gt;&gt; So if he if he rushes certain things, it's certain it's certain things going to be missing. He He's making sure everything is lined up in order so when it's time to meet that need, everything will be taken care of. God looks at the big picture. We just look at the small picture sometimes. So we got to realize that like we said yesterday, he says, "My thoughts are not your thoughts. My ways are not your ways." So we have to realize that God does certain things and we have to realize that we don't always think like God. Sometimes we think we all we think like God, but no, sometimes we don't &gt;&gt; because we sometimes think based upon our emotion and emotions can be wrong because emotions can change. You could be happy one day, sad the next, angry one day, mad the or or or happy the next day. So, we don't serve God based upon emotions. And so, we have to put that into a fact that that God is um let's go to Romans 8:28. Now, I think of this scripture right here, and we'll read a couple verses in here. I had it on my notes, I believe. I can't remember, but we'll read a couple verses just this time. I want I want us to remind us. And we know that all things I know we read this last service and we know that all things work together for a good to them that love God to them that are calleding according to his purpose. D that's fits right there with Daniel's situation because we he he could say we know all things work together for the good of them that love God and are called according to his purpose. I believe I'm speaking to uh people who are called according to his purpose. Every one of you guys are called according to his purpose. And we can go read in verse 29. for whom he did forno he did predestinate to be conformed to the image not for him to be conformed to us but for us to be conformed to the image of his son that um lost my that that he okay that um he might be the firstborn among many brethren moreover whom he did predestinate them he also called and whom he called them he also justified whom he justified he also glorified what shall we say then to these things. If God be for us, who could be against? I'm read that again. If God can be for us, who can be against us? &gt;&gt; So, I don't care what the enemy throws at at you. If God is for you, then nobody can be against you. I don't care what the doctor says. I don't care what the boss says. Like, he can say, "You ain't never getting that promotion. If that promotion is for me and God has gave it to me, I don't care how many people try to close the door. God will open that door or God will take that person out and you and put somebody in so you get that promotion. So don't don't think a situation is impossible for God to handle. God can handle the small situations, the big situations. &gt;&gt; And like like I said before, let God kill Saul. David David didn't have to kill Saul. We see what happened to Saul. God took Saul out so David could be the king. So we see that saying. So, let God do the thing. Cuz David was going to try to David had every opportunity. He could have killed Saul right there, but he said, "Let me not touch God's anointing." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He said, "Let me let me let God do his thing. Let God do his thing." God knows what he's doing. He He He He's been around the block a couple of times, so he knows what he's doing. So, let him do his thing. The The more we the the more we can rest, the more we can let God move, cuz God wants us to rest. I'm not saying be lazy, but I'm saying trust. Amen. &gt;&gt; Play your part. Uh um trust in him, serve him, read the word, speak the word out. I think it's so it's so important to speak the word out into existence. &gt;&gt; Lay lay upon the promises of God. Say, "Lord, I'm believing this because I know it's your word. I'm believing this because I know this is life. I'm believing this because it's been made real to me. I don't know when it's going to happen, but I know it will happen." Um so, let's see. Um let's go verse 32. Um, and he said, "He that speareth not his own son, but delivered him up for his his um for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?" I love that. He that speareth not his own son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things? &gt;&gt; So God knows each one of your needs. He knows your needs. He knows your needs back there, sister. He knows your needs, sister Lori. Your needs, everybody's needs. So he's going to supply them. So not not your wants necessarily, but your needs. &gt;&gt; Your needs. I'm not saying God won't bless you. God God loves blessing his children. &gt;&gt; God financially, spiritually, God loves these things. Let's go to Joel chapter 2. I think to um let's go to tell you exactly where to go. Give me one second. Let's go to Joel chapter one. One second. Let's go to Joel chapter 2 verse 25. Sorry about that. You want to put that in a board for me? Joel chapter 2 verse 25. I love this right here. And he says, "And I will restore to you the years that the locust have eaten up the cankerorm, the caterpillar, the palmer worm, my great army which I sent among you." Maybe you just feel like your life has been shambles. this this this just situation after situation, problem after problem. You just feel like you're just a stump. You just feel like I ain't got no life left. But I'll tell you this, the Lord said, "I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten up, the cankerworm, the caterpillar, the palmer worm, my great army which I sing among you." Verse 26. And you shall eat in plenty. You can go spiritual right there. eat in plenty and be satisfied because the world doesn't satisfy you. The world leaves you hungry &gt;&gt; because I can get a good meal and I'm hungry two hours later, maybe an hour later. I can get Chinese food hungry 30 minutes later. So, we see that we can't depend upon natural food to satisfy us spiritually because it can't. But he said, ' Ye shall eat in plenty and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that hath dealt with wondrously with you and my people shall never be ashamed. Verse 27 and it says, "And you shall know that I am in the midst of Israel." He's in the midst of us right now, the midst of your life right now. That and that I am the Lord your God and none else and my people shall never be ashamed. Verse 28, please. These in my notes. And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and daughters shall prophesy. Your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions. Verse 29. And also upon the servants, upon the handmmaids, in those days will I pour out my spirit. Verse 30. And I will show wonders in the heavens and the earth and the blood and fire pills of smoke. Is there another verse? And the sun shall be turned in darkness and the moon the blood before the great and terrible day of the Lord. So, we know that um this is this is um this scripture is what Peter actually repeated back in the book of Acts. So, just I I wanted to bring the restoration out because we're in this we're in the season of restoration because God is trying to restore us from the inside out. There's certain things there's certain things that God needs to build inside of us so we can be back to how we used to be before the the for the fall. So, God is trying to restore you spiritually. He's trying to res restore families together. I believe God is in a restoration business. And he's not trying to make something. He's not he's trying when you restore something, you're making something how it used to be. When somebody tries to restore a vintage car, they're not trying to make a new car, but they're trying to restore back to what it used to be. So God is trying to restore you back to what you used to be. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In his image. &gt;&gt; And and so sometimes restoration hurts. It hurts sometimes, &gt;&gt; but is needed. Amen. &gt;&gt; Like when you when you go work out at the gym, you literally are destroying your muscles. You're hurting your muscles. So what? So it can rebuild. So when we get hurt is to build us. &gt;&gt; And it's very important because the prophet brought out a restoration message trying to get us back in step. We got to get back in step with the word of God cuz sometimes we get out of step and we got to line back up in our walk with God. &gt;&gt; Where am I at now? All flustered. Let's see. Where am I at? Okay, let's go to um All right, let's go to Isaiah 43, verse 16. How am I doing on time? So, it says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, which maketh a way in the sea, and a path in the mighty waters." So, I'm going to say that to us personally today that the Lord is making a way right now in the sea for you. He's making a path right now. He's building He's building a bridge so you can walk where he wants you to go. And so maybe it feels like you're you're you're in a like we said last time in a um a Red Sea showdown and you just feel like Lord, I don't know where to go. My back's against the wall. I got I got this person over here yelling at me. I got this this situation going on. I just feel like I'm drowning. Um the bills are the bills are piling up. I don't know what to do. But I'll tell you this, God is going to make, it says right here, he will make a way in the sea, a path in the mighty waters. So, he'll make a way for you. He'll supply that need, that spiritual need. But all you have to do is say, "Lord, I don't know how you're going to get me out of this, but I know you will get me out of this. I'm trusting in you. If you start a good work in me, you will finish it." So, you got to you got to speak faith into the situation. Show God that you believe that he can take you out of any situation. See, God is going to bless you more for that than us trying to complain our way out. Cuz you can't complain your way out. When you complain, you dig yourself deeper. So instead of instead of complaining, praise him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Worship him. Say, "Lord, even though I I don't know even have the strength to worship you, I'm going to worship you anyway because me worshiping you is going to do way more good than me complaining." And God is going to say like Paul I meant to put that scripture but you look at Paul and Silas um they they they technically you could outside looking in like why are they in prison? They deserve to be in prison. All they do is living for God. But when they were in that prison beaten bloody they still had strength to sing praises to God and lift his name up. And you know what God did? He he he he literally loosened those chains and opened and and opened their bond open their um word I'm looking for. He he he they were in bondage and he he he he exactly he he set their shackles free. So if they could have enough praise and worship inside of them to worship and you can say a a bad situation. It was dark. It was probably smelly. It was probably humid. They were bloody. They probably can barely see. But they still found enough praise to muster up and worship God. So, who are we not to worship God when we're going through certain things because praise and worship will be your strength? &gt;&gt; Praise and worship will get you through the toughest situation. That's what Job had to do. He he had to praise and worship God. He said, "Blessed be the name of the Lord who giveth and taketh away." He still found praise in his heart to give God. Even though he he could have made an excuse. I don't have my kids anymore. I don't have this. My wife said, "You better curse God and die." But yet, he still found enough inside of him to serve God, to give God the glory. And I believe that touches the heart of God when we're able to muster up praise and worship when when the situation seems like it you can't muster it up. So, that's where the real victory is had. That's what I'm talking about when victories are won. Because it's easy to have a victory when when everything's, you know, beautiful and set in line. But a real victory to me, you you cherish it more when you have to fight your way through it where everything is up against you and you have to really lean upon God in a situation that you really have to trust God because you've tried everything that you could try. You tried this, you tried this, you got advice from here, you took a loan from here, you did this over here, um what whatever you read um the daily scriptures every day and this and that and that and that and you're saying, "Lord, I don't know what to do, but Lord, I'm I'm going to keep I'm going to keep on my knees no matter how bad this situation's get. Lord, I'm going to stay on my knees every morning. I'm I'm I'm going just cry out to you and say, "Lord, I I don't know what's going on, but I'm trusting you through this trial. I'm going to make it through. You are my firm foundation and my my my my house is built upon a rock." Let's go to Matthew 7. Because if you build your house upon a rock, I don't care what strong wind comes. I don't care what storm comes. I don't care what tidal wave comes. That house is going to stay strong because you built your foundation upon a rock. the rock of ages. And anytime a person is built upon the rock of ages, there's no devil in hell that can destroy the house because God has built that house. If God has built the house, then there is no devil in hell that can destroy it. So, you can have confidence that God will bring you through, that God will take you the extra mile. If you can't walk, God will carry you and help you walk. He's there to hold your hand. Let's go to Matthew 7. 7. And we'll go to 24 um through verse 29. Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings, he said, "Whosoever." So, whosoever hear these sayings of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock. Verse 25, my brother, it says, "And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house, and it fell not." I'm going do that again. And the rains descended and the floods came and the winds blew and and and beat that house, and it fell not. for it was founded upon a rock. Verse 26, it says, "And everyone that heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them not shall be likened unto a foolish man, which bit his house upon the sand." I don't care how nice that house looks. It It could be steel reinforced. It It could have a a bomb shelter. It could have whatever it has in there. Whatever you want to say. It could be built up really high, really strong. if it's built upon sand, it says shall be likened to a foolish man. Um, which built his house upon the sand. Verse 27, and the rains descended and the floods came and the winds blew and beat that upon that house and it fell and great was the fall of it. So, it's not about how pretty the outside is, it's about what's on the inside. &gt;&gt; Because if this if if that house was not if there's no foundation, then I don't care how much money you put into it. I don't care how much insurance you put into it is going to fall. &gt;&gt; I want to read this is a song. Um, okay, here we go. I'm getting ahead of myself. It says, so it's called Firm Foundation. It says, "Rain came and wind blew, but my house was built upon you. This is the reason you made it, cuz I'm safe with you. I'm going to make it through. Rain came and wind blew. My house was built on you. This is the reason I'm standing. I'm safe with you. He says, I'm going to make it through. Yes, I'm going to make it through cuz I'm standing strong on you. Says my house was built on you. &gt;&gt; So, the reason why we're going to make it is because our house is built on him. &gt;&gt; That's the only reason why you're going to make it. &gt;&gt; Nothing else. No motivational video is going to help you make it through. No self-help books going to help you make it through. &gt;&gt; But, but God himself will help you make it through. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's so important right there in a believer's walk. realizing that it's not your strength. It's not it's not what you can do, but it's realizing that it's all what God has done. It's in a finished product you have faith in. And that's why we can have faith to keep moving on and on and on because what has God has done? He died so you can have faith. He died so you can have victory. He died so you can have that oneness like we just said before. Let's let's let's look at another character. Um, we'll look at uh David in 1st Samuel 17:25. 1st Samuel 17 25. Okay, so this is a very familiar scripture. We all know the story of David and Goliath. probably all quote it. So we'll go with um let me see go to verse 25 first kind of skip our way through. And the men of Israel said, "Have you seen this man that has come up? Surely to defy Israel he's come up and shall be that the man who kleth the king will enrich with the great riches will give him his daughter and make his father's house free in Israel." I just want to mention something. A lot of times we we look at a situation on the outside and we we kind of forget the God that we serve. And and I think that the children of Israel forgot how they got into the land, what God had done. Yet they're looking at this obstacle. They're they're worshiping this situation more than worshiping the God of Israel. And they're looking at the outwork. Oh man, this man is gigantic. How we're going to how we're going to beat him. He's been a warrior since his youth. All these things, they're looking at the outward appearance. And God doesn't care about the outward appearance. God, all the uh the Egyptians that were chasing him, God didn't care. They could have sent a million of them. It didn't phase God. They could have sent two. They could have sent three nations. It doesn't bother God. &gt;&gt; But yet, sometimes as human beings, we tend to look at the the circumstances. And faith doesn't look at the circumstances. &gt;&gt; Faith just looks at what God said. That's all faith looks at. So sometimes we have to remind oursel of the faith that we have. the God that we serve that I don't care what's going on that faith is going to get you through because God promised it. &gt;&gt; Let's go to verse um where am I at? 26. And David spake to the men that stood by him, saying, "What shall be done to the man that killed the Philistine and taketh away the reproach of Israel? For who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he should defy the armies of the living God?" And the people answered him after this manner, saying, "So it shall be done to the man that kleth him." And Elab the eldest brother heard when spake unto the men. And Elab anger was kindled. I don't know why he was. He was jealous. He was So you got to realize they were jealous because they weren't chosen to be king. &gt;&gt; You know they were very jealous. So that that's that anger was kindled because of the jealousy because when when Samuel came and anointed they tried to put the oil in him wasn't him. Wasn't him. Wasn't him. And then they didn't even think about David. They counted David out. They're like this man is this scrawny little man over here just sheep hurting. is like his dad even think about it. He ain't definitely ain't king. He He ain't built to be king. But God doesn't look at the outward appearance. He looks in the inward appearance. &gt;&gt; So I love I love that God cuz I guarantee you Saul was probably more head and shoulders. Uh the B I think even brother Brand than anybody in Israel. He was a big man probably, you know, a little buff. But we we see what what God's heart was. The people wanted that. So God gave that to him. But what God wanted is a man after his own heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's what God still wants today is a man or woman after his own heart. That's what he's looking for right now. Um, let's keep going. Um, let's go to verse 31. And when David, the words were heard which David spake, they rehearsed them before Saul, and he sent for him. And David said to Saul, "Let no man's heart fail because of thy servant will go fight with the Philistine." And Saul said to David, "Thou are not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him, for thou are but a youth and a man from his youth." And David said unto Saul, he said, David's like, "Listen here. I'm going to tell you a testimony. It's not about what I what I am or what I do, but it's about what God can do." And he said, "Let me let me share this testimony with you." He said, "Thy servant um it says, oh, sorry. And I went out." So, no, it's um okay. And D verse 34. And David said unto Saul, "Thy servant kept his father's sheep. And there came a lion and a bear and took a lamb out of the flock. And I went out from him and smote him and delivered it out of his mouth. And when he rose against me, I caught him by his beard and smote him and slew him. Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear. And this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he have defiled the armies of the living God." So once again, David wasn't looking in what his strength was or what he did, but he's looking at what God had done. And so that's why that's why that's why David could share that testimony. He's like, "Listen, bro. Listen listen, brother. I know I can't do it by myself, but I know that God that's inside of me can give me the strength to to to kill this uncircumcised Philistine." cuz he could have said cuz y'all y'all cow y'all cowering and fearing like y'all don't serve the God of Israel because y'all literally serving the God of Israel who who uh gave you guys strength who gave you guys victory over all the inhabitants of the land and you think he can't do the same thing with this one uncircumcised Philistine. This is this quote that says um you probably the bigger you are the harder you fall. So he's got the glass is going to fall harder because he's bigger. And David said, "Moreover, the Lord deliver me out this uh the the paw of the lion. He would deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine." And Saul said to David, "Go and the Lord be with you." He's like, "Okay, okay. I believe your testimony. Let's go. Let's go." And his armor and he put on his helmet upon his head and he armed him with the coat of Maul. And David was ged with his sword. He's probably like falling over all that weight upon him and his armor. And he say to go for he had not proved it. David is like, "I don't need this. I I I don't need this armor. I have all I need. I have these five stones. Jesus faith if you want to put say Jesus you can put faith if you want it these five stones that's all I need to to conquer this giant and verse 40 he took his staff in his hand and chose him five smooth stones out of the brook and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had and even in a script and his sling was in his hand and he drew near to the Philistine and the Philistine came on and drew near unto David and the the man that bear the shield went before him and the Philistine looked about the s the saw of David and and he uh disdained him for he was but a youth ruddy in fair countenance. And the Philistines said unto David, "Am I a dog that thou comest to me with staves?" And the Philistines cursed David about his God. So the devil is going to challenge your faith. And you got to make sure that you're standing on genuine faith because the devil knows if you're bluffing. So you got to really mean it. You got to really have faith because the devil's going to come and and try to say, "You don't really believe that. You don't believe you're going to be healed. You don't believe you're going to be out the situation. You don't really believe that." He going to say, "Devil, shut up." and say boo back to the devil. Tell the devil, "Shut up. I don't care what you say." This is what my God says right here to me. &gt;&gt; He calls me an overcomer. He calls me a victor. He calls me his own. He says, "I'm chosen by he he's called me." He said, "I didn't choose him, but he chose me." So, if he's chosen me, then he's going to finish that good work in me. So, I don't care what you say. You're a defeated creature. Get thee behind me, Satan. You got to put Satan in his place. You got to you got to when when when Jesus got the the uh when he got the keys, he he ripped it from Satan and took all his power away. So all we have to do is say just remind the devil where he's going. I know where you're where you're going. You're going to lake of fire. I'm not going with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You go by yourself. I'm not going with you. I'm saved. &gt;&gt; Let's keep going. Um what verse we on? Verse 43. Okay. And the Philistine said to David, "Am I a dog that thou comest to me with staves?" And the Philistine cursed David about his gods. And the Philistines said to David, "Come to me, and I will give thee thy flesh, and to the fowls of the air, and to the beast of the field." Then said David to the Philistines, "Thou comest with a sword, and with a spear, and with a shield, but I am come to thee in the name of the Lord of hosts." So David said, "I'm not coming, it's not me coming, but I'm coming in the name of the Lord of Hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, whom thou hast defiled. This day will the Lord deliver thee into my hand, and I will smite thee, and take take thy head from thee, and I will give the carcasses of the host of Philine this day to the fowls of the air, and to the wild, the beasts of the earth, and that all the army may know that there is a God in Israel. I'm going to say this one thing. I don't know if you remember in this in the same I think the chapter before that Goliath was like, "Let's make this wager. If you if you win, we'll serve you. And if I win um or if I win, you'll serve me. So, I want to tell you this. The devil will no never hold his his bargain into the bargain. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; He never will. So, don't try and make any deals with the devil. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He he he he he's &gt;&gt; uh he's slimy. He He's He's very um manipulative. He's very sneaky. He's not going to hold it because we see this. They defeated Goliath and the Philistines were still fighting against Israel. &gt;&gt; They didn't hold it. &gt;&gt; But I guarantee you if they won, they were like, "Oh yeah, you hold this in the bargain. We made it." So don't don't listen to the devil. Don't trust him. &gt;&gt; He's a liar. He's a liar from the beginning. He's still a liar today. &gt;&gt; Um what verse are we on? I think it's um okay. This day will the Lord deliver. Let's go to verse 47. And it says, "And all this assembly shall know that the Lord saveth not with sword or a spear." Check this out. For the battle is the Lord's. I'm going to say it again. For the battle is the Lord's. And let's go. Let's go. One more. So, let's go one more. We read this verse last time. I'm I'mma pull it up. And it says, I'll read it. And it says, this is Exodus 14:14. The Lord shall fight for you, and you shall hold your peace. And it says, for the battle is the Lord's, and he will give it into our hands. Verse 48. We'll close here in a couple minutes. Don't worry, I won't hold you too long. We go to verse 48 for me. And it says, "And it came to pass when the Philistines arose and came and drew nigh to meet David that David and hasted and ran toward the army to meet the Philistines." Verse 49, please. Then it says, "And David put his hand in his bag and took then a stone and slang it and smoked the Philistine in his forehead, and the stone sunk into his forehead, and he fell upon his face to the earth." Verse 50. And so David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smoked the Philistine, and slew him. But there was no sword in the hand of David. 51. And therefore David ran and stood upon the Philistine and took his sword and drew it out of the sheath thereof and slew him and cut off his hand therewith. And when the Philistines saw the champions dead, they fled. So I'm going I'm going to tell you this that they knew the Philistines knew and everybody in Israel knew that there was a God in Israel. So when we trust upon God, people are going to know that there's a God in your life. There's a God in Israel. There's a God there's a God in send mission. There's a God entrusted to there's a God wherever you work at, there's a God. And so, we can have confidence that if David had a testimony like this, you can have a testimony just like that. &gt;&gt; Because there's going to be giants that are going to come into your life. And you don't want to be be fearful. Be like David. God did these two things. He did these things and he do the same thing in this situation. So, have faith that if God can do that for you, is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? And just just in closing, we we just have to just remind oursel of the God that we serve. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The same God that was with brother Brandham is the same God that's with you. The same God that was with Moses is the same God with you. &gt;&gt; The same God with with Joshua is the same God that with you. With Paul with you. So he does not change as he says in Malachi 3. So we can have confidence that a lot of things are going to change. I mean, how many times you see like candy bars, new and improved recipe, like just keep it the same. Why you got to change it? It tastes good just like the way it is. And how many times you see new and improved this, new and improved this, new and improved this. God doesn't have to be new and improved. &gt;&gt; He he he's same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; So even AI has even AI has flaws. It can give you wrong answers. &gt;&gt; You know, even though it's AI, so it shows you we can't put our confidence in anything in this world. We can only put our confidence in here. &gt;&gt; Only thing, this only thing that's not going to change. &gt;&gt; Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear gracious heavenly father, we always count it such a privilege and an honor, Lord, just to be in your house, to be in your presence, Lord, just knowing, Father, that you've called us for a specific purpose, Lord. You you you called us to be more like you. And Lord, as we just heard the these few words, Lord, maybe they were scrupled, maybe they were messed up, Lord, but just take these little words, Lord, and and just reveal it to your your children, Father. only you can reveal your word, Lord. I'm I'm just a a broken man. I have issues. I have problems. But Lord, maybe you take just take this little word and just just help your people to have strength, Lord. Have victory, Lord. Let us Lord, just help restore us. Help help lead us to higher uh plains with you, Lord. May may we just serve you in a deeper, more personal way, Lord. May you help us, Lord. We all have needs here today, Lord. I pray you meet and supply each need, Lord. Be be with our guests, Lord. May you meet and supply her need, Lord. May you you just give her strength, give her victory, Lord. Give her the answer she's looking for, Lord. Whatever it may be, Lord, and help us, almighty God, just to to uh just to see you, Lord, in in every place in our life, Lord. I pray that we would just help we we we would just put you first, Lord, because you want to be present in our life, Lord. May you have the preminence in each one of our lives. May you bless all the people here, Lord. and and and may as we we leave to today, Lord, later may you may your presence not just stay here, but may it go with us wherever we would go. Lord, we give you all the honor, the glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you for that word. What a word of encouragement for us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Love that word. Amen. Praise God. Yeah. With a word like that, we, you know, we just want you to come back every time. &gt;&gt; Amen. That was very, very uplifting. Amen. Let's stand together and sing Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. [Music] Jesus on the inside. &gt;&gt; What key? What key? Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. [Music] What a change in my life. Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. While Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, what a change. [Music]
