################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-21 - 8.20.25 - Creating Peace For Your Life - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-21
Title:    8.20.25 - Creating Peace For Your Life - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb5Fmjh6nsQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] As I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me, Holy Spirit. Flow through me. Amen. Is that to your desire tonight? Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. What a desire. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. As I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. me. Flow through me, Holy Spirit. Flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Just give it to him. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just give him a hand clap. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, if you want him to flow through you, just got to let go. That's all it is. Just got to let go and let God have his way tonight. Amen. Amen. Well, I greet you in the precious Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. the one that we want him to flow through us. Amen. Uh, brother Dennis, can you just open us with a word of prayer? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Before we're seated, let's just sing Seek He First. Amen. Seek ye first the kingom of God and his rightuousness and all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelu Hallelu. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Hallelu Hallelu. Ask and it shall be given unto you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. Hallelu. Hallelu. Seek ye first the kingom of God, and his righteousness. And all these things shall be added unto you. Hallelu, hallelu. and shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God. Hallelu, hallelu. Ask and it shall be given unto you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock and it shall be added unto you. Hallelu. Hallelu. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You be may be seated. Amen. I want to say it's good to see our sister Ann back with us. Amen. Hallelujah. How many miss her? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. One of the few. Amen. I am one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith and God word I can claim it. Though the way may seem long and the opposition strong, for the bride, there's a way provided. If I plan to go through just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God word I can claim it. Though the way may seem long and the opposition strong for the bride there's a way provided. Amen. If I plan to go through just to hope will not do. I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God word, I can claim it. Though the way may seem long and the opposition strong for the bride there's a way provided. [Music] If I plan to go just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. And believe that I'm one of the few. Hallelujah. You know, it says believe that I'm one of the few. It doesn't say hope that I'm one of the few. Brother Brandham said that hope is faith worst enemy because you just can't hope. You got to believe. Hallelujah. I didn't hope Jesus died on the cross for me. I knew he did. Amen. Soon and very soon. How many's glad for that? Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. There'll be no more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying. There we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon, we are going to see the King. Hallelu. Hallelujah. We're going to see the King. Hallelujah. I'm excited. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. I'm s I'm excited. Such love. Amen. Such love he has for us. Amen. Amen. that God should love a sinner such as I should learn to change my sorrow into bliss, nor rest till he had planned to bring me nigh. How wonderful is love like this. Such love, such wondrous love, such love, such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this that Christ should join so freely in the scheme. Although it meant his death on Calvary. Did everyone tongue find no thing in love? Then love and ransomed me. Such love. Such wondrous love. Such love. Such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. That for with fall and outcast such as I. The father plan. The Savior bled and died. Redemption for a worthless saved by long and love that grace define. Such love, such wondrous love, such love, such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And now he takes me to his heart and son. He asks me not to fill a servant's place. The far off countries wanderings all are done. Wide open are the arms of grace. Such love. Such wondrous love. Such love, such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Such love, such wondrous love. Such love, such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Amen. Let's just thank you for his love tonight. Hallelujah. We just thank you, Lord Jesus, that you should love a sinner such as I, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How deep is that love? Amen. I love them. Amen. Well, we just have a few prayer requests here. Amen. This is our lift up our sister Linda Helms. Uh she took a fall and you know the thing is she fell helping somebody. So we could fall and just trip over something, but she was helping. But she seems like she's always trying to help somebody. So we just pray that God would bless her and heal her for it. Amen. also for a a full recovery for our sister Ann. It's good to see her here tonight. And Lord, just put it upon her to be here. And uh we just pray that he would just be your portion. And anybody else here that's needs a touch from the Lord, please just lift it up to him tonight. He died for our sins and for our healings. So just he's the same God yesterday, today, and forever as our brother said. Amen. Let us just go by faith tonight. Amen. Also for our sister Don and her family as they're grieving the loss of our brother Bruce, we sometimes we still don't feel the ramifications of it and don't know the fullness of it, but God knows and we just leave it there. Amen. Also, if you could just pray for our our family here at Send the Light. Amen. That uh we all grow closer to God, we all seek that perfect love and help one another. Amen. Amen. Amen. And if you could remember my daughter, she's any day she's going to give birth. We don't know when, but we just pray it's in God's time and uh that he comes out serving Lord. So, let's just stand. Let's remember all the missionaries. Amen. The one that's been here, all the messages that were brought to us that they would just be stored up in our hearts. Amen. And uh that we can just live them out as they were intended to. Let's just go in one accord tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you, Lord God, we come because you were your children, Lord, that you called us out of the darkness into the light, Lord, that you knew that seed would come forth one day. And as this is coming forth, Lord, and as it's producing fruit, Lord God, we just pray the fruit would stay, Lord. That we you would just prune us that we would just grow more abundant, not only in your love, Lord, but all the things that are you, Lord. Lord, we just pray, Lord God, tonight, Lord, that you just be with these requests. Be with our sister Linda, Lord. Give her a healing touch that you can only give, Lord. for our sister Don and her family, Lord, that Lord needs you. So, Lord, they need the peace of God in in their hearts, Lord. We just pray that you be their portion tonight, Lord. For anybody else here that's suffering from an affliction, Lord, from our sister Ann, for an complete healing. For anyone else, Lord, that's looking for a need, Lord. You are we don't have because we ask not, Lord. So let us ask tonight, Lord, to be more like you, Lord, to exude more love in our hearts for one another, Lord. We love you, Lord. We praise you, Lord, and we give you all the glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Uh, brother Jonathan, can you lead us with tithes and offerings? Amen. You may be seated. The windows of heaven are open. Amen. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart, for Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my old tethered garment. He gave me a robe of pure white. I'm feasting today on the mana. And that's why I'm happy tonight. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart, for Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my old tethered garment. He gave me a robe of pure white. I'm feasting today on the mana and that's why I'm happy tonight. Hallelujah. I hope you're happy tonight. Hallelujah. On the wings of a dove. Amen. Noah had drifted on the floods many days. [Music] He searched for land in various ways. Troubles he had some but not from above. God gave him his sign on the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love on the sign from above. on the wings of a dove. Jesus our savior came to earth one day. He was born in a stable in a manger of hay. [Music] Though here rejected but not from above, God gave us his sign. On the wings of a dove, on the wings of a snow white dove, God senses pure sweet love. A sign from above on the wings of a dove. Though I have suffered in many a way, I cried for healing, both night and day. Faith wasn't forgotten by my father above. He gave me his sign. On the wings of a dove. On the wings of a snow white dove. God sends his pure sweet love on a sign from above. on the wings of a dove. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing humble ourselves. Amen. Amen. Let's just think about the words in this song. Amen. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Oh, give him your heart. Offer your everything. [Music] There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Oh, humble yourself and let him have his way. Oh, love his word and his will oy for his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. [Music] Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Oh, give him your heart. Offer your everything. [Music] There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Oh, humble yourself and let him have his way. Oh, love his word and his will obey. [Music] for his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Amen. Let's just stand tonight. Oh, humble yourself and let him have his way. Oh, love his word and his will oy [Music] for his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Oh, humble yourself and let him have his way. Oh, love his word and his will oy for his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Amen. I'm so needy, Lord. [Music] I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. Sure all my rights away in this world of sin. [Music] I am so needy, Lord, to be pure with things. I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. She all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy. [Music] &gt;&gt; How many feel needy? Amen. That's where we all were when we gave our heart to the Lord. &gt;&gt; That's where Isaiah was when he was in the presence of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Well, woe is me. And uh that's where Paul was. That's where Paul was when he said, "I got to press towards the mark." And uh I believe that's the place that we can draw closer to God when we feel so needy. I want to say it's a real great blessing to see Ann here. I was not expecting her to be here today. I know she's not feeling greatly comfortable. U may the Lord bless her today. Amen. I know she's missed being here. Um, let's look to the Lord in prayer and then we're going to get into the word of God today. Our heavenly father, Lord, we have come to your house to to receive from you the things that we have need of, Lord. And there are many needs just in each of our lives, Lord. We need you in so many different ways. And we're asking, Lord, that we might be filled with just more of you. The more of you that we have, the the more that those needs can be met. And we just pray for a a portion of you, Lord, that we have need of. We ask that you would come and break the bread of life to us today. Lord, may this word be a strength to each of our lives. May the word that be spoken today be not spoken from the human heart, but may it be spoken from the divine heart of God and reach into the heart of the bride of Christ here, those that would be watching. Lord, may you um may you intervene and um help all of us, Lord, that we might walk away from here with more of you than when we came. We commit this service now into your hands. Ask your anointing to be upon the word of God as it enters our hearts. We give you the glory for it all. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. And turn with me if you would to the book of St. John chapter 14. St. John chapter 14. Now we know this chapter it started out with the disciples being very very bothered that Jesus was leaving and their heart became troubled because the very one that they put all their their hope and trust was leaving. But the disciples did not understand that uh God was coming back in the form of the Holy Spirit to be a comforter to their to their lives. We want to pick up here in verse 22 of chapter 14. Judas saith unto him, not a scariot, not the one that would betray him. Lord, how is it that thou will manifest thyself unto us and not unto the world? showing a a a difference here that the that um the the uh world is not going to be comforted like it the disciples are. And Jesus answered and said unto him, "If a man love me," this is the most important part to getting comforted. If a man love me, he will keep my words and my father will love him and will come unto him and make our abode with him. So the Holy Ghost, brother, I the word of God says that God gives the the Holy Ghost to them that obey him. So the the the crucial part is fall in love with God. Follow the word the best of your ability and then God comes inside, brings the comfort. He that loveth me uh he that loveth not me keepeth not my sayings and the word which ye hear is not mine but the fathers that sent me. These things have I spoken unto you being yet present with you. But the comforter which is the Holy Ghost whom my father will send in my name. He shall teach you all things and bring all things in uh bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever I've said unto you. And we want to take our text from this verse here. Peace I leave with you. My peace I give unto you. Not as the world giveth give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled neither let it be afraid. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. We want to entitle this message creating peace for your life. A pretty simple subject. But how many has ever wanted more peace? and wishing that it would be there but having a hard time finding it because of the confusion, the turmoil, the different things that are happening. There's something there that's wanting peace. You could just even be all alone and the the enemy may be tormenting you in your mind with just thoughts at night. And there is a need uh for really the whole world um um could use the peace of God. And there is a a total difference between uh the peace that God gives us and the peace that the world gives us. And in in short, when the world says um peace and safety, then sudden destruction. &gt;&gt; And so there there's just a def the the a a a definition difference between the everything has to be perfectly in line with the world. You know, all circumstances good, everybody doing good, everything's fine. Okay. And then there's peace, right? But with God, things can be completely out of order. &gt;&gt; And you can have the peace of God in your heart. &gt;&gt; And I believe this is the peace that God wants us to create. No, peace is already here. Jesus left us peace. He said that our hearts wouldn't be troubled and would not be afraid. The peace of God is different, like I said, than the peace of the world. But peace, the peace of God is already here because the word says, "Peace I leave with you." So we live in a world full of evil, a a a society of selfishness, a time of gross darkness. We see people lacking peace, and some without any peace at all. And we see them trying to create peace the way the world creates peace. We see them taking situations into their own hands. They leave the word of God and lean to their own understanding. Searching for ways to control a situation. Manipulating others with their words and their behavior. Bullying others with emotional abusiveness. Belitting and downgrading or or talking negative about others. using fear tactics and threats to gain control so that they can feel what? Peace inside. People will go to extremes just so they can feel okay, everything's okay. No, but Jesus said, "My peace I give unto you, not as the world giveth." The reason people manipulate is because it's easier to trust in themselves to get the job done than it is in God Almighty to to to work in the behalf of the situation. Now the way the world achieves its peace is by taking control in their flesh. Brother Brandham said u using power without character was a satanic power. Right? So you you got the power to manipulate, but it doesn't mean it's the power of God. It's a it's it's a satanic power. And it's no different than than children fighting over a toy. They they can't be happy until they get what they want. So they forcefully grab it. They hit. They say mean things. They threaten. I'm not going to play. You're not going to be my best friend. And they do whatever they got to do so they can get the toy they want. And then they get the toy and they feel at peace, but they're exercising the power without character. And mom and dad, a a teacher or a babysitter says, "Now, we don't do it like that, Junior. We don't we don't grab. We don't hit. We don't say it. We don't act like that. Uh we got to learn to share." But they're doing their best to try to calm the situation down because even as a child, they learn how to manipulate parents. They learn how to manipulate other children. And what they're doing is they want their will and if they don't get their will, they do not have peace. Ephesians chapter 2 verse 2 tells us, "Wherein time passed ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, and the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the very children of wrath even as others. So you see, if I don't get what I want, I'm going to make somebody unhappy until I get what I want. Right? You it's uh and it's always going to be that way. And anytime you stop praying, raft becomes much more preeminent, right? You you go a day without prayer, your wife knows it. You go 2 days, the children know about it. You go 3 days, even the dogs know about it. So you have to continue in prayer so that old nature doesn't just give way to the things of the flesh. It's obvious to see when adults don't get fully converted, they have the same nature of wrath, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind. People without the spirit of peace inside them can be tormented by the devil. They're an easy an easy target. You need the spirit of peace in you. Can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Ephesians 2 tells us that Jesus Christ is our peace. Jesus Christ is our peace. I I Isaiah 9:6 tells us that Jesus Christ is not only the mighty God, but he is the prince of peace. And and and and Jesus said, "My peace I give unto you, not as the world giveth." The way the world gives peace is you got to just manipulate everything. All the circumstances got to be just the way you like them in order for you to feel comfortable and say, "Yeah, I'm having a good day. I'm I'm on a peaceful day. But we don't want that type of peace because very seldom we ever be happy. Very seldom will you ever be at peace. God's peace is so much stronger than the peace that the world gives us. Job said, "Though he slay me, yet will I trust him." The Shudomite woman whose son had just died said to her husband, "All shall be well." and said to Al uh the Elisha's servant, the servant of the prophet, "All is well in the midst of death." And that's the real peace of God. And when Elisha's servant saw the se uh Syrian army had surrounded them, he said, "Alas, master, how shall we do? What's going to happen to us?" and and he answered in 2 Kings chapter 6. He said, "Fear not, for they that be with us are more than they that be with them." He just couldn't see them. The angels are here. We can't see them. In fact, in your homes, the angels of God encamped around them that fear the Lord. And Elisha prayed and said, "Lord, I pray thee, open his eyes that he may see." And the Lord opened the eyes of the young man, and he saw, and behold, the mountains was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elijah. You know, if God be for you, who can be against you? &gt;&gt; You don't need to have everybody on your bandwagon and agreeing with you. The whole world can be against you and you can still have the peace of God in your heart. &gt;&gt; Peace comes from God. And if we're going to create peace for others, we first have to learn to have peace in ourselves. Jesus said in Matthew 5:9, "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." God's children are peacemakers. And this think about this is the prince of prince of peace standing right there in the biatitudes. He is the prince of peace and he's making this declaration that his own children are going that he calls the children of God. They're going to also be peacemakers because they have the same spirit. It's not a special anointing that's just for certain people. If you're a child of God, you have the spirit of God. If you have the Holy Ghost, one of the fruit of the Holy Spirit is peace, love, joy, peace. So we can also be a peacemaker, a peacemaker. Um Ephesians 2:14 says, "For he is our peace, who have made both one and have broken down the middle wall a partition between us." So Jesus came and he died making peace between us and the father. Amen. having abolished in the his flesh the emnity even the law of the commandments contained in the ordinance for to make in himself of twain one new man so making peace. Now God's children know how to make peace because they have the God of peace inside of them. Psalms 29:1 said, "The Lord will give strength unto his people. The Lord will bless his people with peace." &gt;&gt; It's something that we have because it's a part of God. You can't get You can't have God. Imagine if God cut him. Okay, let me just say this. You have a jar of whatever. Let's just say you have a jar of hot peppers. How about that? Hot peppers. And you take part of that what's in that jar and you put it on the plate over there. You ask, you tell me, are you going to get just part of that flavor? Whatever was in that jar is going to be in that pepper. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; If you've got God in the inside, you've got the peace of God. &gt;&gt; You've got what it takes to take care of situations. You hold that power inside of you. Now, Satan don't want you to know that because it'll expose him. But you have the power because God will bless his people with peace. God's people know how to disassemble walls. They know how to dissolve differences. They know how to focus on the positives. They know how to give a soft answer to turn away wrath. They know how to turn a cheek or go a second mile. They know how to lay down their lives for others. They know how to humbly bow down and wash the dirt off other people's feet. &gt;&gt; They know how to make peace. &gt;&gt; Proverbs 16:7, "When a man's ways please the Lord, he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him." When a believer submits to the will of God for their life, God is able to make all grace abound unto us. I I I mean, I want that. I want all my ways to please the Lord. I want to be a cash in and not have problems with people. And the word of God is true. The word of God has never lied. It has never failed. If I cannot produce love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, meekness, temperance, faith, if I can't produce that, then I need more of the Holy Ghost because the word of God has never failed and it cannot fail. Psalms 37:37 reads, "Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright, for the end of that man is peace." Peace is important to God. Mark the perfect man. The end of that man is peace. A person who's in love with God wants peace with others. It's just there. A peace in who a person who's not love with God just don't care. For the end of that man is peace. Let's take a look at just the nature of God for a second in Jeremiah 29:11. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil. to give you an expected end. Now, how many has felt the wrath of God upon you before? How many of you been corrected by the Lord before? But in the midst of that, God's thoughts is still to give you an expected end, &gt;&gt; an end of peace. So, we must understand when we're in situations where things are perhaps arguing and fighting and and and somebody's upset with us, God has given you the ability to create a peaceful end. &gt;&gt; And as sure as anything, that is God's truth. God dwells in our heart by faith. And if we can believe, then we can manifest the peace of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God told Joshua, "Nothing shall be able to stand before thee all the days of the life." God wants us to pursue the promised land. And that promised land is peace is mine. Love is mine. Joy is mine. I claim it. Now, the world says, "I want peace, but you got to give it to me." God's children say, "You know what? I got what you're looking for. I got what you're looking for. I can create peace." Brother Brandon says, "We're creators." You know, if you're blessed are the peacemakers. We can make peace where there's no peace. We don't have to wait till there's a peaceful situation. to just kind of put our our little two cents in and, you know, we're going to make this, you know, peaceful. No, give me the greatest turmoil there is and let's get the job done, right? The righteous are as bold as a lion. We're not afraid. God, be not afraid. Be not dismayed. Uh God has left us the peace. We're not left alone. We don't have to figure stuff out on our own. We got God. Psalms 34:14 says, "Depart from evil and do good." Semicolon, "Seek peace and pursue it." Seek it. That means you got to go after it. You got to have it in your heart that that's what you want. &gt;&gt; That you want to have peace and you want to you want to have peace for your children and you want peace for your family and you want peace for the church and you want peace for mankind. You know that when Jesus was born that the message came peace on earth, goodwill to all men and and and it is the will of God that we dwell in peace, that we we live in peace. And this scripture is telling us to pursue peace, to seek it, and to pursue it. Go after it. If you want it, you got to go after it. You can't I'm gonna tell you this. You can't sit around and expect it to be some Christmas present given to you, some birthday present, just because your name is John Martin. It ain't going to happen. You you you got to humble yourself and say, "This is mine. This is for me. I claim it in the name of the Lord." Creating peace for your life requires simply the path to peace. You need the path to peace. Every delicious meal has a particular path to get there. It's it's called a recipe. And if you follow the recipe just the way that they made it, it usually turns out pretty good. But how many times have you altered a recipe and it didn't taste quite the same? Maybe you didn't have a certain ingredient and you or you just wanted to kind of well I think this will make it better and it don't turn out just the same. Sister Anne, has that ever happened to you before? So often we want to just change how we're going to do things and still expect there to be peace in the home, still expect to have peace in our heart. You need to follow the path of peace to get peace. This is in here in here in this book is the recipe for peace. There's no other book that tells you the peace of God. So if you deviate from the path of the word or the recipe that's in this book to get peace, then it's not going to turn out right. It's going to be half peace and half wrath. Don't ever say you did what you were supposed to do and somehow you don't got peace. God does not lie. God cannot lie. He will not lie. I think about this here. God is in heaven and Lucifer who just brings total turmoil goes behind the back persuades a third of the angels to leave. It causes confusion in the mind. It's what he did with Eve. And God's at peace. God's at peace. Harry's getting ready to be betrayed. He looks at Judas, calls him his friend, and said, "Whatever thou doest, doest quickly." God is a God of peace. He is not moved. He is not moved. I shall not be moved. Because God is a God of peace. He is the prince of peace. And when the prince of peace lives in you, he brings peace with him. &gt;&gt; He brings it into your life. He brings it into your mind. He brings it into your heart. Though he slay me, I'm still going to trust him. Though I get spit on the face, though whatever God does to me, but the prophet said, "If he chose to send me to hell, I would gladly serve him there." &gt;&gt; He had peace. People are leaving this message. I got peace, brother. I got peace, sister. I know that I know what I'm attached to. I know what I belong to. I know that he's able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day. &gt;&gt; God is greater than all our situations. So if you want more peace in your life, we need to create an atmosphere of love, a love for God. We got to create that atmosphere. Just this is the bottom line. We read it in our opening scripture. If we want more peace in our life, we have to create an atmosphere of the love of God around us. &gt;&gt; In our mind, in our heart, in our spirit, in our behavior, in the way we think, the way we talk, the way we act. If you focus on the love of God, peace. I you just how in the world can we expect to have peace when we don't even love? First is love, then joy, then peace. We need to pursue love, a love for the truth, a love for doing right, and peace will surely meet us there. It's hard to create peace when you're not in love with the prince of peace. Psalms 85:10 says, "Mercy and truth are met together. Righteousness and peace have kissed each other. A love to do the right thing and peace. They just kiss. They come together. And if you continue to love God's law, you will create the greatest peace for your personal life. You do not have to wait till everybody likes you. To everybody's giving you what you want. All you have to do is fall in love with the word of God and peace is going to kiss you. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; James 3:8. We read this. This came up in our our men's meeting. I stuck it in here. It wasn't part of the original, but it goes with it. And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace. The fruit of righteousness is is sown. It's it a person who's pursuing the right thing to that, you know, treating one another right and and and and and being merciful and and and and turning the cheek and and and and learning to give a soft answer that that righteousness is sewn in them that make peace. We're creators. I'd rather have peace in my heart than all what the world could give me. &gt;&gt; All the money to be able to to be at peace, to not have ill towards my neighbor, to not have a a rooe of bitterness spring up and spoil many. Give me the peace of God. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Proverbs chapter 3 verse one says, "My son, forget not my law, but let them keep but let thine heart keep my commandments for length of days and long life." and peace shall they add to thee. Too often when there's turmoil, we're just trying to straighten out the turmoil and we're neglecting what God is wanting us to do. We got to keep God first in our life. Amen. Are you getting something out of this? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Psalms 119 verse 165 says, "Great peace have they which love thy law and nothing shall offend them." to be so in love with the word of God that no matter what anybody ever does to you, it will not move you. &gt;&gt; You will not get hurt. You will not get offended. You will not feel stung and wish you could just, you know, get this thing straight. That's how priceless it is to be in love with the word of God. Great peace. Not a little peace. Great peace. Have they want more peace? Love the word. &gt;&gt; Pursue the word. Pursue a relationship with Jesus that you don't have. When you have the peace of God, you're not going to be offended with things. Notice people who murmur and complain about things are people who are lacking peace. You just think about the people who just murmur. They're complaining. They got a problem with this person in the church. They got a problem with that person in the church. They got a problem with the way the preach the the the pastor is. They got a a problem the way the the the the I could say that about me because I can do that. But it's usually those people who do not have peace that they that they they don't seem to offer anything to help. They just tell you how things ought to be and what you need to do. It's like they don't understand where they fit into the body. They don't understand that the body washes the body. They don't understand about supplying to every joint what is needed. They just, you know, you you it's your problem and you deal with it. Great peace have they that love the law and nothing shall offend them. All right. You know, we're going to get out of here early tonight. By the grace of God, I want to do that. It's such a good feeling for a pastor to to let out early on a Wednesday. &gt;&gt; I want to do that. So pray for me that I get it done because that's my heart's desire. But turn with me to Proverbs chapter 3 verse number 13 because we're talking about getting peace right and knowing me after saying that I'll probably be five minutes late just knowing me. Proverbs chapter 3:13 says, "Happy is the man that findeth wisdom and the man that getth understanding." Proverbs 2 tells us that you have to if you want the real wisdom of God, you got to search for her like silver and gold. You got to really hunt for it like a hid treasure. All right. Proverbs 3:14. For the merchandise of this wisdom is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than fine gold. She is more precious than rubies, and all the things that could be desired are not to be compared with wisdom. length of days is in her right hand and in her left hand is riches and honor. Her ways are the ways of plentess and all her paths are peace. wisdom. All the paths of wisdom lead to peace. That's just all there is to it. You want to know about the wisdom of the world, there's envy, there's strife, there's there's fighting, there's arguing. But you go to James and James tells us that the wisdom that's from ab above is first pure, peaceable, gentle, easy to be entreated. You're not going to find God, the wisdom of God without a path of peace. She is a tree of life to them that lay hold on upon her. And happy is everyone that can retain it. We've all had experiences where we had the wisdom of God kind of protrude forth from us when we were handling a situation. But that doesn't mean we've retained it. We got to we got to retain wisdom. Amen. So when we think of creating peace in our lives, we want to think about the things that bring peace, the things that cultivate peace. And to love to to love God is is truly number one. Jesus said it. It's said here in the scriptures. And the wisdom of God is really the the the fear of the Lord, right? It's the beginning of wisdom. And that that fear of the Lord is I could be wrong how I'm pursuing what I'm looking at, how I'm viewing this. Maybe I'm leaning to my own understanding. And I I need the wisdom of God. I I could be wrong. And in that the wisdom of God will always lead to a path of peace. So the recipe of of uh peace, the path of peace, we need to have peace in our life so we can create peace in situations. God wants to use you to help situations in the church. God does not want to use you to tell about all the bad situations in the church. You don't even needed to do that. not needed to do that. The devil can do that. He's the accuser of the brethren. But what we're needed is we're needing peacemakers. We're needing people that know how to take situations and get them worked out. Isaiah 26:3 says, "Thou will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee. because he trustth in thee. &gt;&gt; That's why Job who had everything taken away from him could say, "Though he slay me, I'm still going to trust him." He was kept in perfect peace. He didn't have everything laid out for him nice. He didn't have everybody fixed their problems. No, even his own wife turned against him. False accusers were accusing him. But he still held the peace of God inside of him. Because peace is on the inside. &gt;&gt; And if God dwells in your heart by faith, then you claim the peace of God in your life. You have every right to tell the devil to get behind you. You have every right to rebuke the devil when he comes to you with tormenting thoughts. &gt;&gt; Get behind me, Satan. God has allowed the enemy to battle because he's he wants us, his children, his bride, to have the character to take the sword of the word and to kick the devil out of our lives. You don't need a perfect child to have peace in your home. You don't need a perfect parent in your home to have peace. What you need is a perfect God living inside your heart. That's what you need. Proverbs 11:12 says, "He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbor, but a man of understanding holdeth his peace. A tailbearer revealth secrets, but he that is of a faithful spirit, he concealth a matter. You know, the nature of God is not God's going to tell me everybody else is bad. That is not the nature of God. The nature of God is going to deal with individually. We humble ourselves before God. We deal with situations and then he conceals it. Right? It's under the blood. We move forward. That's the proper way. We don't want to be on the devil's side and be a tail bear bearer talk about people's problems. We don't need talkers. We need helpers. We need peace. Blessed are the peacemakers. It doesn't say blessed are the tailbears. The peacemakers. All right. Turn with me to Philippians chapter 4. Because if we don't hurry, you know what's going to happen? Philippians chapter 4. We can't talk about peace without trying to get this scripture in here because it's not we're already talking about peace, but we're already talking about creating being a creator of peace. Because sometimes things are just in turmoil and we want the peace of God, but the only way we know to get it is by manipulating certain sit situations or just standing there and wish somebody would do it for you. But I'm telling you, we all have the power of God in our life. We all can create peace. Philippians 4:6, be careful for nothing. Just follow this recipe. But in everything by prayer and supplication, and don't forget to be thankful with thanksgiving, let all your requests be made known unto God. Just bring it to God in prayer. But don't don't come to them with a complaint list, a bucket. You literally got to say, "God, thank you for taking care of this situation. I believe in you. I believe that you you care about me. And if you do this, the Bible declares, "The peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." That's why I would not trade the peace of God for anything because it even passes understanding when something happens in our life and we don't understand why it happened. We can have peace. We don't need to understand why it happened. You know, God doesn't tell us what he he doesn't tell us everything. I think the prophet said that God didn't tell him everything. That's what makes him so beautiful. He's God. He don't owe us anything. We owe him everything. Amen. &gt;&gt; But he gave us something that is so much richer than why &gt;&gt; which is a peace that you don't need to know the why. A peace that passes all understanding. Praise his holy name today. Finally, brethren, finally, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of a good report, if there be any strength, if there be any praise, then you can think on these things. &gt;&gt; But if it doesn't pass the recipe test, don't think on it because it's going to bring turmoil into your life. And once the devil starts stirring up your mind, watch out. How many has has has said this? I don't like watching those horror movies because they give me uh make me have nightmares at night. Has anybody ever said that? Okay. I don't know if it was maybe Cheryl said I I will not watch Jaws or or the the point that I'm trying to say is what you put in your mind. It's an open door for the devil to use against you. You know how it goes. What watch what you say, what you do say can and will be used against you in a court of law. &gt;&gt; So you got to be careful what you think on. &gt;&gt; If it don't pass the test, get it out of your mind. No fish in here. &gt;&gt; Get behind me, Satan. My mind belongs to God. &gt;&gt; And we've got to be strong to keep our thoughts stayed on him. &gt;&gt; We can't just be lazy in our mind and expect, you know, God to just give us peace. Verse nine, these things, those things which you have both learned and received and heard basically the recipe and seen in me. Do do the recipe and the God of peace shall be with you. How beautiful is that? Peace I leave with you. My peace I give unto you. wouldn't trade it for anything. Just want to quote this last verse here. It's in Psalms 122:6. Just speaking again about the the God of peace. It says, "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem. Pray for the peace of Jerusalem. They shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls and prosperity within thy palaces. God, if we simply use this recipe and care about God's people, the Jews, that God promised that there would be peace in your own home. I believe in the peace of the Gentiles, too. I think one of the kind of a personal testimony. I think one of the things that have blessed me a lot is when people would come in our home, in our house, and they would say, "It's feels so peaceful in here. There's something about the atmosphere that you create and I'll say it. It starts like this. It starts in your heart by believing. If you believe in your heart, your mind will think it. Your thoughts will be thoughts of peace. Your actions, your behavior will be actions of peace. Your behavior will be behavior of peace. And your home will become a home of peace. And then you bring that home to the church because all we are is a combination of all of our homes. We're a combination of all of our homes. and and and and God has told us to come together, pray one for another. Don't have the isms and schisms and all the things of the negativity about somebody in the church. We ought to be far enough along in Christ to know how to help somebody. If we don't, I think we got to get back on our knees and get back to the first principles of believing in Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's stand together. We can create peace for our lives. It doesn't matter what anybody else does to us, we can create a peaceful life for oursel. Just follow the recipe for the peace of God and be a peacemaker. It is that simple. We just have to believe it. Amen. Let's sing that course. There's a peace in knowing. There's a peace in knowing. There's a peace in knowing that the wind is blowing a mighty rushing wind from up above. Oh holy spirit descend like a dove and abide today in my soul. [Music] There's a peace in knowing that the wind is blowing. A mighty rushing wind from up above. Oh, Holy Spirit descend like a dove and abide today in my soul. Amen. Is that your desire? &gt;&gt; Amen. Every day to have the peace of God. You You're very rich. You're very rich. Amen. And let's sing. He is our peace. He is our peace. Peace. Who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. He is our peace who has broken down every wall. [Music] He is our peace. He is our peace. [Music] Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. He is our peace. who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. He is our peace. Who has broken down every wall. [Music] He is our peace. He is our peace. What do we do? Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. [Music] The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. All life's frustrations. I need you. I know I do. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. [Music] In all life's frustrations, we need you. We know we do. For the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Let's just sing it one more time before we go in prayer. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. In all life's frustrations, I need you. I know I do. For the only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Our heavenly father, thank you for being our peace. Lord, thank you for leaving us peace. Thank you, Lord, for leaving us the recipe to get more peace in our life. Lord, thank you for blessing us because you said, "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." Lord, we want to thank you today for the peace that you have put in our heart. That we that our sins have been forgiven. That we've been washed in the blood. That Lord that he which have begun a good work in us is going to finish it. Lord, we thank you. We thank you for the peace of God. We thank you that Lord that you have given us the faith to claim what the peace that you have for us. The peace that you left for us. There wasn't one child of God that you didn't leave peace for them. You told your disciples that there's going to be tribulation when you left, but you said, "Be of good cheer. I have overcome and I'm going to be inside of you and you're going to be overcomers, too." Lord, I pray we pray for every heart that needs peace tonight. Lord, we think of our sister Donna. We think, Lord, that you have a peace that's just special for her. Lord, we pray that it would fill her heart and her mind and that when all sorts of tormenting thoughts come, I pray, Father, we pray together, Father, that the peace of God would ru and rain inside. Grant it, Lord. Father, I pray for our homes here, our our our our our parents, our children, those Lord that have been battling and having a hard time finding peace in their situations. I pray we pray for those hearts, Lord. Those precious hearts that that deserve the peace of God because they are the children of God. Lord Jesus, may it become aresh to them. May they stand with a renewed faith and claim peace for their lives, peace for their family, peace for their homes. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Oh, we love you and we thank you for the very peace that you have left for all of us. &gt;&gt; Lord, we commit our lives into your hands and give you praise and honor for all of it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just thank the Lord for his peace. Thank you Jesus.
