################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-07 - 12.7.25 - The Image Of Jesus Christ - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-07
Title:    12.7.25 - The Image Of Jesus Christ - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2T9nTZ-12c
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
everything to God in prayer. Oh, what peace we often forfeit. Oh, what needless pain we bear. All because we do not care to God in prayer. Have we trials and temptations? [singing] Is there trouble anywhere? We should never be discouraged. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Can we find a friend so faithful who with all our sorrow share? Jesus knows our every weakness take it to the Lord in prayer. Are we weak and heavy laden? Come with a load of care. Preious Savior, still our reuge, take it to the Lord in prayer. Do thy friends despise forsake thee? Take it to the Lord in prayer. In his arms he'll take and shield thee. Thou will find a soulless there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Uh number 79. Sweep over my soul. [clears throat] Amen. You know what a beautiful thing. If you've ever, you know, and I'm assuming you've been there, but when he sweeps over your soul, you know, there's, you know, people try to explain it and you really can't explain it, right? Amen. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. My heart [singing] is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Amen. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. [singing] My rest is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Amen. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. My rest is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. [singing] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing uh we are standing on holy ground. Amen. That's 3:31. Amen. We are standing [singing] on holy ground and I know that there are angels all around. [singing] Let us praise Jesus. Now [singing] we are standing in his presence on holy ground. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there [singing] are angels all around. Let us praise Jesus. Now I know that there [singing] are angels all in his presence on hold. Let us praise Jesus. Now [singing] I know that there are angels all in his presence on hold. Let us praise Jesus. Now I know that there [singing] are angels all in his presence on hold. Let us praise [singing] Jesus. Now I know that there are angels all in his [singing] presence on hold. Let us praise Jesus. Now I know that there are angels [singing] all in his presence on hold. Let us praise [singing] Jesus. Now I know that there are angels in his presence. Let us pray. [singing and music] Jesus now. Jesus now. Jonathan for Gabriel. She is homesick. Needs God's touch. Amen. We all needs God's touch, you know, in one way or another, whether it's spiritual or physical. And you know, sometimes you say, "Well, I'm all right." Yeah. You ain't all right until you're on the other side. So, let's just keep praying for not only ourselves, but one another. Amen. Amen. Also, as I said earlier, let's just please remember brother Dennis. He called this morning and asked us to remember him in prayer. He was on his way to the hospital with prostrate problems. Amen. So, you know, he's the soldier of the cross. So, let's just uh we get many scars when we become a soldier of Christ. So, let's just remember him in prayer. Amen. Also, our sister Linda Helms requests prayer for her band that wouldn't start this morning. Amen. Amen. And uh for shortness of breath and trouble with her ear. Amen. Also prayer for Mike who has bronchitis. Amen. So let's just uh remember our sister Lynon and also our brother Mike uh that God would not only heal him physically but spiritually. Amen. And also our sister Cheryl. Please pray for my brother Jeff. He is having surgery tomorrow for cancer. Also, please continue prayer for my dad. He is still in a lot of pain. Thank you. Amen. So many needs. Amen. And that's just to mention a few. Let's just remember brother Bill Bailey that's with his cancer and also our sister Elizabeth Murphy. Amen. For her her trials. And uh let's remember our sister Donna. She's Um, you know, sometimes we can forget when people aren't with us, but it doesn't mean that their issues go away. Amen. So, let's just keep lifting her up. And we're so thankful to see our sister Lyn Beck back with us. And we pray that surgery went well and uh it's good to be assembled with the h the saints of God in his house this morning. Amen. Let's just stand. If there's somebody that the Lord puts on your heart, just lift them up before the Lord this morning. Just let's go on one accord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you this morning, Lord truly, Lord, uh a trial, Lord, but we're so thankful, Lord, that when we push through these trials, Lord, you're faithful. Faithful to see us through, Lord. faithful to bless us, Lord, as we endure, Lord. And Lord, as we know, Lord, this battle's not over till the end. So, we're so thankful, Lord, that we have a place of refuge that we can go, Lord. Lord, we just pray a blessing on all those that would need it this morning. Whether it be health, Lord, whether it be a spiritual need, you are capable of meeting every need that we would ever have. So we're thankful, Lord, that we have one to go to this morning. Lord, we as we assemble together this morning, Lord, we just pray that your spirit would just fall upon your people that Lord, they could just feel your presence this morning and your touch, your healing hand, Lord, upon those that are needing needing it. Lord, watch over our brother Dennis as he's by himself in the hospital. Lord, also for our sister Cheryl's uh brother, Lord, and her dad, for sister Linda, for brother Mike, Lord, for all all those, for sister Gabriel, Lord, for all those that would have a need this morning and would uh Lord, just desire to be with us but can't, Lord. Lord, we just uh love you. We praise you, Lord. We give you all the glory, Lord, because you're worthy of all the things that we could ever imagine. We thank you Lord in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Lord we ask you now to just prepare our hearts to receive the word Lord the engrafted word. Lord the word that's going to we're going to be judged by Lord. Let us take it into our hearts Lord. Lord we pray that you be with brother John as he studies and prepares his heart. Lord deliver your word in Jesus name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amazing grace. Amen. Aren't you thankful for his grace? Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wrench like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but [singing] now I see. That's number two in your book. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and fears my fears. Relieved. [singing] How preious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. [singing] Too many dangerous stils and [singing] snares I have already become. His grace have brought me safe thus far. And grace will lead me home when we've been there 10,000 years. Bright shineing as the sun. We've no less days to sing God's praise than when we first begun. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. We wouldn't be anywhere without grace. And I pray his grace abounds in your life. Amen. Let's just stand as we Amen. go and offer up. Brother uh brother Orlando, can you just uh pray for the offerings, the tithes? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Let's just sing uh Oh, come let us adore him. Amen. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore [singing] in Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore [singing] in Christ the Lord. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. [singing] Christ the Lord. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore in Christ the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a day that'll be. 204. Amen. Hallelujah. Are you looking for that day? Hallelujah. You know, we need to look. We need to be looking forward to something because if you're not, then you don't have a vision. There is coming [singing] a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears that dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Hallelujah. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, a glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no pain, no more parting over there. And forever I will be when the one who died for me. What a day, a glorious day that will be. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes [singing] me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a day that will be. You know, we work all our life to save enough money to retire, but we also work all our life for the Lord to get the reward. What a day it will be. Amen. Let's just stand as we get ready to change the order of service. Amen. And as our brother John comes up, let's just sing onlyly believe because it all it all stems on your belief. Only [singing] believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I receive. [singing] All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, [singing] I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Amen. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus [singing] is here. Hallelujah. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Amen. Only believe. [singing] Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. [singing] or is the same yesterday, today and forever. So we come with our our triumph this morning believing the word of God for our lives. Amen. Um this morning, brother Ron had just made mention about that we need to have a some vision that we're looking forward to. And um I pray that this service this morning would help us to see our vision that we need for the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. It's good to see everyone here this morning and weathering uh our maybe not the best roads and maybe circumstances at home or maybe our health and you you pressed in. God bless you for that. And my prayer is that you would really truly receive something from Jesus Christ. Amen. That's why we're here is to to meet with him and to receive from him. Let's look to the Lord in a word of prayer. We'll get into the word. Father, Lord, creator of heaven and earth. We know who we are approaching when we come to you in prayer. And Lord, we're we're unworthy. We pray Lord that your blood would cover us our sins. Lord, we want to set aside the flesh at this time and we want to yield our spirit and our souls to you. We pray, Lord, that you'd remove every every doubt, every unbelief, anything that would stand in the way from us hearing your voice, knock it on our heart, and then from us saying, "Yes, Lord, we want to walk with you in this light." We pray Lord that you would bless each one of us now with ears to hear and a revelation uh to uh see your church built inside of our lives that we might become more in your image. pray that you would be with these that are sick and afflicted, those that could not make it, Lord, those that are have uh needs, Lord, that only you are capable of meeting. We pray that you would stretch forth your mighty hand in their behalf, Lord, that they may have victory. We pray. Bless us now, Lord, as we enter into the word. May we all feel your presence, feel you stalking to us as if we were the only one in the service with you. We love you and we thank you for these things now. We give you praise and honor in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's turn in our Bibles to the book of Hebrews. I was going to try to um administer with the brace off today, but I got a doctor's appointment tomorrow. I'm going to see what he'll let me do because I know I'm cheating a little bit already. Brother, Brother Marty's correcting me and I need that first three verses here in the book of Hebrews chapter 1. God, who in at sunder times and in diverse manner spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, have in these last days spoken unto us by his son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds, who being in the brightness of God's glory, and in the express image of God's person and upholding all things by the word of his power when he had made himself purged our sins when he him had by himself purged our sins sat down at the right hand of the majesty on high. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. May God add the blessings to the reading of the word today. For Jesus Christ is the very same image of our heavenly father. For Jesus, the Bible says, is the express image of God's person. We want to put a title to this, the image of Jesus Christ. So, we just want to focus on, you know, we've been blessed to really understand the Godhead. And without this message, I don't think we we thoroughly could because there's so many scriptures in the Bible that it makes it look like there's two gods or there's a, you know, a higher God and a lesser God and somehow one created all things even though he wasn't born yet. I mean it can really become confusing but when we uh have a revelation from above we take the word for what it says that they are one and we got scripture for that. We kind of want to go through that and so we're going to go kind of speedy lay a foundation here. Colossians 1 chapter 13 says, "God has delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son in whom we have redemption through his blood and forgiveness of sins who is in who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature." The image. Now, if I was to ask you to pull out your driver's license, on that there would be a picture of you. That picture would be the image of who you are in in picture form. But we understand in this image, we're referring to the very nature of God, the invisible God, &gt;&gt; who was seen in Jesus Christ. And the Bible says, "For by him all things were all things were all things created that are in heaven, that are earth, visible and invisible, whether there be thrones or dominions, principalities, powers, all things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things. And by him all things consist." It's like we can't live without God. &gt;&gt; And he is the head of the body, the church, which is us. He's our head. who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he wants to have the preeminence. We can't get away from it. He has to have the preeminence in our life. For it pleased the father that in Jesus Christ should all fullness dwell. Showing again that he is the very image of God. If we want to know who God really is, we won't find him outside of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ expresses who really the invisible God is. &gt;&gt; 1 Timothy 3:16, for without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifested in the flesh. Not he birthed a child. You know, you think about this. We have children. They don't always reflect us. In fact, have you ever said, "Well, you're you're just like your dad." And the dad would say, "You're" the father would say, "You're just like your mother." You understand what I'm saying? You're pulling out certain things. &gt;&gt; And it a it isn't what God did. He didn't just birth something that wasn't him. He birthed he he manifested himself in the flesh. It was different person. That's why the because you can't reproduce God if we get time into it. You can't you can't God can't have as it were a an offspring of difference than him. That's why the Jews and the Pharisees had a a hard time accepting that he was the son of God. That that he was they didn't understand it. But as we get into it, um I hope and trust that you'll catch what I'm saying. But the bottom line is that God manifested himself in a body. &gt;&gt; It it wasn't different. It wasn't like he had a million different sperm cells and one came out and it was Jesus Christ. It wasn't like that. &gt;&gt; It it isn't like that. It was God himself. And that's why we can have confidence when we read the scriptures. What Jesus said, it was the word of God. justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, and received up into glory. All right. First John, not first John, but St. John chapter one. In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God. Now, that word word really means Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; which is the word of God. And verse 14, and the word was made flesh, and it dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory, the glory of the one and only begotten of the father, full of grace and in [snorts] truth. Just just laying some scriptural foundations that uh God and Jesus are the same. St. John 3:16, we all know this scripture. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. I believe that Isaiah chapter 9:6 kind of interprets the the fullness of what it means the only begotten son here it says in Isaiah 9:6 for unto us a child is born unto us a son is given and the government shall be upon his shoulders and his name shall be called wonderful counselor the mighty God this son shall be called the everlasting father okay we don't got the scriptures up there. You just you just have to write him down. The prince of peace. Notice this son is called the everlasting father. &gt;&gt; Not the everlasting son, the everlasting father. And he's also the prince of peace. All right. John chapter 10. If you want to turn there real quick, if you got your Bibles, since we we don't have them up on the screen where you just you don't want to take my word for it, you just you read it. You know, you can actually retain more when you read and listen at the same time. But here Jesus is talking in St. John chapter 10 in verse number 30. He says, "I and my father are one." Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him. And Jesus answered them, "Many good works have I showed you from my father. For which of those works do you want to stone me?" And the Jews answered and said, "For a good work. We don't want to stone you. But because you blaspheme that you being a man, you make yourself God." That was their hangup. They They could not see God because of the veil of flesh, &gt;&gt; right? He bled, he sweated, he had headaches. He was just a human being in their sight. But shows that God can live inside of a human flesh. And Jesus answered them, "Is it not written in your law, I said, you are gods? If he called them gods, unto whom the word of God came and the scripture cannot be broken, say ye of him whom the father hath sanctified and said into the world, speaking of himself, thou blasphemist, because I said I am the son of God." Question. If I do not the works of my father, then don't believe me. But if I do, though ye believe not me, because I'm human and I say I'm God, believe me for the works. &gt;&gt; That you may know and believe that the father is in me and I in him. So it's important to pay attention to works. &gt;&gt; Works is a person's life. It is not what they say because Jesus is making an in clear indication here. Do not believe me for what I'm saying. Believe me, for the works that I produce, &gt;&gt; it's it's the life that we live that shows what's on the inside. Can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Jesus said by their fruit. You should know them. Therefore, they saw it again. Verse 20 39, therefore they saw it again to take him, but he escaped out of their hand. [laughter] uh just kind of gives you a little picture of what was going on there. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ is the express image of the invisible God. I'm so glad that we can know God. John 14, if you want to turn there, we'll read some scriptures there. John 14, uh chapter 8. I'll give you some time to get your Bibles and open your Bibles to John 14. John 14. Yes, we must take our time and can't rely on the screens. You know, remember there was a day where they didn't have screens and there they were just flat wooden benches and no glass in the windows and the air was going through and you were happy to gather together in that in that room and &gt;&gt; feel the presence of God. John 14:8 says, "Philip saith unto him, Lord, show us the Father, and we'll be satisfied." And Jesus saith unto him, "Have I been so long a time with you, and yet thou has not known me, Philillip? He that have seen me has seen the father. Showing that he is the express image of the invisible God. Jesus Christ is the express image of the invisible God. God made himself known through Jesus Christ. And if you want to know God, you'll have to know God through the life that was manifested through Jesus Christ. It can't be through us figuring out books, reading books, listening to other people's opinions. We we got to ourselves getting to know who Jesus Christ is. Jesus said, "No man can come to the father but by me. He is the way to understand who God is." Jesus said upon this rock, this rock where the father reveals to us who Jesus Christ is that he will build his church. All right. Verse 10. St. John 14:10. Believest thou not that I am in the father and the father in me? Question mark. The words that I speak unto you, I speak not to myself, but the father that dwelleth in me. He doeth the works. believe me and that believe me that I am in the father and the father in me or else believe me for the very work's sake. So here he goes is a different chapter four chapters later and he's saying the same thing. Look at my life. Look at my life. It tells you who I belong to. &gt;&gt; Who is manifested their self inside of me? We want to use this verse, this this verse here, this verse 12. And when we're trying to express the image of Jesus Christ, verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works shall he do, because I go unto my father. And Jesus only lived to 33. Think about that. If we're older than 33, we've lived longer than Jesus, which to whom much is given, much is required, more works, more in quantity. Brother Brandon would often quote this scripture for a couple reasons. He was trying to get the people to recognize that God was amongst them. &gt;&gt; And that God is alive. He's a well. And number two, that God inside of us will create the same life. Hebrews 13:8, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. All right. St. John chapter 17 verse 20. Now we're coming into this part where God is wanting us to become one in the same image of him. We see that Jesus is in the same image of God. And now God is wanting us to be in the same image of Jesus Christ. If I could say it like this, the prophet would go on to say, he would say, "All that God was, he poured into Christ. All that Christ was, he poured into the church." &gt;&gt; John 17:20, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word." Now that is us. that every that is every one of us because we have read the Bible where they have spoken because Jesus is praying for his disciples. Disciples, you know, wrote the word and we're believing on the word. So he prayed for us to that they all may be one &gt;&gt; as thou Father art in me and I in thee that they also may be one in us &gt;&gt; that the world may believe that thou has sent me. Now notice there's such a oneness here. Now if I was going to say to you I want to be one with you brother Stan. I want us to figure out how we're going to do this next project and I want to be one in that. And we can't agree in being one. But that doesn't mean we're one. &gt;&gt; Being one is of the same spirit, the same mind, the same uh character. It's exactly the same. Uh, there's three that bear witness on earth. I'm sorry I can't quote it right now. It's in John, but I'll just say it like this. To be one with God. It It is not joining a church or saying I'm in the message or or saying I believe that William Brandon was a prophet. It it isn't like your idea what God is. Being one with God is being God. &gt;&gt; It's being God in the flesh. &gt;&gt; It is taking your life and emptying out and saying, God, come inside and manifest yourself. That is what Jesus was praying. &gt;&gt; Verse 22. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. See, she's showing here the very heart desire of Jesus Christ is to be one with the church. I think this is so beautiful. Jesus prayed a prayer for us that we would be one and manifest him through our flesh. That's what needed to be. He's wanting to see his nature manifested through us. In order for that to happen, we've got to die out from our nature. We got to say, "Yes, Lord. I'm going to be one with you. The oneness, it's him inside of us." Brother Brandon preached in a message called the images of Christ. And he took this subject. He says, "What does it take to make a Christian?" He said, "It's not doing the acts of Christianity that makes you a Christian. He said, 'I believe that that being in the image of Christ makes you a Christian. There it is. I believe being in the image of Christ makes you Christian. Not my opinion, not my knowledge, nothing to do about what I am capable of doing. It's all about him living in me. Right? &gt;&gt; I'm now manifesting an image of Christ that makes me Christlike or a Christian. &gt;&gt; He says it's not what we do outwardly. It's what happens inwardly that makes us what we are. Then therefore if he is our image and we are his we are in his likeness and members of his body we should be images like him. Then our lives should reflect the image of Christ. Not in our joining the church or in our packing a crucifix or our emotions, but it should be in the living presence of the living God that's reflected through our lives. Now, there's only one way to get that and that's when the Holy Spirit has its way inside of our life. It takes the very life of God. Only Christ can manifest Christ. There's a lot of people can can mimic it, fake it, pretend it, but only Christ can bear Christ. Amen. We got one amen out of that one. [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. Romans chapter 8. This is familiar scripture. We've read it many times, but it should be part of our our our vision. As brother Ron was saying, our vision, what we're what we're looking forward to. Romans 8 8:28 says, "For we know that all things work together for the good to them that love God, &gt;&gt; to them who are called according to his purpose." Now, I wonder what that purpose is. Well, it's to be one. We just read to be one. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Think about that. His prayer is his purpose is for us to become one, to become conformed into his image. That is where God is at. We can go home. We can leave church. We can get involved with the things of this world. And we can forget all about God's purpose. Well, I'm telling you, you have no promise that all things work together for the good. &gt;&gt; Here's the thing. No matter what happens, God is coming back for a bride that's just like him. &gt;&gt; And it doesn't God will not gift that to us. It's something that you've got to be willing to say, "My nature is worth dying out for to get his. I'm I'm I'm worth dying daily that I could see Jesus more manifested in my life. &gt;&gt; See, the denominational belief is, hey, if you speak in tong, you got the Holy Ghost, great. You're going in or something like that. But God says you, there's no scripture for these in the Bible, but we do have scriptures to become in his image. And that is what really God is requiring. So he says in verse 30, "Moreover, whom he did predestinate, he also called. And to whom he called, them he justified, to whom he justified, them he also glorified." What are we going to say to these things? If God before us, who can be against us. So God has already said yes, it's going to happen. We just got to believe it. Now, I love this next verse. 32. He that spared not his own son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things? All things all things to be in his image. In other words, we should never doubt. We should never question that we're going to be just like Jesus. &gt;&gt; If God's for us, it's going to happen. Alls we got to do is be for God. [laughter] Amen. First John chapter 3:1, "Beloved, what manner of love the Father have bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God. Therefore the world knoweth us not because it knew him not. Imagine this that Jesus Christ walked the earth but he was hid from everybody. He came to his own. His own received him not. They were they were blinded. But yet he was God manifested in the flesh. And it you know and the prophet taught us is because they had their own way of thinking of how they thought God would be. remember he come in on a red carpet and say I am here not not going to come born in a manger and but God is so humble that's what people don't realize God is able to create the whole universe and never have an ounce of pride in him &gt;&gt; humble himself to where we need to be careful because we could be entertaining strangers unawares God could be right in our midst and we we'd miss it because God is so humble. It didn't know him. Jesus said, "The kingdom of God cometh not with observation." You know, many people go to services and they look at a service of what happens on the outside and dictate whether it's a good service or not. &gt;&gt; It's about observation. It's about what what how the spirit is moving outwardly in the flesh. Well, I'm telling you, there wasn't a whole lot of sensation that Mary had when she birthed Jesus. You know, it's really what's happening on the inside of us. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said it wouldn't be a public show. It's all about the character of God in our human bodies. Verse two, beloved, now are we the sons of God. And it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we're going to be just like him, for we shall see him as he is. In other words, he's coming back for himself. He's coming back for his bride, which is in him. He took a part of it out when he created Adam and Eve, and now he's coming back for that same bride manifested through Satan's Eden. Amen. Now, it's not our bodies that's going to be just like him. It's going to be our spirit. It's going to be our character. That's what it's going to be. And every man that has this hope in him purifith himself even as he is pure. This is this is where we have a chance to become like Christ. Every man that has this hope of being like Christ knows that there is a process. There's a process to becoming like Christ. Sitting in church does not make you Christian because you can sit in the barn and become a goat or a chicken or a horse. So there is a process &gt;&gt; and the process has nothing to do with sitting in church. It has to do with being in his presence when you're in church &gt;&gt; and to receiving the revelation of his word so you can able manifest it. It's not a gift. It's not gifted to believers. But we must go through a process to obtain his character. And every man that has this hope in him purifies himself. There's something that he's doing. I'm sure you've all spent time purifying something, right? Either cooking cooking something with hot water or getting alcohol. And we've all spent time, we understand what it means to purify itself. There's an action that takes place to get it in a in a place that I I I mean there is probably times that all of us have been guilty of picking up a fork, a spoon, a knife that wasn't completely washed and using it sometime in our life, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Well, there's no way when I wanted to go have surgery that I wanted the same utensils used on the last guy being used on me. and and and God does not want our nature in heaven. He doesn't it's [clears throat] it's emnity. He he doesn't like our nature. We were born in sin shaped iniquity. He hates my ideas. He hates my opinions. What he wants me is to love being what he wants me to be because he's God, not me. He's the potter. I'm the clay. Brother Brandon would go on to say that God's character can only be built through trials. Character's only chance of being built is when we're going through a trial. Now, that trial can happen right here in church. When the word is being presented to you, God provides us an opportunity to build character through trials. And that's it. Because why is that? Why why did he choose that? Because the nature we were born with has to die. That's I mean if you just just Jesus said you must be born again &gt;&gt; because this the nature that you have does not want to submit to my word. It it's emnity. It's emnity. God's is emnity in our flesh's enmity with God. We don't. If you think about it, every one of us that came to Christ didn't really want to surrender when we came. &gt;&gt; We fought it. We fought that thing &gt;&gt; because we wanted to do it our way, the Frank Sinatra way. &gt;&gt; And and and Jesus said, "You must be born. That thing must go because that thing cannot be tamed. &gt;&gt; That thing cannot be controlled. that thing cannot be uh used to fit in. God hates it. So, we must die out. And it takes a a trial to where we come up right to right to our our our place where we have to make a decision. Surrender to God or bulldoze our way through just doing what we want to do. And that's the way the world does it. They really don't care about God's way. They don't care about what God's speaking to them, what God's trying to say to them, what character needs to be changed. They just want to fix the problem, get it out of the way, and go on with life. And that's how the world works. And then you've got so-called nominal worldly Christians who just uh try to find some way to halfway go through that process. But the bride understands that God is in control of their life. and and that she submits herself to God in those trials. [snorts] &gt;&gt; And it's through that process of surrendering. Yeah, you feel like nothing, right? You feel like you're just flat out nothing when it happens, but something is being built inside of you that's much more precious than gold. &gt;&gt; Character is built on the inside. &gt;&gt; It happens. If I could say this, it happens in our heart and not our head. That's why you can't study to be a Christian, right? You can't become born again through knowledge, you know, off the tree of knowledge. It puffs you up. It makes you feel you're something when you're not. And and in your heart, there's where your humility is at. &gt;&gt; But it starts there. And then you become humble in your mind. it it controls it. All right. I got some quotes to read if it's okay. And and since you're not going anywhere today, you know what I'm saying? You know what I'm gonna say. I'm just going to take my time. &gt;&gt; In the messages of the uh Thorian, no, Thotarian church age. Brother Ram said, "Now faithfulness and patience go together." Think about that. Faithfulness and patience, they go together. In fact, patience is the outcome of faithfulness. Think about that. If you ever want to have patience and we say, "Well, you ask for patience, you're asking for trials, right?" But brother Brandham's saying here, it's faithfulness that brings trials. But it's like this, you have to be faithful through the trial and that will bring about your um your patience. For it says, "The trying of your faith workketh patience." There's absolutely no other way in which to gain patience. It has to come by the trial of our faith. Tribulation workketh patience. How highly God regards this outward outworking of our patience is seen in James 14 uh chapter 1 verse4. But let patience have her perfect work that you may be perfect and entire lacking nothing. God's will for us is perfection. He said and that perfection is patience. Waiting on God, waiting for God. This is the process of character development. Now I got a glimpse of how I can become in the image of Christ because with this is the process. You you can't go to school and study how to become like Jesus. You can't go to college. You can't go to seminary. You can't Google it. It's going through the process. And the Bible tells us the process. In the Leoian church age, brother says, "Listen to me." Naked physically we came into this world and naked spiritually we will not leave it. Oh no, we're going to take something with us. What that something is is all we can take with us. Nothing less and nothing more. So we have better be real careful now to see that we can take something that will make us right before God. Notice not we saying we accepted Jesus Christ when we on the earth. That doesn't make us right with God. Getting baptized, joining a church. I'm sorry. That doesn't make us right with God. Brother Brandham says we have to take something with us to make us right. We can't take that. Baptism is just an an outward expression of something we're claiming is going on on the inside of us. But our life, if our life don't follow up with what we what we confessed in that water baptism, then brother Brandham says we just come up a dry sinner. I mean a wet sinner. &gt;&gt; So then what will he take? What will we take with us? question mark. We will take our character, brother. That is what we will take with us. Now, what kind of character will you take with you? Will it be like his, speaking of Jesus Christ, whose character was molded by suffering in the fiery furnace of affliction? Or will it be the softness of this characterless characterless Leodysian people? He says it's up to each one of us for in that day every man will bear his own burden. You know, some people can't bear a burden. They can't pay the price. They they don't want to die out. They don't want to crucify their flesh. Their their burden is too heavy. I I can't do this. Lord, uh take this cup away from me. But then you've got the other group that says, "Nevertheless, not my will, thy will be done." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And they're willing to bear the the the cross, to pick up the cross and follow him. Praise God. How many's happy this morning? &gt;&gt; I'm happy in Jesus. Revelation 3:18, Jesus speaking here to us, the church. He says, "I counsel you to buy of me gold. I've got what it takes. Tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich in white raignant that the and that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thy eyes with eyes that thou mayest see. Now notice what he's saying here. Brother Brandham says you got to make sure you take something with you that'll make you right before God when you get there. And Jesus is saying here, you've got to buy me gold. What is he referring to? Deity. That's his own life. that that's the only thing that'll be acceptable on the other side is the character of Jesus Christ. Now, if if God's character could be manifested in Jesus and Jesus is the same yesterday, today and forever, then we should have faith as his bride to believe that we will manifest Jesus Christ. There is in church age, brother Brand speaking. He says, "But there is a gold of God that the trial of your faith being much more precious than gold that perisheth, the gold of God is a Christlike character produced in the fiery furnace of affliction." That is the right kind of gold. &gt;&gt; So if we're ever going to become in his image, we've got to be paying attention to this furnace. Because usually when people get in a furnace, what's the first thing you want to do is get out. And if you get out before the character has been molded, what happens? What happens? What? Okay, Sister Lynn. Well, all of us bake. I'm just going to pick on you for a second. You make it such a delicious chocolate cake. You get that batter all perfect and you stick it in the oven. What if that cake batter says, "WHOA, IT'S GETTING HOT IN HERE. Let's [clears throat] get this thing out of here." Knocking on the door. Let me out of here. And the cake comes out like five minutes after it's put in. Well, it's not going to be molded into what it was needed to be. &gt;&gt; God knows what he's doing when we're going through trials. We may be saying, "What in the world's going on?" But God is there and he's got something else in mind than what we're thinking about. Same church age brother Ram said think it quoting the scripture think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which are to try you. He said that is what Peter said it's a and he then he says is it strange asking a question. Is it strange that God wants to develop a Christlike character that comes through suffering? That's what brother Brandham's asking the church here. Is it strange? He says, "No, sir. And we all have trials. We are all tried and chasened as sons. Not one but goes through that. The church that is not suffering, listen to this, the church that is not suffering and is not being tried hasn't got it." He said, "It isn't of God." Trials in a church do not bother me. &gt;&gt; God is trying to develop character. &gt;&gt; You know, a lot of people all they can do is murmur and complain about a problem in a church. And brother and and and brother Brandham is saying he says if if we're doing that, God is not in it. No, God is looking for somebody to step up and help the church, &gt;&gt; help the body. Anybody somehow today something happened, we slipped and we cut oursel and you're bleeding. There's no doubt that every one of us is going to pay some attention to that. We're going to go, "Oo, I got to get to the bathroom. I got to wipe this off. I got to get a band-aid. I got to do something." You want to take care of it. Why? Because you're hurting. You're bleeding. &gt;&gt; Can it get through your clothes? Whatever. Well, look, when there's somebody in the body of the church &gt;&gt; that's bleeding, that's hurting, that there's a need. If you're part of the body, you care about that. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now understand there have been people that come and go in this church. This church would not be big enough if we did it three times bigger to hold the people that have come and gone. And there are people who just come in periodically once in a while. But I am talking about who the body is. There's a big difference. Brother Brandham said it like this in the church order. Someone who comes to church faithfully for two years, pays your tithes, supports supports the church with your tithes, your offerings, and the pastor. That makes you a member of that church. I mean, there's a big difference between being all in and like I'm not sure. All right. So, let me finish this quote. Brother Brand said Hebrews 12, quoting Hebrews 12 6 and 8. He says, "For whom the Lord loveth, what does he do? chastineth, and he scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. But if you be without chastisement, wherefore all of us are partakers, then you are bastards. You are bastards and not sons. Think about this statement right here. If we don't want to be corrected, then I um you know, we all might as well just follow out all these people that are leaving. [laughter] I'll just take this. I'll just take the notes with me. We'll we'll preach along the way. [laughter] If we if we do not receive correction, all we're saying is I'm not part of God. &gt;&gt; And it's such a a dangerous thing. I want I want us to catch this here. It's in 2 Corinthians chapter 5. I'm sorry. 2 Corinthians chapter 3:15. If you have your Bibles, 2 Corinthians 3:15 says, "But even until this day, when Moses is read from the Bible, the veil is upon their heart." Notice their head. they can maybe figure things out and either uh talk about it in a a way that uh could prove it wrong. But he's saying the reason that is there is because there's a veil in their heart. And Jesus said if this go uh Paul said if this gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost. who who who uh God has God of this evil age has blinded the minds of them that believe not. &gt;&gt; So it all starts in the heart. Verse 16, nevertheless, when it the heart shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. &gt;&gt; And now the Lord is that spirit. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. So what's happening right here? He's coming. We come to church and he knocks on our heart with the word of God. He says, "I would like to come into your heart and have liberty. &gt;&gt; I would like to be in your decision making. I would like to be in that place of where free will uh you have a you choose me with your free will. And if you let him in your heart, then God is in your heart." But do you know how many people say, "God is in my heart." But they don't let him come in their heart. &gt;&gt; That is how deceiving the devil is. &gt;&gt; They say, "Yeah, God's with me. God's in my heart." But they won't let him in. &gt;&gt; So now the Lord is that spirit. Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. But we all with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord are changed into the same image of Jesus Christ from glory to glory even as by the spirit of the Lord. Now trials provide us that opp that that opportunity to be changed. So this scripture is is really twofold if I could say it like this. First of all, you enter into a trial and it's at that time that God is wanting you to surrender to him and let him be manifested in this trial and you have a choice to make. And if God takes if God if you truly give God liberty in your trial, then he's going to manifest himself there. But the scripture is also talking about sitting in church and you're hearing the word of God being preached and you're hearing the word of God and the word of God says you need to do this. You need to start doing that. The preacher could be saying one thing but God is speaking directly to you about something else. And I'm telling you in church there's a lot of trials that are going on. &gt;&gt; And at that point you have got to yield your vessel to God and say God have your way in my life. I want it to be changed. Well, I wanted to be changed now. I want to become more like you. I want to become in your image. &gt;&gt; You know how many people go to church and they put peacock feathers in? &gt;&gt; They want to act a certain way, but then they go home and they just live different. &gt;&gt; We are changed when we give God liberty in the middle of our decision- making. Because when we're not going through a trial, there's not a whole lot of decision- makingaking there, right? It's it's it's through the through the trial and and that's why it's it's it's much more comfortable coming to church and hearing a sermon where you're not challenged. It is it's it's much more comfortable. It's easy to get behind and say, "Amen." And I'm enjoying this and yes, I'm a child of the king and but when we're when we're challenged like brother Brandham challenges us. He really does. He challenges us. It makes us step back and wait a minute. Maybe I need to be doing more. Maybe this is God speaking to me what I need to be doing next. And it's at that point that we begin to change from glory unto glory. Amen. The word is transforming us honestly into the image of Jesus Christ. Romans 12:2 says, "And be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God." So we come to church or we're at home and we're going through a trial, he speaks to us, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen." He says, "Be zealous, therefore, repent." In other words, turn around. Don't say, "I'm sorry." Turn around. Turn the direction and head a different direction. He says, "Behold, I stand at the door and I knock. If any man will hear my voice and open the door, I will come to him and s with him and he and he with me." Think about this. Can you imagine coming to church and not even hearing God speak to you? That would mean that you're not paying attention. That's the only thing that means because God is faithful to him that overcomemeth overcomemeth what their ugly nature will I grant to sit with me on my throne even as I overcame and has sat down with my father in his throne. He that have an ear let him hear what the spirit is seeing. What does Jesus want to come into our heart for? He wants to change our nature. He wants to be he wants us to become one with him. And the what we got to overcome. We got to overcome the the the temptation of not opening the door. The the the temptation of no, I don't want you to come in. We got to overcome that. We said just wing that door open. God, come on into my life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Bam told a story about beating the dross out of the gold. He says before they had the days of the smelter, the Indians and the old uh goldsmith, they used to beat the dross out by getting a hammer and just beating it, beating the gold before they were melting it. They would beat it and beat it and then turn it over and they would beat it and they would keep beating it until the draws or all that wasn't gold was beaten out. And the only way they knew that the draws was all out is when they looked at that gold that they were beating and they could actually see the reflection of himself in it. &gt;&gt; And he said it was so much to the point that they could literally shave like a mirror. He said, brother Brandon says here in the images of Christ, he says that when the Holy Spirit of God begins to beat on us with the gospel hammer until all the things of the world is beaten out and we can reflect the image of the Lord God, then I believe we become Christians. &gt;&gt; That's a lot different than I'm going to get baptized and join a church and uh okay, I'm a Christian. No. That's why I'm so Larry about people that want to get baptized. Why do you want to get baptized? &gt;&gt; Have you Have you truly made the decision to let the gospel beat beat the world out of you? &gt;&gt; Because you know how many times I deal with people that want to get rebaptized? Had that happen just just lately? It's important that you know what decision you're making when you want to get baptized. He says, 'I believe we become Christians for the word Christian means Christlike and to reflect him. Now we don't have to reflect his physical image, the beard and all that. He says, but we must in our souls reflect the spirit, his spirit image and his manner of life. And I believe it's a reflection of Jesus Christ in a human being. For we are his members and members of his body and we bear his image. The scripture says, I think brother B makes it real clear what it means to be a Christian. Now what kind of image was he? He came not to be some great somebody. Yet he was. But he came as a servant. He came not to be ministered to but to minister. Our text tonight reflects what that was. That's what makes him great. Yet being the very God of eternity, the very God who created the heavens and the earth, when he came here, he took the lowest position, the most disdesirable job that anybody could ever had, and that was a footwash flunky. In all the pains of the early days in the oriental world, the footwash flunky was the lowest paid man of all. For in those days, animals walked in the highways and they were by the byways and they went by and along the road it stunk and all the road with the animals and the dust flew up and got on their legs and their feet and such an awful stink it as it was. And as soon as someone would come and visit another, he could not come into the in that manner. He he smelt bad from the stink of the road and the dust and like around a li a livery stable. he says. So the first thing he did, he had to get a little booth and a reception booth and the lowest paid man on the place, just like some slaves, stayed back in there to wash the feet of the guests that was coming and give him another pair of shoes to put on a little sandals to slip on him. And when he was anointed and then with the oil and he come out to be the guest of his friend because he'd feel all out of place going in there so full of stink of the roads and sweaty and so forth. And the footwash flunk he was paid less than any that there was. And the God of heaven humbled himself. The greatest that there was became the lowest that there was. What is brother Brandham showing us here? He's showing us what the real image of God is. &gt;&gt; Because we might have missed that. We might have been looking at the the fishes and the loaves and the walking on the water and and the people getting healed. We might have been looking at that power and missing the nature of Christ. &gt;&gt; What is this representing? By this shall all men know you're my disciples. When you have love one for another, when you can stoop down so low, you just live that life. You can't make people love God, but you can live such a life that represents Christ. Christ did not go around trying to get Judas to make a different decision, right? Didn't try to run after the rich young ruler, make a different decision. He didn't do that. That was not his nature. But his nature was to give an opportunity. But it must go through free more agency. What did he do? What did Jesus do? He laid his garments down and he took a towel and he girded himself and he poured water into a base and began to wash the disciples feet to wipe them with the towel which which he was gerted. In John 13:12, he says, "Afterwards, after he washed the feet of his disciples, he had taken his garment and he sat down and he said unto them, do you know what I just done to you? I washed your feet. Now, do you know what I've done to you?" He says, "You call me Master and Lord, and you say the right thing, for so I am. If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, you ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done unto you. And I just wonder how many times we find ourselves complaining about somebody else instead of going and trying to help that person. Jesus gave us an example. We didn't. The disciples Jesus did not get all the disciples dirty. He didn't say, "Gabe, come on over to my barn. Shove it out your feet and I'm going to wash your feet afterwards." It wasn't like that. It was like they got their own feet dirty. They walked in all the places they walked. They got their hands dirty. And he says, 'You know what? I'm going to wash you up because I love you. I created the heavens, but I'm not too great that I can't wash your feet. I can't I I It's so easy to see pride a million miles away. People can't humble themsel to be real. If you want to know the nature of God, you won't find it outside of humility. He said, "I I am the lofty one, yet I dwell with the humble to them that are broken and contrite. I get real low. I I came I came to seek those that were lost." Can you imagine if Jesus told his disciples, "I want you to go find a person, and all you do, I want you to spend the rest of your life trying to get them to me." That's not what he said. His instructions was, "Go yell and preach it to everybody." Now, I tell you, every single person I have ever known, they do not mind you serving them forever. Whether they're Christian or non-Christian, everybody wants to be served. But God gave us a commission. And it was for the great commission. We need to be thinking about inviting people to church, inviting people to the truth, inviting people to this message. That is our job. And it is is a responsibility not from Pastor John, but from Jesus Christ. He's the one that spoke it. We're ambassadors. That's what happens when you become born again and old things are passed away and behold all things become new. We become ambassadors for Jesus Christ. We now bring other people to the same place we're at. And I wonder sometimes why we're not bringing people to where we're at. Are you with me? It's getting awful quiet in here. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I think God is calling us higher. All right. Philippians chapter 2. Well, the time is up, but you know what? I'm not up because um I'm waiting for the other people come back to church that left. Philippians chapter 2 verse number two. Yes, you bear with me just a little bit. Okay, will you do that? Okay. How you do that is you say amen a lot. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you don't get too quiet on me. say, "I'm hungry for this. I want to hear what you got to say." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I've been praying for this all week. Philippians chapter 2 verse two, speaking here of the very image of Jesus Christ who we are to become. Fulfill ye my joy and be likeminded. Verse two says, "Having the same love, being of one accord and of one mind, let nothing be done through strife or vain glory. But in loneliness of mind, let each esteem the other better than themselves. Our youth had a little bit of this, didn't they? Our our goal as a a a Christian is to become more like Christ, which is to not think about ourselves. Is not to do things through, hey, look at me. Look at me. I'm better. Strife, vain glory, but to actually care about other people. Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. Let this mind be in you which was also in in Christ Jesus. Verse eight, but he made himself of no reputation and took upon him the form of a servant and was made in the likeness of men. And he and he be and being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient to death, even the death of the cross. Now Jesus said the the father doth love me. Why does the father love me? He said because I lay my life down. You want God to love you? Lay your life down for your brothers and sisters. For someone that doesn't know Christ continuing to to read in that images of Christ, brother Ram says, "What a difference of the so-called reflecting Christian today." What a difference. Why the so-called Christian today, he wants to be served. Oh, he begins to think he's somebody. What a difference from it was when he uh when he reflected him. He never come in to be ministered, but he came to minister. Let he that's greatest among you be the servant of all. Brother Bram's quoting. And when he had seen today, and we have seen today that our modern trend of Christianity is I'm somebody and you're nothing. That's what modern Christianity is. Oh, it's a it's wrong. It should not be that way. We're trying to reflect Christianity in the wrong way. God doesn't want us to do it that way. We sang that song to be like Jesus. And when it comes to humbleing our pride and to get down like he did, that's where we draw the line. In other words, we don't give him liberty there. The door is still shut. And in doing so, man has formed denominations. And if I could just say it like this, I don't mean just church denominations, but boundaries between other people. You know, there's a lot of people in this message who have denominations. I'm speaking the truth. They have a denominational spirit. &gt;&gt; They separate themselves from others. &gt;&gt; But they feel comfortable because they're somebody and they got a powerful revelation about the message. It's he says brother Brandon says seemingly having not the spirit as the scriptures say they separate themselves we belong to certain so and so church we belong to this church we belong to that church and our churches is greater he said that doesn't act that doesn't act like Jesus that that doesn't reflect his love and his personality if I could say it like this his character Jesus Jesus said, "A new commandment I give unto you, that you love one another as I have loved you. By this shall all men know you're my disciples, when you have love one for another." God's character is what we are to become. And the only way to become that is to recognize that this is your responsibility. And the only way to get that is to let his spirit to come inside you. We can't we can't act like it. It has to become him. So God is interested in that that personal relationship to where we say, "Jesus, come into my heart. I want to become more one with you. I want to get serious about this. I want to become in your image." Now, we've been predestinated to it. All that was in God, he poured into Christ. God was manifested in the flesh in Jesus Christ and Jesus has prayed for us that we would become one with him and we're I believe the bride the true bride of Jesus Christ is in the process of becoming like Jesus in the same image the same character you know you think about the scripture says if the righteous scarcely make it scarcely I'm tell if there's a fire in here and the last person makes it out. His pants are like singed with fire. I would say he scarcely made it. And if the righteous scarcely make it, what's happened to those who are just flopping around just not really putting their heart into it? They've been deceived thinking that they're okay. And that's the spirit of this age, Leodysa, in need of nothing. And that's the thing that we got to fight. We must go on to perfection. We must look at our life and say, "Am I am I humble? Am I truly humble? Do I have that nature or do I have something rising up inside of me that wants to be um better than others or cut others down or think I don't need this?" I mean, that is what we really need. What we really should be doing. All right, let's stand together. [clears throat] The children of God are going to manifest the true spirit of humility. They're going to exercise agape love. The same love that God loved them with. They're going to exercise it in love. They're going to manifest it. How many wants to manifest that? &gt;&gt; It's my desire, too. I'm right with you. I'm right there. I want to be more like Jesus. Amen. To be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. [singing] On earth. I long to be like him. [singing] All through life's journey from earth to gloryy only to be like him to be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to gloryy I only yes to be like him. Let's sing it again. Make it our prayer. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. on earth. I long to be like him. All through life's joury, I only ask to be like him. [singing] Amen. I hope that desire becomes very burning in our hearts. It's my prayer. Let's sing. I'm so needy, Lord. I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. She all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy, Lord, to be pure within. [singing] I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. Shear all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy Lord to be pure within. Amen. Longing for Jesus. Longing, longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. just to be near him, to feel his presence. [singing] I have a longing in my heart for him. Oh, longing longing for Jesus. I have a longing [singing] in my heart for him. us to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing [singing] in my heart for him. Let's sing it one more time. Express it to him. longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing [singing] in my heart for him, [music] just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Amen. Fill my cup, Lord. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up to you. Amen. Just make love to the Lord today. Create that atmosphere for you and the Lord. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting [singing] of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. He
