################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-20 - 3.19.25 - Position In Christ - Bruce Jackowski - Bruce Jackowski.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-20
Title:   3.19.25 - Position In Christ - Bruce Jackowski
Speaker: Bruce Jackowski
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8E9lSuKIlQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. flow through me. Let's dance together. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift thy hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me, Holy Spirit. Flow through me. One more time. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Amen. Longing for Jesus. longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for [Music] him, just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him just to be near him to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Amen. And how many wants to feel his presence? Amen. Amen. We are the one that invites his presence. Amen. Can I ask brother invite God's presence tonight? You need to let it be. is you brought this church to work on Sunday people coming Amen. And you may be seated. Let's sing. As the deer panteth for the waterbrook. Amen. Hopefully we come with a hunger today. Amen. As the deer panteth for the water so my soul longeth after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king, I want you more than any other. so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can satisfy. You alone are the real joy giver and the apple of my eyes. You alone are my strength, my shield. You alone does my spirit heal. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Let's sing onward, Christian soldiers. Onward. Onward. This is no time to sit. We got to move forward. Amen. Onward. Christian soulers marching as to war. In the cross of Jesus going on before Christ the royal master leads against the fall forward into battle. He his matters go. Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going down before like a mighty army moves the church of God. Brothers, we are treading where the saints have tr. We are not divided. All divine body. We one in hope and do one in charity. Onward Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before. Crowns and thrones may perish. Kingdoms rise and but the church of Jesus constant will remain. Gates of hell can never against that church prevail. We have Christ don't [Music] die. [Music] Perfe Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before onward people join our happy throne. Blend with our voicees in the triumph song. Glory Lord and honor unto Christ the King. is through countless ages. Men and angels sing. Conquered Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of [Music] Jesus going on before. Amen. We have the paton. We have the patan. It's our turn to run the race, right? Amen. We must go on. If we don't finish, then we just disrupt the whole plan of God. We just must move forward. We face the devil every day. That's right. Every day he speaks to us and we must be prepared to put the devil in his place which is get behind me Satan. Amen. Amen. Well, we're going to take up the uh the prayer request at this time. There's one request that was written in from Sister Donna and she said, "Remember brother Johnson. He's in the U of M hospital. Let's remember to pray for him. It was so good to see him here when he was here and he did tell me that he's losing strength. So, let's remember to pray for his strength and whatever the need is there. Also, uh brother Bob Kova Koba is was called into uh called in hospice today. So that is uh obviously not a good sign and more than ever we need to pray for brother Bob Kova. Amen. Let's also remember to pray for the others that have been battling cancer as I know that you have been. Let's just hold them up in prayer today uh as we join together. It's so good to see uh Sister Linda Helms here. There's many prayers that have been gone up in her behalf. And let's pray for the Lord to uh encourage her as she's been going through these um physical uh test. And let's just pray that God would encourage her and that God would bless her her eyesight. Amen. Restore that back to normal. Amen. Let's uh remember all those that are sick and afflicted. Let's remember to pray for brother Mike Helms that God would just strengthen him with his new job and uh all the trials that he he faces that God would just be his portion. Amen. And his encouragement as well. Amen. Let's pray for all of our missionaries. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's uh we don't always we I can say this for surely we do not have all the money that we need to help them. But one thing we do have is we do believe in prayer. Amen. God is able to use our prayers tonight to meet the needs. So let's remember to pray for them. Let's pray for brother Marty and and and brother Ron uh sister Lori um that God would be with them as they're away. And um let's pray for these that want to get baptized. They've been requesting it again. And it's so good to see a hunger there. And let's just pray that when they do get baptized, it is the perfect moment that they're prepared. That's right. And they want to put the past behind them and they want to walk in newness of life. So let's pray for them. Amen. And you know, even after we do that, we have a battle, don't we? That's right. And if we're we're not we're not careful, we can slip back in the old ways. So let's let's stand together. We want to pray for brother Bruce tonight that God would anoint him with the Holy Spirit to give us what we have need of. Amen. I do believe that we there is something for all of us. Amen. Amen. And it's just a matter of being in the spirit with the with God and so we can catch that which is for us. Amen. So let's just go. We'll just unite together and pray for these requests. Our heavenly father, Lord, we want to thank you that you have made it possible that we could be in your house today. Lord, that we could be gathered together with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. God, as we come together as a body of believers, uniting together in faith, we ask, Lord, that you would remember the these uh urgent requests. Lord, we pray that you would remember uh Bob Kova today, Lord, in this late hour, Lord, where hospice is being uh called in. And Lord, that you know the end from the beginning. And we just pray that your Holy Spirit would be there in the midst, Lord. And that your your comfort, your grace, Lord, and all that would be needed, Lord, would be there today, Father, in the days to come. We ask Lord that you would bless his wife. Lord, we just pray that you'd bless those that are laboring Lord to help him. And Lord, we just pray God that you would be Lord there. And Lord, that you'd be with Brother Johnson in the hospital, Lord, that you would uh give the doctors direction and wisdom for him. Lord, we just pray that you'd bless Sister Linda Helms today. Lord, bless bless her in her spirit. Lord, just bless her in her body. Lord, we just ask that you'd meet every need that she would have. We pray that you'd bless Brother Mike Helms, Lord, that you'd lift them up into a heavenly realm today. Just give them victory, Lord, on every side. Lord, we ask that you'd remember each one that is sick and afflicted. That you'd be their portion today. Lord, I ask that you would remember, Lord, every one of the missionaries, Father, that are laboring for you all over the world. Those, Lord, that we're supporting, those that, Lord, we're not supporting. Lord, we just pray that you'd remember each one. Father, we ask that you'd remember um Lord uh those that are away uh vacationing. Pray that you'd remember Ann and Brother Ron and um Lord, Brother Marty and Sister Lori. Just pray that you'd protect them. Give them uh Lord a a good rest for their bodies. Lord, we ask that you remember these that wanting to get baptized, Lord. Father, prepare their hearts, Lord Jesus, for this giant step to bring invite you into their life and to seek you their all the days of their life. Bless them, Lord, that they could just give their all to you, Father, today, Lord, as we getting ready, Lord, to receive the engrafted word today. We just ask your anointing upon Brother Bruce today, Lord. And we ask your anointing upon us today, Father. We just pray that you would be the head of the church, Lord. That you would just take full possession, Lord. Let us let us be able to receive the word that you have for us, Father. We just pray you take control of all of this as we commit it to you in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Before you're seated, we're just going to ask our brother James if he would just ask the blessings on the offering today. Amen. Yes, Lord. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. Let's sing it now as we we just have a few more minutes. Let's give our best worship to the Lord Jesus. Amen. Father in heaven, how we love you, we lift your name in all the earth. May your kingom be established in our praises as your people declare your mighty works. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who reigns forever more. Father in heaven, how we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingdom be established in our praises. as your people declare your mighty works. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty. reigns forever more. Amen. All heaven declares, all heaven declares the glory of the risen Lord. Who can [Music] compare with the beauty of the [Music] Lord forever he will be the lamb upon the throne. I'll gladly bend my [Music] knee to worship you alone. I will proclaim the glory of the risen lamb. who once was lame to reconcile man to God forever. You will [Music] be the lamb upon the throne. I'll gladly bend my knee to worship you alone. All heaven [Music] declares the glory of the risen Lord. [Music] who can compare with the beauty of our Lord forever. He will be the lamb upon the throne. I'll gladly bend my [Music] knee to worship you alone. Let's do it now. I will [Music] proclaim the glory of the risen lamb. Who once was [Music] slain to reconcile man to God. Forever you will be the lamb upon the throne. I'll gladly bend my knee to worship you alone. Amen. What an honor. What an honor to bow before the Lord. You know how many times the devil tricks us up and we end up bowing before the devil when we get mad, upset, and do things to come here and freely bow before the Lord and worship him. What a privilege we have. Amen. Let's sing Beauty for ashes. We're trading all of our negative in for his beauty. Amen. [Music] He gave me beauty for ashes, the old of joy for mourning. The garment of praise for the spirit of heaveness that we might be trees of righteousness. the planning of the Lord that we might be [Music] glorified. He gave a beauty for ashes of joy for morning. a garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that we might trees of righteousness the planning of the Lord that he might be glorified. Then one more time let's trade it in. He gave me beauty for ashes. Yo yo of joy for mourning the garden of praise for the spirit of heaveness that might be trees of righteousness. the planning of the Lord that he might be [Music] glorified. Amen. Did you ever have that spirit of heaviness? We have an open invitation any day, any time to trade it in. Amen. Amen. I love that. Let's sing Blessed Jesus. Let's stand together. Sing this song. Blessed Jesus. Oh, so hot in here. It's so hot in here. I, you know, to be honest with you, I I think it's like perfect. But let's sing it [Music] now. Jesus, come to me. Soothe my soul with songs of peace. As I look to you alone, fill me with your love. Glorious, marvelous grace that rescued me. Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for [Music] me. Oh, you will never let me go by your fountain. Let me drink. Fill my thirsty soul. Glorious, marvelous grace that rescued me. Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for me. Blessed Jesus, come to me. Soothe my soul with songs of peace. As I look to you alone, fill me with your love. [Music] Glorious, marvelous grace that rescued me. Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for me. Mountains high and valleys low. You will never let me go. By your fountain, let me drink. Fill my thirsty soul. Glorious, [Music] marvelous grace that rescued me. Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, we're so thankful for Brother Bruce. So thankful for Brother Bruce. We just we every every service he just brings to us Christ through worship and prepares us for the word and he's just a faithful brother he has been not just in the few time few years that he's been with us five years I'm so sorry I can't remember but brother Bruce has been faithful for so many years as long as I've known him and we're just appreciating him and we're just going to ask him to come and bring us the word of life. Come on, brother Bruce. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Amen. How you doing, Sister Linda? Can you see? I know exactly what you're going through. The other night we were sitting in the basement and and uh Don and I were talking and all of a sudden my my left eye just it just went the color of my jacket just came right across and it I couldn't and it's up to the Lord. I mean Yeah. So I I know I know just exactly what you're going through. Um, if you turn with me this evening to Ephesians chapter 1 for opening scripture, we're thankful to see everyone. We're just going to read verse one and verse two. It says Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints which are are at Ephesus and to the faithful in Christ Jesus. Grace be to you and peace from God our father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, we are grateful, Father, tonight, Lord, that you reached out your hand to us, Lord, and you brought us into your courts. You brought us close to yourself, Lord. There was nothing good that we could do. And we just pray, Father, that you'll just come tonight. You'll cleanse our hearts. You'll cleanse us. And, Father, that you'll come and administer grace and strength to us. Yes, Lord. Lord, may you just bless, Father, Lord, the service. Pray that you'll just break the bread of life to us and that you just give us grace. We need you, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So, uh, the other day I was listening to a message called The Position of a Believer in Christ. Um, it was preached in 1955. there was some really outstanding things in there. Um, but then when I wanted to bring those things, then I ended up looking at some other things. So, I'd like to hope that this helps you. Amen. So, this is the text brother Brandham took out of Ephesians 1. So he says now he's pre he's presenting it to them which are at Ephesus to the faithful in Christ Jesus. Now watch he said this letter that first he was an apostle by the will of God. God called him to be an apostle and he said to those that are in Ephesus in Christ Jesus. And we know that that after Judas had um committed suicide and then Jesus was crucified and he rose from the dead. disciples, they got together and they they prayed and they cast lots. And what more can you do than that? They prayed and they believed that the Lord would would let the lots fall on the one that God had chosen. And the lot fell on Matus. And of course, we know that's the only time we hear about him, right? Because God later on chose Paul. So, brother, so Paul here, he said, so he said he was he was talking he says Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints which are at Ephesus and to the faithful in Christ Jesus. So now just to the whole now see he says today the American version of it is it sent to the whole nation. When people read the book of Ephesus, they say, "Oh, that it's it's to everybody." And he says, and then he says, "Well, people think that it's to a place or to a city or or just to a church." But Paul never only sent it to the church. He sent it to those that were in Christ Jesus. That's what the letter was for. Not for the outsider, but for those in Christ. Amen. And in the original to the faithful in Christ it means in Christ Jesus denoting a fixed position and that is a relationship of rest. So a couple weeks ago when brother Alex was here he preached on on how that the Christians walk is based on rest. But Paul writing here, he said, well, he says this is to the faithful and the believer has to have a fixed position in the body of Christ. You can't be just be flopping around like a fish on the, you know, we're not doing that. Now, if you've got a Scoffield Bible, I always thought this was interesting, so I want to read it again, but Scoffield said, "Indeed, the words to the Ephesians is not even in the best manuscripts." If you go to Colossians 4:16 mentions an epistle written to the Lady Osans, and it has been conjectured that the letter known to us as Ephesians is really a letter to the Lady Oans. probably it was sent to Ephesus and Lady Hosea without even being addressed to any church. The letter then would be to the saints and the faithful in Christ Jesus anywhere. Amen. So, brother Adam said in the message why he says, "So that's one thing that's hurt our Pentecostal move and other moves is somebody trying to be something that they're not. They are trying to impersonate someone else. And you can't do that. You're just what you are. That's all. And when you do that, God then will use you just as where you are. So we are all aspiring and and brother John, you know, preaches that, you know, you're aspiring to a character change. But Jesus said, he said, "What man by a thought can add one foot to his cubid? Can I change my hair color? Can I change the way I look by just by looking at it or anything else? God has to do the work. Amen. So when we brother random said he said so the problem is he says we try to impersonate someone else and a lot of times we're trying to impersonate Jesus Christ. I mean that's what it really he says just be who you are. Don't do that. God will use you. Whatever level you're at, God will use you if you can just trust in him because you're just as important as anybody else. As I said the other night, the little bitty hairspring in a watch is just as important as the main spring because it takes us all together to make time. And when we realize our position in Christ and then abide in that, well, if you're just a little housewife, just stay right there. That's what God wants you to do. See, just be what you are. So, brother Bradom said, "So, now the first thing we want to know is this epistle, would it be essential for us today?" So, let's find out how you get in Christ Jesus. Amen. So, we want to go to 1 Corinthians 12. Praise the Lord. Amen. In 1 Corinthians 12 and verse 12 it says, "For as for as the body is one and hath many members and all the members of that one body being many are one body, so also is Christ. For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body. Whether we be Jew or Gentile, whether we be bond or free, we have been all made to drink into one spirit. Amen. Amen. And brother Brandman questions and answers on on Hebrews, he says he says by one spirit we're all baptized into the body of Christ. Now you all remember that that was the question I was on and now that's found of course in 1 Corinthians 12 when and he asked this person that wrote this question said at that time when we receive the new birth does this take place is is the baptism of the Holy Spirit the new birth or is there a later baptism or is it a filling? Amen. Now, that's quite a question and we could spend the rest of our time right on that and tonight, tomorrow night and so forth and it would cover it would it would take and tie the entire Bible together. Every scripture must properly tie together with every scripture in the Bible. But just trying to make it just as briefly plain as I know how to make it so. No. When you believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, you then have the new birth. When you believe on the Lord, you receive a new thought, a new life, but it isn't the baptism of the Holy Ghost. See, you've got the new birth when you believe. You've got eternal life. It's a gift of God that's given to you through sovereign grace by accepting the gift of God that's given to you. He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath eternal life, has everlasting life. That's the new birth. If you're converted, it means you've turned around. Of course, that's John 5:24. He says, "But the baptism of the Holy Ghost puts you into the body of Christ, subject to the gifts for service." Now, when brother Brennan was preaching this, he spent a lot of times in 1 Corinthians 12. And 1 Corinthians 12 is mainly talking about the gifts of the spirit, but it also talks more about you and me and how we are in the body. So watch, brother Brandham says the baptism of the Holy Spirit puts you into the body of Christ subject to the gifts. And now as far as having eternal life and being a Christian, you are a Christian the moment you believe. Now that's not make believe. That's truly believe on the Lord Jesus and accept him as your personal savior. You are born again right there and have eternal life. God comes to you. So now watch eternal life. Jesus said, "He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath eternal life and shall not come into the judgment, but has passed from death unto life." And this is the next point that he makes is quite outstanding. It's something you really need to listen to. He says, "You're a new creature." Right? Then then Paul had met some of these people up in Acts 19. They had them there a preacher up there that was a converted lawyer by the name of Apollos. And Apollos was a mighty man in the scriptures and he was proving by the scriptures that Jesus was the Christ. See, so he was taking the Old Testament and he was preaching the Old Testament to them and they were hearing the word of God and they were believing that Jesus Christ was the fulfillment of the scriptures and based on that they had the new birth. They they were rejoicing in that. They were cleaning up their lives. They were following the light that they were walking in. But they did not have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They had a preacher up there that was a converted lawyer by the name of Apollos. And Apollos was a mighty man in the scripture. And he was proving by the scriptures that Jesus was the Christ. So he says, now watch, Apollos through the word was proving by the word and faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word. And he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life. You get it? Apollos by the word was proving and these were Christians. They were followers. They were disciples. And Apollos was proving by the word that Jesus was the Christ. And they had great joy and received the word yet knowing only the baptism of John. And when Paul passed through the upper coast of Ephesus, he found these disciples and he asked them this question. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Amen. So often we come so far. We, you know, we we come to a point in our lives where we want to accept Jesus Christ as my personal savior. And you raise your hand. And if you do it with all your heart, that's what brother Brandham said. He said, "You get the new birth and you get eternal life, but the Holy Ghost places you in the body." Now, these people up in the upper coast of Ephesus, they were hearing the word. It was being preached to them and they were believing it and it was changing their lives. It was actually changing their lives, but they were not positionally placed in the body without the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. So he says, "So now when you believe, Jesus said you have eternal life. That's the new birth. That's your conversion. You're changing. But the baptism of the Holy Ghost is the power of God that you're baptized with." Amen. So the question is and this is it's important to know this because there is a lot of other things that you looked at and wondered at all of a sudden they all start lining up and you go ah now I see amen so he said the question is let's answer this just one by one there's three questions by one spirit we are all baptized into the body of Christ well that's correct 1 Corinthians Ians 12 will give the answer to that. All right. And at that time we receive the new birth. This takes place. Does that is that it? That's what they want to know. And he goes, "Well, no. No. By one spirit, we're all baptized into one body." See, that isn't it. When the new birth begins, the new birth begins when you believe on the Lord Jesus. Amen. Now you see there is not one more thing. Now listen what can you do besides believe? What more can you do? So we we have a list of saints believers. So well they're not part of our body but Bob Kov is a Christian. I've sat down and talked with him many times. He he he he makes me walk away and I go, "Wow, I wish I had his faith." But what more can I do for him? What more can we do for sister Linda than pray for her? And watch how brother Brandham talks. We pray for people and we believe, right? If you don't believe, you shouldn't be praying. As a young Christian, that was a scripture that I heard. I read it. I said, "Oh, I'm gonna I'm keeping that." At Lazarus's tomb, Jesus made this statement. He said, "Father, I thank thee that you always hear my prayer." Don't ever think that God doesn't hear your prayers. He always hears your prayer. But what can you do besides believe? What more can you do? You can what what can you do about it any more than just believe? Tell me one thing you can do. There's not one thing that you can do outside of believing. And if anything comes outside of your believing, it isn't an act of you. It's an act of God. So when you pray, you pray believing. And then if God does a miracle, it's God that did the miracle. You didn't do the miracle. That's right. When you listen to the prayer line and brother Brandham, he's talking and before he says, you know, he'll finish his message and he'll be preaching with authority and everything else and then he just kind of stops and he just starts talking and all of a sudden I after you listen to so many tapes, you realize that brother Brandham was so helpless. It was just absolutely helpless. But he only had a promise. He had a promise. If you get the people to believe, I'll come down. But he and he actually tells you, he says, I'm not saying he will, but he always did. He always came. And we want to have that in our lives, right? So, just kind of stick with me. So, there's not one thing that you can do outside of believing. If anything comes outside of your believing, it isn't an act of your own. It's an act of God. Therefore, by one spirit, we are baptized into one body. That's correct. See, the baptism of the Holy Ghost is a different act from the new birth. Unfortunately, we get as far as coming in and and repenting of our sins and getting baptized and the word of God. We start to hear the word of God and we believe the word of God and we rejoice in it and we go ahead and things start getting cleaned up in our lives and everything else, but we forget if you don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're not placed in the body. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Holy Ghost is a different act from the new birth. One is a birth, one is a baptism. One brings you eternal life. The other one gives you power. Now, it gives you power into eternal life. See? To operate. Now, you got it. Okay. All right. So, so let's take a look at a couple things. Let's go to Matthew 7. Amen. So we have to lay a couple of things down before we go to the next part. He says in verse 15, he says, "Be fair, beware of false prophets which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. Now you shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles. Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit, but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. And a good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. Every tree that bringeth not fruit forth good fruit is heuned down and cast into the fire. Wherefore by your fruits you shall know them. We all know these scriptures. We know that. But now let's take a look. So we've we know that we are to judge by fruits, right? We see look kind of fruits. So let's go here to Romans 7. And and there's just hundreds of scriptures, but we just chose just a couple. Romans 7:5 says this, "For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sin which were by the law did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death." How many here are no longer in their flesh? We're stuck here. We are in our flesh. Now, so in the original, it says when we were in the flesh, those sinful passions which were through the law worked in our members to bring forth fruit unto death. So we know that there was a there is fruit that is this sticky. Brother Brandon said it was a sticky old pest house nature that we will not we will never until this body change comes. The truth that when the body change comes, you will no longer be sinful flesh. But you are sinful flesh. You are stuck in it. So let's go to Galatians 5. Amen. Galatians 5 verse 16 says this I say then walk in the spirit and ye shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. What more can you do than believe? You cannot walk in the spirit unless it's God doing the walking. That is the truth. You can believe the word. You can believe that. You can rejoice in that. But you can't walk in the spirit unless God does the walking. Amen. He says because he says walk in the spirit and you shall not fulfill the lust or the desires of the flesh because your flesh is just totally it's unruly. The scripture says so it's unruly. It it no man can conquer it. In James he talks about the tongue being a a a flint of fire and it it causes you know I'm sure all of us have good tongues right? See, but if your tongue ever obeys the word of God, it's not because of you believing. It's because God has gotten control of your tongue. Amen. So watch what he says here. See, he says, so he says, "The flesh lusteth against the spirit." This body doesn't you get this body my my pride and my my intelligence and everything else doesn't want the spirit of God to tell me what to do the truth and the spirit is contrary to the flesh and these are contrary the one to another so that you cannot do the things that you would. Many people have come as far as believing and got to the new birth and drunk of the spirit, but they never can get any farther because they've never come to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They've never come the next step. Because without the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the word of God can't live. It can't come alive. He says, "Because they're contrary one to another, so that you cannot do the things that you would. But if you be led of the spirit, you are not under the law. And the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these." And all of these works, all of these things that he mentions are things that you can do without any effort whatsoever because you're born with them. You're born with it. You're born with adultery. You're born with fornication and uncleanliness and obsliviousness and idolatry and witchcraft and hatred and variance and emulations and wrath and strife, seditions and heresies and envying and murderers and drunkenness and revilings and the such like of which I tell you before as I have told you in the time past that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. So now the question becomes go well well I don't stand a chance. Well if you don't get the bapt well if you believe the word of God brother Brandham said Jesus said you have eternal life. So there's I got something I want to let you think about. So he says, "But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. Everything that's in verse 22 and verse 23, you can do in the flesh. You can do all those things if you believe it. You can have longsuffering. You can try. You can you can say, "Oh, the word tells me I should be long-suffering. I'm going to suffer along with this brother. The word of God tells me I should love my enemy, and I'm going to love my enemy." And you can produce these attributes. You can do that meekness. You can you can make yourself meek. You can do all these things. And he says, "They that are Christs, they have crucified the flesh with the affections and lust." But look what he says. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. Tell me how you can do that. How can you do that? All I can do is believe that that's the most thing that I can bring to God is my belief that he will keep his word. Amen. So, didn't want to do that. Now, my notes got they're about this big right now. There we go. So, now listen carefully. Like what if I'd go out here today and I brought down some of the great northern wines sap apples and I tried them. I tied them into a palm tree and I said now look here. What a fine apple tree I got. Well that's true. There's the tree and there are apples hanging on it but it isn't a product of the tree. Now, brother Brandham claim plainly taught us that Jesus was one tree, the woman was the other tree. And it's not beyond my understanding or we are all trees, every one of us. And we have put on us love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, kindness, and said, "Look, by their fruits, you know them." But brother Brandham says, "Yes, that's true. There's the tree. There's apples hanging on it, but it's not the product of the tree. Amen. It's not the product of the tree. There you are through faith. You could do great things, which is 1 Corinthians 13. You could you could give your body to be burned and it would be a wonderful thing. You could give your you could you could do you could feed the poor. You could do all these things, but it's not a product of the tree. You could do great things, but you're not born again of the spirit of God. All right. Did you know that a little orange tree about that big, about a half inch high, has every orange in it that it'll ever have? Here's something else to think about. When's the last time you went and bought an orange at a grocery store that had seeds in it? We are eating all hybrid oranges and we say, "Wow, this orange really tastes great." But if you open it up, there ain't no seed in it. But I remember when I was in eighth grade in that in school, you'd have a seed. You spit the seed out. But we've so perfected it that the seed's not there and we just we just eat them oranges. I just wonder how many of us have really got the baptism of the Holy Ghost and been placed in the body. So he says, now look, he says, "Did you know that a little orange tree about that big, about a half inch high, has every orange in it that it'll ever have? Is that right? You take that little orange tree and you plant it. And the only thing you have to do then is water it. And that little orange tree has to drink the water. The fruit is not in the water. The fruit is not in the ground. The fruit is in the tree. The fruit is in the tree. And the only thing the tree does is first it's got to be planted and then it has to drink and it has to drink more than its portion. And if you plant and this little tree begins to draw, it will just drink till it can't drink no more. Then it drinks a little bit more than that. And when it does that, it pushes out. We're getting ready for spring. You already see the maple trees. I've already got them tapped. But we're going to have buds pretty soon because the sap is running in the tree and that tree can't do anything else but produce the life of the tree. Amen. And if you plant and this little tree begins to draw, then it pushes out and then it pushes out limbs. Then it pushes out leaves. Then it pushes out oranges, bushes, bushels and bushels and bushels and hundreds of bushels comes out of that tree. So when I think of Galatians 5, I realize that I was born in sin shapen in iniquity. Amen. Right? As long as you live in this body, you will do the works of the flesh. If you believe the word of God, Brother Brandham said, God will honor that and give you the new birth. He will give you eternal life. But you've got to go and get the baptism of the Holy Ghost in order to be placed in the body. You will only be putting peacock feathers. That's all you do because inside you're still just a crow. That's all you are. And you can believe and you can and you can you can manufacture longsuffering and you can manufacture peace and you you can manufacture peace where the inside you're ready to just blow up. The truth and it shows that you've never come to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Brother Benham said when Paul went to the upper coast of Ephesus, he said there were these believers. They were rejoicing in the word of God. They were rejoicing that Jesus had fulfilled the scriptures. They were doing all these things, but they didn't they didn't have power. Once you think about it, we want what we think is power. We want Mark 16 because we think that's power. The disciples had power and not the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. It's the truth. They were elected. God picked them up. He placed them in the body. He took them everywhere. They didn't they couldn't even even when Peter Peter looking at Jesus could not give himself a revelation that that was the Christ. God, brother Brandham, see that's why we read that quote. He said, "What more can you do than believe?" And there's nothing wrong with believing. Not one thing. But he told his disciples, he said, "After I'm gone, go and get the Holy Ghost. Don't do anything else but get the Holy Ghost." Why? Why is the Holy Ghost so important? Because the Holy Ghost gives power to this dead letter to make it live. That's what it does. What is the difference that it makes? Well, the difference it makes is that when you come into life and and maybe you you go to choose a wife or a spouse or anything else, you say, "Oh, you look at the outward appearance or or you look at the personalities and everything else and and you choose you pray and you pray and you cast lots." But if you were born again by the spirit of God and placed in the body, when you start to think about I like a a a mate Abraham, it was already revealed to Abraham that God had a mate for Isaac. God had a mate for Isaac. Isaac didn't choose Rebecca. God chose Rebecca. When you are born again of the spirit of God, your life completely changes. I went and looked today. I I went and looked and yes, I understand that God is a gentleman and that you're a free moral agent. But you know what? The truth of the matter is that when you yield yourself to God, you are no longer your own. That's right. You are now a prisoner of Jesus Christ. He is sitting inside of your control tower. And everything that you do, he will tell you before you do it. Everything, every decision, everything. Amen. The reason people have so much trouble is that they've never been placed in the body of Christ. They've got the new birth. They got salvation. You brother, I can't. No, you're you're messing with my head. All right, let's take a look at an example. I already showed you about the disciples. The disciples could raise the dead. They could heal the sick. They could cast out devils. Jesus said, he said, "I saw Satan being cast out of heaven and they rejoiced." And he said, "No, don't start rejoicing yet. Make sure you go up to Jerusalem, get the Holy Ghost. Get the Holy Ghost because without the Holy Ghost, you cannot live this life. Amen. You'll be just plucking it on. You'll be fasting and praying and saying, "Look at this. I'm an overcomer." And you'll be fasting and praying some more. I'm I'm going to overcome this fle. Let God overcome the flesh. That's what Brother Brandham said. He says, "Don't he said don't try to be something that you're not. Be yourself and let God God created the heavens and the earth. And the scripture says the spirit of God came down and brooded upon the water. We don't let God brood because we got a better idea. We don't let God come down and deal with us because we forgot about going and getting the Holy Ghost. You got to get the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost will live through you. the Holy Ghost. I mean, let's look at Romans 8. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Romans 8:14, it says, "For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God." Amen. Not those that see we are constrained. I've every time I get discouraged and I I think oh Lord you've done left me and I'm I'm all and I go back and I look at this doesn't even make any sense to me. I needed a job and I prayed and God gave me a job. I didn't go and you know it God constrained me. Yes. When Don and I we met and we were we were just in the flesh. We were just kids like everybody else attracted by the outward appearance and we moved in together and we were I mean my everything was scripturally wrong. But one day the Holy Ghost came down and spoke to me said marry her. Yes. And I wasn't even born again. But he told me to marry her. He said, "That's the one. That's the one he chose. I didn't choose her. He chose her. He chose her for me." Do you think all the mistakes you've made because you never got to the baptism of the Holy Ghost? They that are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Not those that can quote the scriptures and tell you how it's all done and everything else. Those that got the control tower on the inside that's saying don't go down there. What this what's the problem here? God will watch over his sons. God will watch over his daughters. He will take you where you need to be. For we have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear. That's what the law was all about. It was fear. I'm not going to make it. I can't do it because I can't keep the law. I can't I can't stop this. I can't stop that. I can't I'm struggling with this. Have you gotten the Holy Ghost since you believed? Let the Holy Ghost take care of those things. Let the Holy Ghost come down in your life and clean them houses. Jesus said, he said, when a man comes in and he cleans the house out, God will clean that house out. He says, "But if you don't fill that house up," he says, "Seven seven worth devils will say, "Hey, look at this place. It's pretty nice. And the first one you'll get is Mr. Religious Spirit." And he's nasty. He's nastier than all the other ones. He says, "But look," he says, 'We haven't received the bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, "Aba, Father, or I adore you." And the spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if we're children, then we're hes of God and joints with Christ. If so be that we suffer with him that we may al be also glorified together. So how does it do it? You say this isn't an adoption. He says glory to God. Hallelujah. Don't bother me. I'm a child of God. And go out and do the things you do. The spirit of God will do the works of God. If you want the works of God in your life, did you get the Holy Ghost since you believed? Have you been placed in the body? Have you been born again? Amen. Brother John, not very long ago, a month or so ago, he preached on the 10 virgins. Think about that. I don't like the idea that five are wise and five are foolish, but we know that the wise had been born again. not only born again but baptized in the Holy Ghost because they had oil in their lamp. And the five foolish, God didn't cast away. Those five foolish that were trying their ever best, they were they they had salvation. They believed in Jesus. They they they did everything that they could do, but they had to give their life to get in. But the five wise don't have to do that because he's already taken my place. Amen. Amen. So he says, "The spirit of God will do the works of God." Jesus said, "He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also." And see, you can't you can't do that. It I you know, it's nice. It's great. It's a great idea. It is. It's a great idea. Your dog dies. It's a great idea. I'll tell you a story. That's not a story. It's true. So, uh, our our third pregnancy, my wife, we had a baby boy. It was still born. Um, it it was bad. It was really bad. And a brother in the church, he he had good intentions and everything else. We were we were still in the the birthing room and Donna was all undone and everything else and I met him outside the door and he said, "Brother Bruce says we're going to pray for the baby and raise it from the dead." That's a great thought. But when it doesn't happen, now you're in a pickle. But if the tree, if you got the tree, the tree cannot divi. Doesn't the scripture say if we are not faithful yet he is faithful he will deny deny himself and he's the word he can't deny the word he can't deny the word you'll stay you'll stay the church will all leave they'll all leave and go about in the world and do whatever but you will stay because you're attached to that thing right it's wonderful to be have the justification and feel Great. That's great. It's wonderful to have that. But it's more better to be born of the spirit of God. It's more better to be baptized in the body of believers. It's better. If this vine comes forth and it produces a bunch of grapes and the next one that comes forth produces a bunch of pumpkins, there's something wrong. You see, because it's a it's a it's a drafted church. It's a drafted vine. It's a drafted or a grafted person. Amen. Amen. Look at First John 3. Amen. First John 3 verse two it says, "Beloved, now are we the sons of God. Today we are sons of God. If you've been baptized into the body, if you haven't been baptized into the body, go get baptized into the body. That's my best advice to you. Don't ever lose focus. Amen. That I have to be baptized with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Don't ever lose that focus. Amen. because you can't live this word. What will happen? God will keep turning the pressure up. Now, if you're if you're predestinated, he will he will turn the pressure up till you pop and then he'll say, "See, come come to me. Come quickly to me." But those that are not, you know, when once that hook you I don't I mean, a lot of you guys are fishermen. I'm not, but I know how it works. You put the hook in the mouth, the fish ain't getting away. And if it's a good hook, he can't even spit it out. I mean, a largemouth bass will try to spit the hook out, but he's he's the believer don't spit out the word of God. And once it's hooked, we just God, the Holy Spirit just reels us. He said, "He's coming." God knows you're coming. Amen. So we don't want to be like that. He says, "So beloved," this is 1 John 3 verse two. He says, "Beloved, now we are the sons of God and it does not yet appear what we shall be because we're stuck in this flesh and emulation is in this flesh. Anger is in this flesh. Don't matter. No matter how much you try, Brother Johnson, at least you expect it. Oh, anger will come roaring his ugly head up. That's right. But if you've been placed in the body and if you've been baptized with the Holy Spirit and he dwells in the control tower of your heart, you will quickly quickly come right back to that word. You will quickly return. You God will not leave you out here alone. That is Jesus. Jesus went, you know, and and he fasted 40 days and and when he got done, the devil come to him. The devil come to him and said, "Ah, you know, if you you and every one of us has been to this trial if you were a real believer, you wouldn't have done that." Yeah. He'll tell you that. Oh, yeah. But see, if God's sitting on the control tower, scriptures will come. Scriptures will come. He said, Jesus said, "Take it no thought." Take no thought when they bring you up before magistrates and different things like that. He says, "Because I will speak right through you." Amen. Amen. Now, we are the sons of God. And it shall and and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. Amen. And every man that hath this hope in himself purifith himself even as he is pure. He's already pure because the Holy Ghost is sitting on the throne of his heart and the Holy Ghost is causing him to purify himself. That's that's what happens. The Holy Ghost will lead you. The Holy Ghost you'll you'll the devil will make little he'll have booby traps and all kinds of things and and he'll do but see God is my strength. God is my strong tower. He's my shield, my buckler. I don't have to put him on. He's here. He's already here. He dwells in here. There's a man that lives in here. That's what a real son and daughter of God is. Is God has come down and dwells inside of them. You don't have to ask him. Really think about it. You you do not everything. Take a glass of water. If I take this bottle of water and I put a teaspoon of salt in it, does the salt only stay in one place? It's evenly distributed in the whole bottle. And when the Holy Ghost comes in you, it's evenly distributed in the whole bottle. It's evenly distributed. Amen. Love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, kindness, peace, all those things, they come in. It's all it's it's all part of the it's brother Brandham said, he says, "What's going, he says, what are we going to need miracles in the millennium for when we're supernatural being?" See, how are we going to need those things? Now, the Bible said, "Now we are the sons of God." Now, now, now is present tense. Now, we are the sons of God. Not that we will be. We are now. We are this morning, this very hour, tonight. You are the sons of God. If you've been born again by the spirit of God, baptized into the body because every orange that you need is already in here. It's already in there because he's the author of the whole thing. We are this morning. we are this very hour and now we are the sons of God seated together sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus right this very minute we are seated together in heavenly places in Christ every man by one spirit we're all baptized into one body and we have become members of his body by Holy Spirit baptism and you're seated together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus free from judgment You can never go to the judgment. How can you be judged twice and everything that you have need of is already in here? Already in here. You don't have to ask God. Did you didn't have to ask Jesus. Jesus one time he got tired. He told his disciples, disciples are all looking at him, scratching his head. He says, "I'm going up over here and praying. You guys get in the boat and go on the other side." Why didn't they just go with him? They didn't have the Holy Ghost. But see, the Holy Ghost took him up in a high place to pray. It took him up there. It will take you. Yes. The real believer that's been baptized into the body, you don't have to ask him to read this Bible and pray. You don't have to ask a baby. Brother Brandham gave the baby example many, many, many times. He says that baby is when it I mean you and I we're all adults or close to it. So we eat three meals a day, but you don't really need that. You could get away with two, but newborn baby is every two hours. You could set your watch by it. And you take a young believer in Jesus Christ, you take a young believer that's been baptized in the Holy Ghost, they want something to eat. And they and if they don't get it, you know what they do? They cause trouble. They scream out to God and say, "Give me something to eat. I'm hungry down here." And God will give you something to eat. So take a look at your life. Take a look. Did you get the tree? Jesus said, "I'm the tree. You're the vine. I'm the vine. You are the branches." And every branch that doesn't produce the right fruit, he's going to prune it off. He's going to prune it off. and cast you in the fire. That's what happened to the five foolish. They got cast in the fire because they had to go through the bad tribulation. But those that had the Holy Ghost, the oil in the lamp, keep me burning. How do you How do you think about that? Think about it. The scripture says, the scripture says it shall be like a river of water flowing up out of your belly. I don't know if you ever seen an artisian well, but you could I don't care. Go try try doing it with a faucet in your kitchen. Turn your faucet on full blast and then take your hand and see if you can plug it up. And when the spirit of God is on the inside of you, try plugging it up. It'll come out somewhere. It'll come out all over everywhere. And the next thing you know, the whole body's wet and you'll be lit. If you want to be a written epistle, the question is, have you been baptized? Amen. Amen. I got I got one more scripture in here, but hopefully you see just just like when I was talking about the water and the salt and the water, when the word of God gets in you, it will it will permeate every fiber. It will just go through everywhere. It'll just go through and everything that's not like him, it'll slowly push it away. It'll come. It'll it How can I overcome cigarettes? Get the Holy Ghost. How can I overcome my temper? Get the Holy Ghost. How can I overcome this? To get the Holy Ghost. How can I be more led by the spirit? Get the Holy Ghost. Get the Holy Get it. Get it. Brother Ben Renom said, he said, "We waste too much time. We We've And and it doesn't take long." I remember as a young deacon I was talking with a brother. I said we were we were watching some young believers and that and I said you know what I said they don't get born again pretty soon. I said they're going to get a lot of head knowledge and then it'll be even harder for them to get born. Amen. You know every every woman that I know of that got pregnant when she she got pregnant when the day that baby's coming the baby's coming. But but we we're just happy to come to church. I'm going to do the works of God. I'm going to make I'm gonna make Brother John happy with me. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that and everything else. And then after a while, I forget, did you get the Holy Ghost since you believed? Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Amen. Ephesians 4:30 says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed." Sealed. What did Paul write the book to Ephesians? He said to those that are in positionally bang I know my place and you are sealed until the day of redemption. And that's the day he calls me home. He might take me home by the grave. He might take me home by a car accident. I don't know how he take me home. But when he takes me home, I'm going. But have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Amen. Praise the Lord. So, Sister Amanda, pull up. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Amen. Think about it, friends. You know, because all of your works won't it they won't it it won't work. It just won't work. See, would you be redeemed from every inbred sin? It's in here that you're stuck. and have the Holy Spirit constantly. When he comes in and abides, you're sealed until the day of your redemption. Make a consecration. Trust in God. Believe his word. And then get the new birth. Get a real birth. Let God come down and take your life and use it for his glory. Brother Random said it wasn't so much the gift. He said his only gift was getting himself out of the way so that the spirit that was in him could live through him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, our desire Lord, our true desire is that one day we can stand in your presence. Lord, that we can be sons and daughters of God. Lord, we can't do that without your spirit abiding in our hearts. And I pray Lord, Lord, that you'll just take this simple thought, this simple message, and Lord, may it just trouble us. May it go with us. May we hear it in the night. May we hear it tomorrow and the next day, may it come back, Lord. Because I know the true believer, they that have been baptized in the body, there isn't a question, but we want to make sure. We want to make sure that we have the Holy Ghost. We want to make sure that we've been baptized into the body. And I just pray, Lord, that you'll just answer every prayer request. Lord, I just pray you just speak to each and everyone. And may you just move by your spirit. Father, we love you. In Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. Amen. Is that what you desire? Would you be redeemed from every inbred sin? Have the Holy Spirit constantly within. Make the consecration. Trust in God in that. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Would you have the spirit in your heart to fear? Would you be from every doubt and fear? Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the fire of God to fill your soul? Burn up all the trust and sanctify the whole. Amen. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make a consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the power to make you true and brave so that you can rescue that Christ would save? Make the consecration. Trust in God and then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make a consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Amen. Amen. Amen. Have you been baptized into the body? Amen. Amen. baptized with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Have you been baptized into the body? Baptized with the Holy Ghost. There is but one way to enter in it. just as they did on Pentecost. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. There is but one church, bride or body, and into it we're all baptized by the one true promise Holy Spirit. Though by the world we're all despised. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Every creed has claimed to be the body, but the plum line proved untrue. all their dreams for God has so determined to bring his son's true right to view. Let's all sing. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Many thought that they were in the body till the Holy Ghost had come. When the word of God was open to them, they entered in and there's room. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Those who died before the Holy Spirit came upon us from on high. May by faith with saints of old departed arise to meet him in the sky. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Our bridegroom comes so you be ready and your vessel all filled and bride. You will be among the foolish virgins if you do not walk in the light. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more abide. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He'll let you know. And you don't have to you don't have
