################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-15 - 5.14.25 - Preparations - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-15
Title:   5.14.25 - Preparations - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZZdOJ2vb4M
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Because he lives. Hallelujah. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he [Music] lives, all fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. What a revelation. Because he lives. I can face tomorrow. Because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. That excites me. Because he lives. Hallelujah. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All because he lives. Amen. And I hope he's living in you tonight. Amen. Just let's make a cheerful noise unto the Lord. Amen. Brother Mike, can you just open us with a word of prayer? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Let's just remember to uh be praying for those that are online. Amen. For brother Marty that's uh kind of got a little bit of a turn again. So, you know, sometimes sickness just doesn't want to leave you, you know. Um I think sometimes we we just got to do all that we can and just just stand, you know, stand on stand on the word of God. I mean, I don't know anything else to do, you know, and and um sometimes I think we do that last instead of doing it first, you know, like a last resort. God should never be our last resort. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing. Oh, hail King Jesus. Amen. Oh, hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star. And throughout eternity, I'm going to praise him. and forever more I will reign with him. Amen. Just get a vision of that. Oh hail king [Music] Jesus. Oh all hail Emmanuel. King of kings. Lord of lords. bright morning star. And throughout eternity I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him. Just think about it. All through eternity. All hail King Jesus. All hail Emmanuel, King of Kings, Lord of Lords, bright morning star. And throughout [Music] eternity, I'm going to praise him. and forever more I will reign with him. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed Jesus. Amen. Blessed Jesus, come to me. Soothes me soul with songs of peace. As I look to you alone, fill me with your love. Glorious, marvelous grace that rescued me. Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for me. Mountains high and valleyies low, you will never let me go. By your fountain, let me drink. Fill my thirsty soul. Are you thirsty tonight? Glorious, marvelous grace that rescued me. Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for me. Blessed Jesus, come to me. Venom to come with my soul with songs of peace. As I look to you alone, fill me with your love. Glorious, marvelous grace that rescued me. [Music] Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for me. Mountains high and valleyies low, you will never let me go. Higher fountain, let me drink. Fill my thirsty soul. Glorious, marvelous grace that rescued me. Holy, worthy is the lamb who died for me. Amen. Let's just thank him tonight. Dear heavenly father, we just thank you Lord that you died for us Lord that Lord we might have life and life eternal our God. Lord your your mercies and your grace is new and rich each day Lord and I pray Lord that your spirit would just come down in a mighty way to your people tonight. Just bless them Lord in Jesus's name. Amen. As we gather. Amen. As we gather, may your spirit work within us. As we gather, may we glorify your name, knowing well that as our hearts begin to worship, we'll be blessed because we came. will be blessed because we came. As we gather, may your spirit work within us. As we gather, may we glorify your name, knowing well that as our hearts begin to [Applause] worship, we'll be blessed because we came. We'll be blessed because we came. Amen. Let us be blessed tonight as we gather. May your spirit work within us as we gather. May we glorify your name, knowing well that as our hearts begin to worship, we'll be blessed because we came. will be blessed because we came. Amen. How many's blessed tonight? Amen. Amen. You know the song says, "As we gather, may our hearts begin to worship." Amen. And that's what he's looking for. We can sing a cheerful noise unto the Lord, but he's looking for our hearts to worship. Amen. I need thee every hour. Amen. I need thee of everyious Lord. No tender voice like thee can peace a need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my [Music] savior. I come to thee. I need thee every hour. Stay thou nearby. Temptations lose their power when thou art nigh. I need thee. Oh, I need thee every hour. I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my [Music] savior. I come to thee. I need thee every hour in joys or pain. Come quickly and abide. For life is vain. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. Amen. Hallelujah. I need to practice that one more, but it just shows you how much I need them. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I just like to change order of service a little bit here. Amen. It's the prayer request. Amen. There's a lot to pray for. Amen. Let's just remember all those that aren't here. Our brother Jonathan and whoever else isn't here. There's many that aren't here tonight. Our brother Dennis. Um all the young youth. Um and uh sister Lori, she's this cold she's got or whatever she's got won't go away. And also our brother Marty. Yes. um for our back, for uh uh Sister Jeanie's back. Amen. For anybody else that has a need tonight. Um he's here to meet that need. Amen. You know, we're just saying that every hour we have a need. Cry out to him tonight for that need. Also, our sister Linda has requests. Please pray for my breathing. It's been difficult lately. Please pray for me to have peace in my heart uh concerning this and other things in my heart. Amen. Well, he is he is the peace provider. Amen. We just pray that the Lord's peace be with you, sister. And um let's just remember the um u meetings coming up uh for the church anniversary um u May 17th uh and Sunday. Well, Saturday the 17th and Sunday the uh May 18th. So, let's just remember that with our brother Darl Ward. Amen. So, um the years keep going, but uh one day there's going to be a constant jubilation. Amen. So, let's just be praying for that. Amen. Uh let's just uh stand as we uh take these knees before the Lord. Amen. there be on somebody on your heart, just remember them. Amen. Let's remember Bill Bailey with cancer, Elizabeth Murphy. Amen. And if you could just remember my sister Sheila's going to have surgery Friday and then she'll be staying with me for a few weeks uh for to help her recovery. So, if you could just remember that, too. Let's remember also all the missionaries. Amen. [Music] Um there's a lot of good being done, but there's also a lot of forces going against it. So let's just pray for God's protection for all the missionaries. Amen. Let's just go on one accord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come to you tonight, Lord, Lord, we've we've said, Lord, in our words, Lord, we're needy of you, Lord. And truly, Lord, we are. Sometimes we don't say it, Lord, but we know in our hearts. It's you. You that called us. You that can deliver us. Deliver these aches and pains, Lord, this cancer from our brother Bill and sister Elizabeth. for all these needs that we would have Lord for breathing whatever it would be in our for wellness Lord whatever it would be Lord God you are the supplier every one of them Lord help us to Lord thirst for you as we gather Lord as this body of believers gathered tonight Lord we pray that the word would just come forth and Lord in a resounding way change our life we ever so grateful Lord as we come as we gather in your name tonight Lord we pray that your Holy Spirit would just come down in a mighty way bless our sister Cheryl Lord anybody else in here tonight that needs a touch from you Lord may we just we just pray Lord in the name of Jesus Christ tonight Lord that we can leave different than when we came in in Jesus name we pray these things amen Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Amen. Yeah. There's only one thing left to do. Let's reach out and touch the Lord. Amen. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. His weight to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord. As he passes by, you'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. Your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. His needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Hallelujah. You know, every time we sing that song reminds me of the woman that pushed through the crowd to touch Christ. But remember, he wasn't walking by himself. He was walking in the crowd. And I'm sure it was probably a pretty big crowd. She had to push it her way through that crowd. There's a battle we got to fight. But there's a victory on the other side. Amen. It is no secret what God can do. Amen. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. Thank you, Lord. It is no secret what God can do. It is no secret what God can [Music] do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon [Music] you. It is no secret what God can do. Amen. Just tell the world that it is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. Hallelujah. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret what God can do. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. On Christ the solid rock I stand. Amen. There's a time to stand on Christ. It is now. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest fray, but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the solid rock I stand, all other ground is sinking sand. All other ground disinking sand. In darkness seems to hide his face. I rest a his unchanging grace. In every high yet stormy gale, my anchor hold within the veil. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground disinking sand. His oath is coess. His blood supports me in the welcoming flood. When all around my soul gives way. He that is all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I them and him be found, dressed in his righteousness alone, faultless to stand before the throne. On Christ solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Amen. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Let's just stand as we uh get ready to take the offerings. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, as we've offered our hearts with worship, Lord, Lord, we we offer you this 10%, Lord. Lord, we had nothing and you gave us all. Amen. So Lord, to think that all you desire is 10% back, Lord, it's a blessing to give it to you, Lord. We just pray, Lord God, that Lord, you would just anoint this offering, Lord, with your Lord, your touch, Lord. Make clear the way you would want it, Lord God. Lord, show everyone here, Lord God, the potential that lies before them when they trust you. Lord, we just trust you tonight, Lord, that you'll come down in a mighty way and feed us with your word. Lord, as we stand before you, Lord, before the throne of God, Lord, in your righteousness, not in ours, Lord, we pray that you would just take this offering, Lord, and do Lord, multiply it in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing uh pleasing. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Is that your desire? Pray. [Music] Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you, searches God. Pleasing, let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Pray. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. [Music] pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Amen. Is that your desire? Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just sing um sanctuary. Amen. How many wants to be a sanctuary for the Lord tonight? Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. living. I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Just him. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Amen. Let's just stand and sing that. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy. tried and true with thanksgiving. Be a living a living sanctuary for you. Amen. Be that living sanctuary, Lord. Prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. With thanksgiving, I'll be a [Music] living sanctuary for you. Just for a [Music] hymn, you tried it and true. With [Music] thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Amen. Our Lord's desire is that we be a sanctuary for him. And God bless you this evening. Good to be in the house of the Lord. And so good to see each of you that have gathered today. God bless you. May you you walk away from church today with just a little bit more of of him inside of you. And it'll be worth it all, right? When it'll be worth it all. Amen. Well, uh turn with me if you would for opening scripture in the book of Amos today. Let's let's be in special prayer and uh special prayer for this uh our anniversary services this weekend. Um I don't know how many years it's been, but it's been a while. And uh we got brother Gerald Ward coming and um if I just invite some friends, some family and um I know that you'll be blessed from Brother Daryl's ministry. We don't get to have them very often, but when we do, we so much appreciate him. Amen. Before we begin reading here in the book of Amos, let's just ask God's blessings on the reading of the word. Our heavenly father, we thank you that you provided an opportunity for us to gather together in your house today. And God, we thank you for your presence. For you, word declares where just two or three are gathered together in your name. You'd be there in the midst. Amen. Lord, you also declare that you inhabit the praises of your people. We've sang these songs. We've expressed our love and our thanksgiving to you. We know that you're here and we just ask that you'd come now and break the bread of life to us. Lord, we pray that you'd be with each one that would be online today watching the service. God, that you would be with them and bless them in their homes. Lord, touch the bodies of those that are sick and afflicted, those that are going through test and trials. Lord, today I just pray that you'd meet every need. Lord, we commit the service in your hand. ask your blessings now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amos chapter 4, we're going to read two verses there starting with verse number 11. I have overthrown some of you as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and ye were as fire as a fire branded out of the burning. Praise God. Yet ye have not returned unto me, sayaeth the Lord, therefore thus will I do unto thee, O Israel, and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel. God bless you. You may be seated. Like to entitle this message preparations. Our opening scripture here, prepare to meet thy God. I kind of want that to be our our subject today. Amen. is something that um probably wouldn't be like a present thought to think about a lot is preparing to meet God. We'd like to kind of put that off as far as possible. Um but it is something that I believe that God wants us to be thinking about on a regular basis. And if we could take some scriptures here in the in Matthew chapter 24, uh kind of laying a foundation here, uh Matthew chapter 24, we're uh Jesus is talking about his second coming and what would be happening amongst uh nations and just um there'd be wars and rumors of war, but that that isn't here. there's going to be a falling away that because of iniquity, the love of many would wax cold. And when you see the fig tree uh bring forth its its its leaf, you know that summer's nigh. And he gives us these these signs about when everybody is going to meet their god. And uh just want to pick it up here in verse number 36. Matthew 24:36. But of that day and hour knoweth no man. No, not even the angels in heaven know, but my father only. And he goes on to say, but as it was in the days of Noah, so shall it also uh so also shall the coming of the son of man be. And so he describes the part of what it we're paying attention to the days of Noah. For as in the days uh were before the flood, there was eating, drinking, marrying, giving in the marriage until the that Noah entered into the ark. In other words, it just seemed everything seemed normal. Just normal normal stuff. And they knew not until the flood came and took them all the way. So shall the coming of the son of man be. That's right. And then he goes on to say concerning when the son of man shall be, then shall two be in the field, one shall be taken, one left. Two women shall be grinding at the mill, one shall be taken, one left. Watch therefore, for you know not what hour your lord doth come. But know this, that if the good man of the house had known in in what watch the thief would have come, he would have watched and would not suffered his house to be broken up. Therefore, be ye also ready, for in such an hour as you think not. That's when the Son of Man's coming. Who then is a faithful and wise steward, whom his Lord hath made rule over his household to give them meat in due season? So, no one knows when the Son of Man is coming, not even the angels. Furthermore, nothing is going to seem out of sync about it, right? As it was in the days of Noah, as it was in the days of Lot. The the the days of of Noah is like 120 years. And the days of Lot, well, it just seems so so common that um the the the filth that's in the world and and two are going to be outside, two are going to be working, two are going to be in the same bed, one's going to be taken, one's going to be left, right? So, nobody knows, but yet Jesus says, "Watch. Watch therefore, for you know not what hour the Lord." So, what are we supposed to watch for if everything is the same? What are we looking at? Should we be looking at the world? Should we be looking at the world events? I mean, if we do, you know, there's hope because, you know, because Trump has got into office and um, you know, things are looking better now. Should we be looking at that? No. Doesn't matter who's in office, does it? So, in fact, the Bible says when they say peace and safety, we can't even be looking at that because then sudden destruction comes. So what are we supposed to be watching for? Because this is a message that Jesus has given us to be ready to watch. So we need to be looking at something to make sure we're ready. And so a good question that we could ask all of us, are we ready? Are we prepared to meet God? If God would come today, what would merit us being ready to go? Could we say that we're safe and sound at church? That we're in the message, that we've gotten baptiz baptism merits us being ready. I don't think being uh call saying that we're in a message church merits us being ready. But we really need to answer the question, how do we know we're ready? because we know that we're in the season and we could sit and we could say that um you know certain things have to happen yet before uh before the Lord returns. But we also could say the Lord could return u today before the service is over and know that he was perfectly right in his word. Right. And and so I think what's what's really important is to be thinking about in ourselves. Are we prepared to meet the Lord? Because if that's what our focus is, we don't have to figure out what's going out out there, right? We could just focus on what God wants us to be doing today in case he comes today. Therefore, be also ready. For in such an hour as you think not, the Son of Man cometh. It's it's the responsibility to be ready in an hour that we don't even think he's coming. It's more of a responsibility because if we don't think he's coming tomorrow, think about it. Everybody's got their plan made out for tomorrow, don't they? Yes. What we're working, what we're doing, what's going on, what's, you know, it's been set. this is what we're going to do because we're planning. He's actually coming an hour where we don't think he's coming. So, we're in a more dangerous state thinking he's not coming than if we were thinking that he was coming. Right. And I think that's what God wants us to be thinking. Don't be sitting in a place thinking he's not coming. Because if you do, that's what opens the door for relaxation, for taking it easy. But if we could be thinking this could be the day, then that's going to promote us to being getting prepared. Preparation is wisdom in everyday life. Proverbs 30:4, we just talk a little bit about preparation here. Proverbs 30:24 says, "There they're they're before things which are little on earth, but they're exceedingly wise. The ants are a people not strong, yet they prepare their meat in the summer." Yes. And and and and what about uh the um beavers? Same same thing. They work real hard. They get their little stuff and they build their hut and they're good for winter. There's a there's a preparation to survival. The conies are but a few a feeble folk yet make their their houses in the rocks preparation. The locust have no king yet they go forth all of them by bands. The spider taketh hold with her hands and is in king's uh palaces. Preparation, no matter what you are, preparation is uh uh wise in whatever you're doing. It would be unwise to try to go to war with another nation without being prepared. Jesus said in Luke 14:31, "Or what king going to war against another king saith not down first and consulted with whether he be able with 10,000 to meet him that cometh to him with 20,000? Or else while or else while the other is yet a great way off, he sendeth an ambassading conditions of peace." So, it is wise to to make sure that you're prepared no matter what you're doing for battle. 1 Corinthians 14:8 says, "For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?" And I believe that that there is one group of people that is going to be ready for the coming of the Lord. Amen. And it is a group of people that want to be. They want to be prepared. The people that don't want to be, they won't be. Now, that that group of people that don't want to be, they still want to go. And I believe that the majority of them are convinced that they're going to go in a rapture because the devil has done his job making them think that they are ready. Think about that group. Many will come to me in that day say, "Lord, Lord, didn't we prophesy in thy name? Cast out devils and many did many wonderful works in thy name." And then will I profess unto them? I never knew. So they thought they were prepared. They they thought they were prepared to meet their God. But were they? No. They were left behind to go through tribulation. So, you can't even look at the works you do. You can't even look at the miracles that you perform. You can't even look at the way that God has used you to show that you're literally prepared for the coming of Jesus Christ. Preparation is needed in just about everything we do if we want to be successful. So for instance, if I am going to rent an Airbnb, it has to be prepared for me to go there. It can't be left with all the other messy sheets and how it was left by the person before. So it has to be prepared for me to go there. Now the thing is it can never get clean if our sister Gabrielle doesn't have the supplies needed to clean it. So she has to be prepared herself to get it prepared for the next person to go in. Preparation is needed to accomplish. Try making a meal. How many of you ever made um went to go I'm gonna make this meal and then when you get ready to to make it, you don't even got all the stuff needed to make it. You're not prepared. You can't wait till five minutes before dinner to get ready for dinner. You have to prepare for it. But how many times do we just like I don't know what's going on for dinner. it. I mean, we we live in that society. We'll figure it out when we get there. That's right. We can't wait five minutes before church to get ready. It takes preparation. We can't wait five minutes before our dentist appointment to get ready. I mean, what do we usually do to get ready to go to a dentist appointment? We brush our teeth. We're going to the place that's going to clean our teeth and we want to brush them before we get there because we definitely don't want the hygienist smelling our breath. That is the truth. So, we prepare. How many times have you been on the way to the dentist, you were get get there late, so you made a phone call. Hey, I'm going to be a little bit late. Preparation is important. A lot of preparation is needed for events, for sports competitions, for work. Can you imagine if you're in charge of work, you got to accomplish something. You got to make sure you've got the right materials. You can't have the wrong materials. You won't be able to do your job. You You can't have the wrong tools. You got to have the right tools to do your job. Preparation is important for success. Preparation is needed for Sunday school. Yes. For leading the church worship. Amen. For the ministry of the word of God. Preparation is needed. Uh there's been countless of hours in the back trying to get this system so it works right and there's not interferences and getting problems fixed. And you you don't just wait till five minutes before service to go ahead and you know try to wing it. Preparation is needed before meeting God. Prepare to meet thy God. Watch therefore be ye also ready for ye know not what hour the Lord cometh. He's telling you you don't know. I didn't even tell the angels. I'll give you a hint. When you think it's not going to happen, that's probably when it's going to happen. But we need yet to prepare to meet God. We have to do more than just get baptized and say that I'm in the body of Christ. There'll be many more professors, not people with degrees, but many more people who profess that they're in the body that don't make it. So, we need to be looking at at something else. And I I think the the greatest thing that we could be doing is having a heart to want to be prepared. Jesus, like to honestly say I could be wrong. Yes. I I think what I'm going to do is press towards the bark. I think that spirit will lead and guide you into all truth. And I that spirit I can have confidence in. I believe that's what the predestinated have. They have that spirit. God is always preparing. He sent his angels with flaming swords to protect the tree of life. As soon as Adam and Eve fell, said, "I can't have them get to the tree of life." And he sent something there to to prepare that so they couldn't get to it. Is that true? He sent the pillar of cloud and the pillar of fire to protect the children of Israel as well as to guide them. Like a preparation like he he had it all settled when they were leaving Egypt. What was going to happen at the Red Sea? God wanted the tabernacle in the wilderness prepared according to the vision that he told Moses in the mountain. make it just like I showed you after the pattern that I showed you. So there's a preparation and everything had to be in order. Can you imagine when I when God had everything in order in his tabernacle and in his church and the way he wanted it to be with everything? It wasn't like he just, you know, wanted to go to Wayfair or Art Van and and try to pick out his own furniture for the house. It wasn't like that. He had a purpose in it. It had to be exactly the way he wanted it. And I when we take a look at um when Vashi was cast out and there was a choosing of a new bride for for the king. Well, there was only one person that actually took exactly what was given to her to get ready while all the others added to their their life of what they were going to do to get chosen. And we can't be adding our own ideas of what we think is going to be acceptable to God. We've got to just stay with what the word tells us to do. Amos 3:7 says, "Surely the Lord God will do nothing it, but he revealth his secrets unto his servants, the prophets." Amen. So before God does anything, he prepares and he tells the prophets first. Before God destroyed Sodom, he told Abraham. Before God brought forth a virgin birth, he told Isaiah. Before God destroyed 450 prophets, he told Elijah. And before God opened all the mysteries of the Bible in this last age, he told William Brandham. And there's many scriptures that talk about that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet. That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet. That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet. Over and over. You'll see it in the New Testament, Acts 2:16. But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel. So God stating that he's not going to do anything except he tells the prophet first what's going to happen. So somehow the second coming is tied into the prophet. Yes, sir. God will not come on the scene without a prophet to prepare the way. Amen. Isaiah 40:3 says, 'The voice of him crying in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Make straight a desert in the uh in the desert a highway for our God. And we know that was John the Baptist. Malachi 3:1, "Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way for me." God wants preparation for him, Jesus. Uh, Matthewap 11:7. As they departed, Jesus began to say to the multitudes concerning John the Baptist, "What went out in the wilderness to see is a reed shaken in the wind? But what went ye out to see? A man clothed in soft raignment? Behold, they that wear soft clothing or in king's houses, but what went out to see a prophet? Yeah, I saying to you, more than a prophet. For this is he of whom it is written, "Behold, I send my messenger before my face, which shall prepare thy way before thee." Amen. God uses a prophet before he comes on the scene. It's no different in our age. We know this. Malachi 4:1, "For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yay, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble, and the day that cometh shall burn them up, sayeth the Lord of hosts, that it shall neither leave them shall leave them neither root nor branch." Amen. So that's that's talking about that is coming be before the second coming of Christ. Is that true? True. Okay. So, let's drop down to verse five. Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Now, we could literally say the great day of the Lord is when Jesus was born. We could say that because he brought good tidings of of great joy and shall be to all people. Uh and there was a trumpet. It was a rejoicing. There was nothing negative that happened at the birth. We could say it was a great day, but we could never say that that day was a dreadful day. That's right. It was a dreadful day. Verse six, and he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to the fathers, lest they come and smite the earth with a curse. Now, there's no way that that this is a dual prophecy. Just like we could say verse five is a Jew prophecy. We could that John the Baptist could fulfill the great day. And John the Baptist, he turned the hearts of the Old Testament fathers to the to the to the to the Pentecostal Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost. And now the second Elijah coming to the second coming is turned has turned the hearts of the the the the children back to the Pentecostal fathers. Yes sir. Lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. So it happens before the earth is burnt. God uses a prophet to prepare for his second coming. Revelations 10:7, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he should begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he declared to who?" His servants, the prophets. It's important that we don't acknowledge who the prophet is. It's important that we receive the message of the prophet. Amen. Now, just imagine that you didn't go to church and you were stuck in home and you had to read the books and find out what the prophet said. That is what we should be doing every day. You cannot depend on this pulpit to tell you Malachi 45 and 6. You can't because if that's if that's true, then we wouldn't need Malachi 45 and 6. But God gave us a five-fold ministry. Amen. And it is up to us to get a heart for what God sent to prepare us. If we don't have a heart for it, we're not going to get into it. And I believe with all my heart that we need that message to get ready for a rapture. It it and it can't be the knowledge that God sent a prophet. It literally has to be the message that God sent through that prophet. Brother Brandon said, "Rapturing faith lies in those tapes." That's right. God has sent a prophet messenger in this last age to restore us back to the word in Ephesians 5:26 is that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word. So the word is what restores the washing of the word is what actually restores us to the state that we need to be in that he might present to himself a glorious church not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing but that it should be holy and without blemish. So God is coming for that type of church. Now, the way the bride of Christ is getting prepared is by continually feeding on the message of the hour. Praise God that we we're in a church that preaches the message without saying William Brandom. That is good. Yeah, we don't have to say William Brandon and quote the quotes, but we're going to do that a lot tonight. But we don't have to do that. Alls we got to do is have the message and preach the message because we can we can share the message with others. True. You know, you you can talk to a trinitarian telling the correct way to be baptized. And I never knew the correct way to be baptized until I came into the message. I'm not saying you could have you could have found it out another way. But I'm telling you that this message is what holds the truth. And when you speak the truth to others, you're speaking the message to others. The message of the hour is helping dress the bride. It's full of nuggets that we desperately need to get ready. when the new poop when the new pope I don't actually know how that happened but I apologize for that. When the new pope was elected I had several brothers from the message send me this quote. Brother Bruce was one of them. This quote was literally um over 70 years ago just showing the importance of the message here. It was in the acts of the holy spirit. Brother says I believe one of these glorious days when the United Confederation of church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy then they'll form an image like unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. The real true believers out of the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecost, Nazarene, pilgrim, holiness, whatever they'll be, will go together and cemented by the love of God. They'll make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ, all the believers, and the agnostics, the shallow-minded will be cast to one side and they'll go right on in the confederation of churches. Now, think about it. this pope that was just elected. He's the first pope that was ever from the United States. And there's probably other things in the message that Brother Random spoke that are are needing to transpire. But the main thing is I need to be reading the things that's going to help me get prepared for him. It's not the knowledge that that having this pope, you know, coming from here. It's just there's signs showing us the lateness of the hour. But what's really important is I just got to accept that God sent a prophet to get me ready and get in there, read it, say, "God, what would you have me to do to get ready?" And mean that from our heart. That's what's needed. Yes. Because we're not going to be taking a test before the rapture. Second Peter chapter 3 verse one. This second epistle, beloved, I now write unto you in both which I stir up your pure minds by a way of remembrance. Well, that's a good reason to come to church. Yes. Not necessarily to always hear something new, but to have your pure mind stirred up by way of remembrance. that ye be that ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets and of the commandment of us the apostles of of the Lord and Savior. Knowing this first that there shall come in the last days scoffers walking after their own desires and saying, "Where is the promise of his coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation. Now there is obviously brother Brandham talked to us about the the spirit um comes in and it's in three stages before it's crowned. And if I could just say it like this, there is a spirit that gets on people that doesn't make them believe that Jesus is coming soon. Oh, sure. And for the most part, people don't like talking about that he's coming soon. But I remember when I first came in, I thought he was coming a long time ago. Amen. I thought for sure he was coming in 77. I thought for sure he was coming in 80. I was telling my worldly friends that you had worldly friends. I did. I was still hanging on to some of them. Not hanging on so much as I, you know, I wanted to get them in and, you know, connected with them. But now we don't even think about it. But we should be thinking he could be coming anytime. We should still have that. But so there's a spirit there. Walking after your own desires and just inside where is the promise of where's it at? Nothing's changing. I don't see anyone becoming more in the image of Christ. I don't see anybody changing from glory to glory. I don't see anyone becoming a new creature in Christ. I just see we go to church. Got these problems with these people in the church. Got these problems with the people in the family. Everything just seems to be the same old same old. All things continue as they were since the prophet was here. Where is the promise of his coming? Jesus is coming soon. We need to be ready. We need to stir up our minds understanding that these spirits are allowed to be here. They're allowed they're they're allowed to attack our minds and attack our homes and attack our church. But we need to take a stand against them. We need to say for no for me in my house will serve the Lord. Well, John, I'm the only one in the house. Then you be the house in the house. But be it. But be it. Brother Bren said the message convinced and concerned. He says, "You know what I believe? I believe that the people are not convinced that Jesus is coming soon. I don't believe that they're convinced that he's coming in this age. And I believe that's the reason that they're not concerned is because they're not fully convinced. They're not convinced that he's with them. If they were, they would come back to the word. That's right. Now, many people might misunderstand it. Love is disciplined. You must discipline people if you love them. If your little girl was sitting out in the road, as I said this morning making mudcakes, if you really loved her, you would get her off the road. Now, the thing is, if she's in the road, she don't want to get off the road. And she certainly doesn't want you telling her to get off the road. In fact, she may look at you and say, "You don't love me. True. If you love me, you let me do this. But in reality, love says, "No, we've got to serve God." Yeah, that's right. No matter what, we have to serve God. You know, our hearts are deceptive. Jeremiah 17:9 says, "The heart is deceptive above all things and desperately wicked. Who can know it? I the Lord search the heart. I try the reigns even to give every man according to his way and according to the fruit of his doings. So, how can I really be prepared for the coming of the Lord when my heart is so deceptive? And how can I know it? And I just love this proverb. Proverbs 16. Turn with me here. Proverbs 16. Write this down. The preparations of the heart in man and the answer of the tongue is from the Lord. So I want to divide this here for a second. The preparation of the heart of man is actually from the Lord. If we're going to get prepared for the coming of the Lord, it has to be the Lord preparing our heart. The word is what has to prepare our heart. It can't be us saying we're prepared. We're going to take this, not take that. We're going to come to church here. We're going to we're not going to do this. This is what we're going to allow. This is what we're not going to do. Our kids are going to be able to do this, but they can't do that. That is not going to prepare you. That's what all the denominations are. We literally have to take what God gives us. Yes. what he speaks to our heart from his word follow it and that's where the preparation is made we take ourself out of the equation Jesus it's not us making a decision what we need to do to be ready they that compare themselves with themselves is unwise what we need to do is take the word take the message of the hour and let it prepare us think Think about the love that God has for us. He's not going to leave us laying. He's going to reach down and he's going to help us. I mean, think about it. He literally went into the world and picked every one of us up out of the world. That's right. And if he did that, then he's certainly not going to leave us in some denominational thought inside the message. He's not going to let us lay in there thinking that we're okay being right here when God is calling us to get ready. Now, think about it. He's he's talking to his disciples and you know, he he didn't send this message. He didn't say, "Brother Ron, you know what? Just be one of my disciples here, you know, with me and you know, you're going to make it. You're going to be in the message. you're going to be ready. No, he's putting some fire under everybody that's listening. Look, not even the I didn't even tell the angels. I ain't going to tell you, but you make sure you're ready. He puts you in a condition of you better make sure. But you know what the devil does with Leodysia? You're okay. You're you're in. That's right. You're in. You're fine. Don't you don't have to worry about You don't have to change anything. No preparation needed. The fear of the Lord, it's clean. It's what gets us in the direction. I'm glad that Paul didn't say, "I've attained. I've apprehended. I've got such a connection with God. He never had that. He never preached that. And anytime he preached security and I and things like that, he preached it on the basis of what it really is to be in that condition. Because even to me when when Paul is saying, I press towards the mark, that's the same thing as Jesus saying, be be also g be ready, be watching, make sure same spirit. But you understand, we're we're we're we're we rub shoulders with a with a devil on the TV and our cell phones and the billboards and the radio and everything that we're listening to, the people we're talking to, they'll talk to you about anything except the coming of the Lord. And it just weighs on you to the point you you're you don't even think about his coming. You're thinking about all these things that are being talked about. And then we don't even think about getting prepared. We're just so busy. How many Let me just be honest with you. How many's got more things to do than you can possibly get done? You know, and it is literally discouraging thinking about my list. Do you know how hard I got to fight not to think about the things I got to do? I literally have to lay it aside. And I know this. I got a revelation of this, brother Ron. I got a revelation when that Jesus comes. I'm going to have a bunch of things left undone. There's always going to be something needs to be done. Something that needs to be fixed. Something needs to be taken care of. We're never going to get to a place, you know, I'm living the retired life. I mean that might be for some but for it just it just doesn't seem to be that for me. So we can't wait till we get caught up and things are straight in the home and things are straight with our health and things are straight in the church and things are straight with the spouse and things are straight with the kids and we can finally start preparing oursel. That's right. No, we just got to let God give us the word. Every time we come to church, every time we listen to a tape, every time we read our Bible, he gives us a word. You only need one word. I'm going to be honest with you. You know how it is. You know how it is. If anybody knows about, you know how it is how hard it is to sit in this church and hear so much preaching in one service and you walk as I can't I can't I can't I can't get all that. I cannot retain all that. That's like too much right. But if you can just get one thing from God that you know it's him speaking to you, preparing your heart, then he can build off of that. The preparations of the heart in man. Let's go back to that. Proverbs 16:1. And the answer of the tongue is from the Lord. All the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes, but the Lord weighth the spirits. So commit thy works unto the Lord and thy thoughts shall be established. I know we all have had times where our thoughts just would not settle down. All right. John 16:13 says, "How be it, when the spirit of truth has come, he will guide you into all truth, for he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come." So the Holy Spirit in our lives is constantly showing us what truth to walk in. Now, why is it important to walk in truth? Because that is what prepares you for his coming. If he's coming for a bride without spot or wrinkle, that means he's not coming for someone who's half-hearted. He's not coming for someone who says, "If I come to church, I come to church. If I don't come to church, I don't go to church." Do you think he's coming for that bride? No. He's coming for that bride that says, "I just can't wait till those doors are open." Amen. Well, brother John, there's just not enough entertainment here to get me excited. I would say that is not a good motive to want to get to church. I mean, we got churches down the road that, you know, have have much more much more excitement to the flesh than what we have here. That's true. But I don't think that God is coming back for half of his word. That's right. He's coming back for a word bride. The brother Brandon said a a a wheat bride, a a word bride he's coming back for. And so we must have a hunger for all the word. Amen. All right. Psalms 10:17. Psalms 10:17. The Lord thou has heard the desire of notice the humble. Thou will prepare their heart. Thou will cause them to cause thine ear to hear. Now notice, he doesn't prepare the heart of the proud. In fact, he resists them. Amen. He resists the proud, but the humble, the desire of the humble. Thou has heard the desire of the humble. Thou will prepare their heart. It's the very desire that we have for God, that gets us in preparation. Because look, if we want to hear the word, he'll give it to you. He will. If you really want to be like Jesus, he'll give you what it takes to be like him. But if you're just only interested in doing bare bones minimum, come on. How can he prepare that heart? You're not going to hear all the word. All right. John 14:1, "Let not your heart be troubled." Do you believe in God? believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. What a vindication that God is the one that prepares our heart for him. He's going right inside of us to prepare our heart so he can live inside of us the way he wants to. He says, ' And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and I will receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you may be also. I believe there's like a communion of what's going on inside of us in that day. You'll know that I'm in you and you and me. And there there will be a a a union taking place. You just know when God speaks to you, you just know. I mean, sometimes they're much stronger than others and sometimes it's a little bit fain. But obviously, when it comes to this relationship, you're going to know because if we're not prepared to meet the Lord, if we're not prepared to meet our God, God wants us to get prepared. And the the the the the calling that the Holy Spirit is calling out to us is receive the humble heart that makes you desire my word because that's the only thing that can make us ready. The word that the the church can't, my wife can't, my husband can't. Not that I have a husband, but you understand what I'm saying. It's the word. The word is what makes us ready. Now, how we become prepared for God's coming is allowing God's word to to work inside of our heart. We come to church, we hear the word. You know, you see some people, they're they're just they're over here, they're over there. But when you come to church and you truly want all the word, that's who God is looking at. It's that desire that we have. The humble will, the humble, the humble will desire that word to come inside and God will break it to them and that when they leave, they literally care about God more than when they came. Our lives can only produce the word according to our hearts are prepared. So, let's turn to Matthew and 13 and just take a look at that and then we're going to read some quotes real quick and and and uh try to get done uh speedily here. But we understand that no matter how good the word is that's being preached, if our heart is not prepared properly, then it can't bring forth in our life. Amen. All right. So, starting with verse 13 of Matthew 13. And he spake to them many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sword went forth to sow, and when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside, and the fowls of uh came and devoured them, and some fell on stony places. And they that uh where there had not much earth, and for with they sprung up, and because there was no depthness of earth, and when the sun was up, they were scorched. And because they had no root, they withered away, and some fell among thorns, thorns sprung up, and choked them. Now others fell on good ground, brought forth fruit, and some a 100fold, 60fold, and some 30fold. Who have ears to hear, let him hear. So here it is. The same word, the same seed word fell on four different types of hearts, heart conditions. And obviously by this parable that Jesus is giving, it's not important that you're just hearing the pure word. It's not good enough. It's not good enough to come in church and have confidence that you're hearing the pure word. It's more important, I'm going to tell you this. It's more important that your heart is prepared because God knows how to get the word to his bride. He knows how to do that. But he cannot take your heart and give you preparation if you don't care enough to want only God's word in your heart. Can you say amen? Amen. So you'll never never never make bride if you stay a stony heart. If your heart is always hard, always bothered about things, can't just let go of things, hardness, things towards others, you'll never be able to fit the bride. Somewhere down the road, that heart has to be changed. You have to soften your heart. You'll never make bride if your heart is full of thorns, full of the things of the world, the cares of this life. So focused on life that the only thing you could do is focus on work, focus on the cares of life, focus on the things of the world. How can we become bride? We'll never bring forth 30, 60, 100fold. We've got to get to the place where we change that up. We just don't come in and sit down and let the word whatever is preached. Just see what happens. Got to get away from that attitude. Get get serious with God. Get mature with God. I'm I'm here to to meet my God. If you learn to meet God at church, you'll be able to meet him in the air. You just can't come here half-hearted expect. Well, yeah, you're coming. I'm getting you. All right, let's drop down to verse 18. Either hear ye therefore the parable of the swer. When one when anyone heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one, and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he that receiveth seed by the wayside. But he that receiveth seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word and and a nonan with joy receive it. Yet he's not a very deep Christian. Does not have root in himself. But he but he endureth for a while. There's just a season that he's able to rejoice and be happy and and and be on fire as it were. But then when trials come for when tribulation and persecution even in the home our homes ariseth because of the word by and by he is offended. I shouldn't have to go through this. I shouldn't have to put up with this. I shouldn't have to deal with this. This shouldn't happen in our church. This shouldn't happen in our home. This shouldn't happen in my job. This should not happen. I can't take it. It's not right. I quit. No root. We need to stay with the word. The word says, "I will not put anything on you that you can't bear." That's the word. Amen. The problem is instead of just trusting the word, we want to rewrite the Bible. We're going to do it my way. We're going to do it the Frank Sinatra way. He also that receiveth seed among thorns is he that heareth the word and the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches choke the word, and he becometh unfruitful. So, we'll never be able to come to the bride that we need to be with those things in our life. Look at the rich young ruler. He had everything going for him, but one of these things stood in the way and he said no to Jesus. But he that receiveth seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word. He understands it. He also bears fruit and he brings forth some 100fold, some 60 and some 30. Praise God. I believe that the gospel should be changing our lives every time we hear it from glory onto glory. We should not be battling whether we want to listen to the word. We should not be going to church just because it's church. We should be going to church because we can't wait to get in God's presence. That is the truth. I got some some quotes here. If I could just end with these. Believe our number one responsibility of getting ready is to get the very life of God in us. Without that, we're never going to get ready. That is the first and most important thing. In the message, the token, brother Bam says, see many people wants to be Christians and they like to do it secretly so nobody would know that they were Christians. Amen. Want to be a Christian, but I don't want so and so to know about it. See? Well, now you see that's not Christianity. Christianity has to be displayed its token. See publicly almost I would say almost like baptism in public life at the office on the streets when trouble is around anything in church everywhere else. The blood is the token and the token must be applied. See even he said if it's not even the covenant is not in effect. The blood was a token or an identification identifying that this person has been redeemed. So without the life of Christ on display, that this is what we're really going to live in our home, in our church, this is how we're going to be. We won't we won't be able to be prepared for his coming. The token, I believe, is the most important thing. We need to have the life of Christ applied to us. Yes. He also went on to say in that same message, that's what you must do, Pastor Neville, and to this congregation and to the trustees and to the deacons and to you, brethren. It's time that we laid aside all the foolishness of the world, Jesus. Time we laid aside everything else. We've seen enough now to we're all positive, sure, and that the token must be applied. That without it, you're going to perish. You must perish. That's the only thing. I love that he was speaking to brother Neville to the trustees, to the deacons. In other words, this was a message to the world. We must have the token. That's part of being ready. We must get serious about getting more of the Holy Ghost. More Holy Ghost means more life. Amen. In another message, the token, brother Brandon says, if the token or the blood in the time of Egypt coming out of their Exodus, if the token was so supreme sign that it was not good unless the token was displayed, the token had to be on display, not a sympathizer with the token, but the token must be applied. Not just saying, "Oh, yeah, I believe in the token." Yeah. It must be applied. In order for the life of Christ to come forth and manifest the token, we must die daily. Jesus said in the me in the message Christ is revealed in his own word. I think we got this one up here. I don't put many quotes up here because I just I don't get thinking about doing it, but we got this one up here. The thing that's the matter with the message today is those who obtain it in their hearts must lay in the presence of the sun to get ripened. So you you you take the message, you lay it in your heart, and then you spend time in prayer. You let the word you let the presence of the Holy Spirit in church, in your home, in your room begin to soften you. You know what happens to fruit that's real hard, right? A banana car apple, orange, um a pear, you if you eat it hard, it's not even really ready, right? So the fruit has to get ready. And brother Brandham saying you got to lay in the presence of the Holy Spirit and get ripened. See, you can pick up the message and then let the sun bake all all the greenness out of you. see making mature Christians. In other words, you're not a mature Christian as long as the world just keeps coming out of you. Every time there's a problem, there's a maturity to it. See, it's not just saying, "I'm in the message. I've been baptized." See what I mean? God is coming soon to receive his church. And we must have that type of Christians for him to receive. The wheat has got to get ripe. All right. Isn't that a good quote? In the message of man running from the presence of the Lord, we're just talking about the responsibility of what we need to make sure we're ready for the coming of the Lord. Part of it is number one, getting the token applied, getting God applied to your life. But then you can't just have God in your life and then go live your life. Lord, you literally now have to start working for Jesus Christ. And brother Rand says in the message, a man running from the president's Lord and and the responsibility that God has given to us today, given to us in this day is to bring this message. So we got to get this message to other people. When's the last time you told somebody about the message? As I get older and I know my days are shortening up, I feel the responsibility greater than I've ever felt pressing on. We must do it. We must get down to it everywhere we go and tell the message and tell the people that Jesus is coming and he's God and he's coming soon. There's not a hope left in the world but the coming of the Lord. I believe that this is part of the preparation that we need to be doing. We need to be on the same page that God is. Right? If God is telling me to get ready, then if I receive God, I'm going to be sharing with others to get ready. And the message convinced and concerned. Brother Brandon says, "I don't know who they are. Only he does. My business is to sew the seeds. I don't know where they're falling, but I just sow it." God's confirming wherever it hits and it strikes like that quickly. It comes to life. It's in good soil. If it's on the rock, I can't help it. Some denominational foundation, I can't help that. The only thing I just keep sewing seeds. I know he's coming. I believe it. And I want to live for that. I'm convinced that he's coming. I'm convinced that he's coming soon. I am. Brother Brandon was convinced he's coming soon. You know, that happened how many years ago that he preached that. But I believe what he preached was right because we look at coming soon is you know um service is going to be over very soon. And we got it must be almost nine o'clock. He's coming soon. Service is over. But you know I I I feel we need to have a spirit. He's coming soon. Not not be some sort of um DDL or some very intellectual person in the message that's going to put together a few things, some quotes, some things that are happening in the world and tell you when you think he tell you when he thinks God is coming. I don't think that's what God is wanting. God is wanting us to have a spirit that we know he's coming soon. We don't got much time. Let's put everything we got into this. Tell others about it. Last quote. Remember one time I had a meeting. Another time he preached convinced and concerned. There was a a farmer that got saved and filled with the Holy Ghost. And he only had nothing but his experience in a truck. And he hauled so many to the meeting, he got 30 more filled with the Holy Ghost. Why? He was convinced. And when he was convinced, he was concerned. A little daughter got healed. He had sick people every night, a truck full of them, bringing them in from everywhere. 30 got the Holy Ghost. See, he was convinced that it was right. So, he was concerned about somebody else. And if we're concerned that Jesus is coming soon, we'll be concerned about our lost loved ones. We'll be doing all we can to get the gospel out. End of quote. We need a vision. We need a vision that Jesus is coming soon. No one's No one wants you to to pick a date, but everybody wants you to see you. Everybody wants to see one another with this spirit of he's coming soon. Let's get get all we can. Let's get serious about this thing. Let let's pray for one another. You're witnessing to somebody. Tell somebody so they they can begin to pray with you about this soul and begin to generate something more than just living selfish life. Jesus is coming soon. Yes. I got three four verses I want to read if we put them up. Revelations 22:7 and then we're closing. Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the prophecy of this book. Verse 18, for I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add to him the plagues that are written in this book. And if any man shall take away the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away as part of the book of life. Now the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book, he that testifith these things saith, surely, I come quickly. Even so, come Lord Jesus. Now, we know God don't lie. I believe that every person that's been born, God has wanted them to have a spirit that that says Jesus is coming quickly and we need to get ready. That's right. That's what that'll do. That'll get us concerned about other people's souls rather than about our own natural life. Let's stand together. How many believe Jesus is coming? Amen. Let's let's bow and just go before the Lord in prayer. just unite our our heart and our faith. Our heavenly father, today we stand here completely by your grace. It is your grace that that we're even connected to you, Lord. We think about the many people that we know of that we've shared the gospel with and they're out in the world. They said, "No, they're not serving you, Lord." And we think, "How how could we be here chosen? It's all your grace, Lord. Completely your grace." And now, Lord, we're asking that you would take this little body here, Lord, and that you would instill within us an urgency of your of your coming, Lord, not to be waiting for some great external thing to be happening for us to be thinking about getting ready. Lord, we remember the the wave that went over America and perhaps other parts of the world when the Twin Towers went down and many were praying more than they ever did before and rightly so. But Lord, we're asking that you would just put within our heart a greater love for you, Lord. that we would want to just lay in your presence and become more ripened, become more mature. That Lord, if there's only one in the city, it'll be us. If there's only one in our town, it' be us. If there be only one in our home, it'd be us. If it be only one in the church, it' be us. Not that we want anyone to miss it, but Lord, what we do want is we want to be a shining light with the things of the world. We've made up our minds. We're standing with you and Lord that by your grace we're we're being molded into your image service after service. God I pray that you bless your bride here. Each brother, each sister, each home, each young person. Oh mighty God, raise us up. Raise us up. Lord, may this though this service will be over soon, may this message continually be spoken to our heart in the days to come that you're coming soon, Lord. You're coming soon and you're wanting us to get ready. You're wanting us to be ready. You want us to watch. You want us to pray. You want us to be aware. And Lord, when we do feel comfortably that we are ready to meet you, I pray that you would use us to get the word out to other people because there's others that are not as fortunate as that are not ready to meet you. And I pray that you would use our heart, use our mind, use our lips, use our hands, use our feet. Yes. use us to to to reach others and let them know that you're coming soon. Lord, please bless us. Please bless this church, Lord. God, we pray. We commit oursel to you. We give you our lives. We give you ourselves. We give you ourselves as a body. Hold us up. Bless our homes. Meet the needs in our homes, Lord. Oh, God. and meet the needs in our home that we may be a better church when we come together. Bless our young people. Put a hedge of protection around them all in the schools and in the yards and the where they live in the stores, wherever they might be, Lord, in the phones. God, we just need the Holy Ghost protection. Looking to you, Lord. We're looking to you. be with the with the many Lord that are not here tonight watching praying right now Lord grant them the desires of their heart Lord Jesus bless them meet every need heavenly father those Lord that are not watching those Lord that haven't been to church in a while those that have visited and left God we pray be merciful to them and call them. Yes, Lord. In this late dangerous hour that we're living in, may you remind them to prepare themselves to meet their God. Yes. Granted, Father, we thank you for these things now. We pray them in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Without him, I could do [Music] nothing. Without him, I'd surely fail. Without him, I would be drifting like a ship. Without a sail. One more time. Without him, I could do nothing. Without him, I'd surely [Applause] fail. Without him, I would be drifting like a ship without a sand. out. Oh Jesus, do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Without him I would be here. Amen. He's all I need today. He's all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I [Laughter] need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. need. Jesus is all I need to be like Jesus. Be like Jesus. [Music] on earth. I long to be like [Music] him. All through life's journey from earth to glory. I [Music] only to be like him. To be like Jesus. to be like Jesus. On earth I long to be like him. All through life's journey from earth to gloryy. I only ask you to be like him. Jesus, I'm depending on you. I'm depending on you, Jesus. I'm depending on you, Jesus. I'm depending on you. depending on you to see me through. Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you to see us through. Amen. Are you depending on him? Totally. Completely depending on him. And did you know that Jesus uses other people? Amen. So, we must remember to see Jesus in one another. Amen. Let's sing one more uh song here before we leave the sanctuary today. Let's leave with the love of
