################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-18 - 9.17.25 - Caring, But Not Enough - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-18
Title:   9.17.25 - Caring, But Not Enough - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IROr9MG5n5k
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It is time. Lord, please be sure after teaching me your way that you'll do just what you say in your time. In your time. In your time. You make all things beautiful in your time. Lord, my life to you I bring. May each song I have to sing be to you a loving thing in your time. In your time. In your time. [Music] You make all things beautiful in your time. Lord, my life to you I bring. May each song I have to sing be to you a loving thing in your time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, this is his time that we've set aside. &gt;&gt; Amen. But God is it's his time &gt;&gt; and I believe his time is is governed by your heart. &gt;&gt; That's why it's different for everybody. But if your heart's where he needs to be it, I believe he'll come down. Amen. Brother Beckman, can you just open us in the word of prayer? Yes. &gt;&gt; Father. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Beauty for ashes. Amen. He gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that we might be trees of righteousness. the planting of the Lord that he might be glorified. [Music] He gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that we might be trees of righteousness, the planting of the Lord. Lord that he might be glorified. [Music] He gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the garment of praise for the spirit of heaven that we might be trees of righteousness, the planting of the Lord. Lord that he might be glorified. Amen. Be glorified. Amen. He wants us to be glorified in him. Amen. In my life, Lord, be glorified. be glorified in my life. Lord, be glorified today in this church. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in this church. Lord, be glorified today in your bride. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in your bride. Lord, be glorified today in our homes. Lord, be glorified. Be glorified in our homes. Lord be glorified today in my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today in this church. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in this church. Lord be glorified today. Hallelujah. How many want to glorify the Lord? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just the live a life of Christ. Amen. Glorifies him. Amen. Create in me a clean heart. Amen. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and create a new spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy Holy Spirit from me. [Music] Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Amen. Let's just go before him. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, search our hearts, Lord. search us that if there be any wicked way in us, Lord, &gt;&gt; that you show us. And that, Lord, that we might glorify you tonight, Lord. &gt;&gt; In our humility, Lord, search our hearts, &gt;&gt; make us clean, Lord. We'll give you the praise for it in Jesus name. Amen. Let's just sing. Humble yourself. Amen. That's what it takes. Humble yourself before. Oh, give him your heart. Offer your everything. There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Oh, humble yourself and let him have his way. Oh, love his word and his will oy [Music] for his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Lift him up. Amen. Oh, give him your heart. Offer you everything. [Music] There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself and let him have his way. Oh, love his word and his will obey. [Music] or his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You know, Amen, brother. That's a promise. Yes. &gt;&gt; You know, when you humble yourself before the mighty king, he says, "I will come into you and s with you, sometimes we're not too humble. We get in the way of God wanting to do things in our life. So, we just pray that we can just move out of the way and let him have his way tonight." Amen. &gt;&gt; The word would come with us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, let's just uh go ahead and change your order of service and uh I just announcement this uh we have some uh flyers out there for those I believe uh we're going to have a celebration of life. Amen. For our brother Bruce um at this uh funeral home. Amen. In uh Manchester there uh um address is on the back. It's at 10 o'clock on uh Saturday. So, let's just uh he's been a blessing to I believe everybody here. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we should be a blessing to Donna. &gt;&gt; So, let's just remember that. And if anybody needs a ride, you know, just let somebody know. I'm sure we can. There's enough of us going that we can accommodate that. So, um, please don't go because you don't have a ride and we'll make a way if your heart desiring to go. Amen. So, let's just lift that up in prayer. Amen. Not only that, we lift our our sister Donna up in prayer, but to all those that maybe family members that aren't saved, you know, maybe those that don't know the Lord, uh, that through his death, um, and the witnesses and the testimonies that they see that there's a there's a better way out there. there's hope and that uh we know where our brother is, but there's many that don't have that hope of tomorrow because they don't know Christ. So, let's just lift him up. Amen. Also, uh uh we have a um our sister Linda is not with us. She's having intense pain in her uh shoulders. So, uh let's just remember her in prayer tonight. Amen. I know her desire would be here. Amen. Also for uh Mike and Amanda put God in the middle of their of their life. You know, situations happen a lot of times because we don't put God in the middle. We lean our way, they lean their way, and God's not in the middle of that because he's not an author of confusion. So, let's just lift them up in prayer. Amen. and just know that all things work together for the good that love Christ. Amen. So, we just believe in that. Amen. It's the word. Amen. We believe in the word. Amen. So, let's lift up all those that are still suffering from uh cancer. Amen. For our sister Elizabeth, for brother Bill, for so many that are lost in this world. You know, there's a lot of things going on in uh today in the news and uh I believe God is he's on the judgment seat. He's coming. He's separating the believer and the non-believer at this point. I mean, you can see it. You know, those that believe and those that don't are are being tormented. I believe the de devils are being tormented right now because Christians are taking a stand. Um if there's ever a time to profess Christ, it's now. Amen. So, let's just be workers while while we can this in this life. Amen. Let's just stand. Let's remember Lord our our our one another. Amen. In prayer. Let's lift each other up. Let's remember those that are live streaming. Amen. We lift you up in prayer tonight and may God just bless you and meet you wherever you are. Amen. For whatever the reason. Uh we just believe that uh you know if God can God can reach a soul in the middle of in the woods, he can meet you meet you wherever you are. All you do is just have to have an open heart. Amen. So let's just go together on one accord today. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord God, we come, Lord, because you're here, Lord. We come because, Lord, you first saved us, Lord. And we're so thankful, Lord, that before the the the moment of time, Lord, you had us in your mind, Lord. And you seen, Lord, you're a people, Lord, that love you, Lord. Lord, that yield to you, Lord. And that, Lord, that just want to be, Lord, more in your image every day, Lord. And as we yield, Lord, and as we give oursel and humble ourselves before the mighty hand of God tonight, Lord, we know, Lord, that we can grow closer to you, Lord, if we just believe in the word as it's preached, Lord. So, as it's preached, Lord, we just believe that this word is the is the food that we need in due season, Lord. Lord, we just pray Lord that we just take that into our hearts Lord and we just Lord just walk out of here just close to you at the end of the service Lord. Lord before Lord we look on to these words as life Lord everything else around us is death Lord God but we know that you have the alone have the words of life Lord we're so thankful Lord for the ministry and and the the brothers and sisters of like faith Lord that's come and gathered in your name tonight Lord God that Lord we might have fellowship Lord with you through the word tonight Lord come Lord God come and Lord just Lord Lord, just we pray Lord that the atmosphere would just be sweet unto you &gt;&gt; that you would just Lord come down and bless your people tonight in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Draw me near. Amen. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy pleases bleeding side. Consecrate me now to thy service, Lord, by the power of grace divine. Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope that my will be lost in thine. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy preious bleeding side. Oh, the pure delight of a single hour that before the throne I spend. When I kneel in prayer and with thee, my God, I commune as friend with friend. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer and nearer, blessed Lord, to thy precious bleeding side. There are depths of love that I can not know till I cross that narrow sea. There are hearts of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. Draw me near, nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy precious bleeding side. Amen. Grant it, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Every promise in the book, do you believe that? Every one of them is yours. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in the Lord divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in the Lord divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every promise in the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, oh, every line. I am trusting in the Lord divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Amen. Let's just stand and sing that. In the book is mine. Every chapter, every verse, every line. I am trusting in the Lord divine. Every promise in the book is mine. Hallelujah. Are you happy tonight? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm happy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for your promises. Amen. They're his promises &gt;&gt; and he never fails. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Marty, could you just lead us with the offerings? bless each and every bless your children. Amen. Thank you, brother. Amen. Let's just sing. He's alive and well. Amen. As our pastor comes. Amen. He's alive and well, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. He's alive and well, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. He's alive and well, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Amen. Tell the world he's alive and well, living in me to tell that he that he is the same. The same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Amen. &gt;&gt; And we are here to tell. &gt;&gt; We are here to praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're here to give him thanks for what he has done for us &gt;&gt; many years ago and what he's done for us today. &gt;&gt; The keeping power of the Holy Spirit. Amen. We are in debt to the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Well, God bless you today. Good to see each of you pressing on for the Lord and being a witness that um that Jesus is coming back for a a bride with that he's gotten dressed and his bride has taken the the garments of his word and applied them to the character and becoming more like Jesus. Um, it's just wonderful to be a soldier of the cross today. &gt;&gt; Amen. Turn with me if you would in your Bibles to the book of Hebrews. And I say we got this new beautiful new um book marker. And uh I think every time I look at this, I'm going look at this as a testimony as soon as I see it that I'm just going to have a confession &gt;&gt; that what I confess that God is going to move in behalf of that. That's what I love about it's it's a reminder that uh we are in control of the devil. He's under our feet and he's not in control of us. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Before we begin reading here in the in Hebrews chapter 2, let's look uh to the Lord and just ask his blessings on this part of the service. Our father in heaven, we thank you that you have allowed us the privilege to be together in your house. And today we want to thank you that the doors are open and that there's a desire that's in our heart to want to be with you, to want to worship you, to praise you. Lord, you put that inside of us, a deep calling to the deep for your seeking such that we'll worship you in spirit and truth. Lord, we thank you that we could come today and just as it were be ourselves and worship you from our hearts and have to worry about what other people are going to think. We love you, Lord. We love you this evening. Pray that you would come in the breaking of the bread of life now, Lord. that as your word is ministered that there'd be something in here that would cause us to draw closer to you and that would just strengthen us and fortify us for the uh hour that we're living in the days that are laying before us. Lord, for you you are you gave these words when you walked the earth before and they were he that endureth to the end. The same shall be saved. And Lord, we're looking for strength to endure to the end. May you strengthen all of us here through thy word. Lord, pray that you'd be with those that are are are not with us today that your spirit would go before them and draw them by your spirit. Lord, give them what they have need of that they could serve you with all their heart and might as you would desire them to do. We also pray, Lord, that you'd be with those that could not be here tonight for one reason or another. Those that are live streaming, may your presence be with them in their homes. Lord, we thank you for these things in advance now. For we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hebrews chapter 2, starting with verse number 1 through 4. Therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip. For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience uh received a just res recompense of reward, how shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation, which at first began to be spoken by the Lord and confirmed unto us by them that heard him. God also bearing witness both with signs and wonders and with diver miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own will. And God bless you. May be seated. Well, we see here in the scriptures this the comment is coming out that that we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things that we have heard lest at any time we should let them slip. and then given us an example of how powerful this statement is at the angels in heaven left their first estate and there was given a recompense of reward. The Bible says that that uh hell was created for the devil and his angels. It wasn't really created for us, but it was created for those angels. And they're they're they're receiving a recompense of reward. And if they're going to receive that reward, how shall we escape if we just neglect so great a salvation? And that word um ought um therefore we ought almost seems like we have an option. Like we can but we really don't need to. But what that word ought means, if you look it up, it means we need to. It's necessary and we must. So it's not an option. It's important that we take heed to the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Give the more earnest heed doesn't mean, "Oh, I already know. I've heard that before. I know that scriptures already." That's not what it means to give them more earnest heed. What that means is to hold your mind towards, to pay attention, to be cautious about, to apply oneself, to adhere, to give attendance or or uh be given to. So, it's pretty strong. It's more It means super abundantly, more exceedingly, and more frequently. That's what it means to give the more earnest heed to. That's pretty powerful, right? You you think when you read the Bible, it can kind of mean one thing, but I think it's it's a very strong meaning, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; How shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? That word neglect means to be careless. It means to to make light of to be negligent or to disregard. If we are careless or disregard or make light of the salvation that God has given us, we shall not escape judgment. Now, this this is just the scriptures here. In other words, to neglect the word of God is equivalent to reject the word of God. Now, I know that's pretty powerful, but that is the scripture. &gt;&gt; It sends the same message to God that we're not caring enough. &gt;&gt; We want to entitle this message caring, but not enough. God has this great harbor of salvation for us to dwell in. But if we're not sober and vigilant and watching, the the currents of this world are going to suck us back into the world. So, we must pay attention to the word of God when it's being ministered to us. We may not think we need what's being preached on, but we must believe that we need the word of God. We need all the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if I could say it like this, if you're just a super super super strong Christian, well, maybe you need this word to help someone that is not &gt;&gt; a strong Christian. Either way, we need the word of God. Therefore, we must exceedingly, super abundantly adhere ourselves to the word of God with superglue. &gt;&gt; Don't let it slip. &gt;&gt; Super glue like &gt;&gt; adheres. Another scripture just laying a foundation here. 1 Corinthians 15:es 1 and 2. 1 Corinthians 15:1 and2 if you want to write it down. Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also you have received and were in you stand by the which you are saved if you keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless you have believed in vain. In other words, you can receive the gospel that was preached unto you at one time. You can stand in it and you're saved by it. But if you forget what was preached unto you, your faith can be in vain. In other words, we are not of the church that believes once saved, always saved. It doesn't matter what you do. Just because I repented, I got baptized. I I can pretty much live any kind of life I want to. And I know that I'm saved because I believed. &gt;&gt; We are a church that believes in the full word of God. &gt;&gt; That we go, we continue to believe. We continue to walk with the Lord. We continue to grow in the things of God. And we don't want to forget that because there are those is it there in in Jude if you want to pull it up. I think Jude maybe verse five. Let me pull that up real quick. Um and you know we just can't always stick these in there. I can almost quote it. Um I will therefore put you in remembrance though ye once knew this. how that the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt were after E out of the land of Egypt afterwards destroyed them that believe not. In other words, they forgot that God gave them a mighty deliverance out of Egypt when they facing uh the promised land. He said, "If you're not going to continue to walk with me, then I'm going to destroy you." And this is the God that for God so loved the world. This is that God of love that loves us, wants us to not forget what he's trying to do for us and lead us to and the word that that he said that I'm going to give you a promised land. Now, that's what he told the children of Israel when they were yet in Egypt. &gt;&gt; So, they came out and they were happy. But God said this is not good enough. We got to go into a a complete nature change and we don't want to forget that. &gt;&gt; So if we give the more earnest heed, if if we keep in memory, we give them more earnest heed, if we exceedingly super abundantly adhere ourselves to the word of God with superglue, we're going to be saved. We're going to be fine. We're going to endure to the end. How many people do we know, do we see, have we seen over the years, they went back into the world? they slip back. So, this this service is is is a real message. It's it's it's a real time message. It's it it's it's not something of something of the days gone by, but it is something for us to to make sure that this is real. The devil does not stop trying to drag us back in the world. That's right. &gt;&gt; So to hear and say amen to the truth and let it slip away through neglect is the same as rejecting the word of God. And this is the scariest thing. I think this is why people so many people miss it because they think if I just kind of slide back a little bit, it doesn't mean I'm saying no to God. It does mean you're saying no to God. It's the evil heart of unbelief and departing from a living God because we serve a living God. We don't serve a God that just died at Calvary. We serve a God who gave us the breath of life today, who blessed us today, who's answered our prayers today. We serve a living God. And he does not want us to back off from that. For if the word spoken by the angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recoccupants reward, how shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? So if we neglect to pay attention in class, those of us that go to school, we'll probably end up flunking. If we're careless while we're cooking the pancakes on the stove, they're probably going to turn burnt. If we neglect to brush our teeth, we'll probably get more cavities. If we make light of our customers, we'll eventually lose them. If we disregard our body, our body will suffer for it. How many times have we heard, "Oh, I wish I would have known I was doing this to my body. I wanted I would have stopped years ago. And if we neglect our soul, our soul will suffer for it. So, we don't want to neglect the word of God. Amen. Turn with me if you would to James chapter 1. We were in James chapter 1 in our men's meeting. We kind of ended near there, I think, but we want to hop down to verse number 19. James chapter 1 verse 19. But this remembering now our theme is caring but we but we we want to care enough. Caring but we want to care enough. Wherefore my beloved brethren let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak and slow to wrath. For the wrath of man workketh not the righteousness of God. Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and receive with meekness the engrafted word which is able to save your souls. But be ye doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves. For if any man be a hearer of the word and not a doer, he's like unto a man beholding his natural face in the glass. For he beholdeth himself and goeth his way, and straightway forgetth what manner of man he was. But whosoever lookth into the word of God, called the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work. This is the man that's going to be blessed in his deed. So if any man among you seem to be religious, and bright not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain. Pure religion undevoured of God and the father is this to visit the fatherless and the widows and their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world. If I could say it like this um real religion is living the life. &gt;&gt; It's not saying I believe this and not living that. We have to go out and be we have to be the gospel. &gt;&gt; We have to we have to be the gospel to those that are around us. it it's not something that we we have privately inside our home or privately inside the church. It's something that we go and we display. We let the world know this is what we believe. &gt;&gt; And uh if we're a doer of the word, the Bible says that we're going to be blessed. And I if I want to be more blessed, it isn't about me saying, "God, bless me more." It's about be about me being more of a doer &gt;&gt; because I'm going to automatically be blessed if I if I do the word of God because that's what the word says that it cannot lie. So what causes someone to neglect or what causes someone to be neglectful? This is a good question. What is it? What causes someone to be careless or to make light of something or to be negligent or to disregard something? What would what would cause this? Or say it again. Pride. Okay. Definitely pride is there because they don't need to do it. But we've all dealt with somebody either co-workers or or children or or people just trying to help and they're just not putting their heart into what they're doing. &gt;&gt; They just they just this is all they're going to do and that's it. But to to be but if you ask them do you care? They would say of course I care. &gt;&gt; They are not going to say I don't care. So at work there's a tendency that if there's a lot of um distractions or talking that jobs will become more scrapped. I mean this is a real thing that brother Ron can relate to. And so dealing with the after fact, the question could be asked, um, what happened here? You're paying attention. I mean, I mean, you you scrapped the job. We got 30 hours and you just grabbed it. Do you care? Of course I care. I wouldn't be working here if I didn't care. Everybody cares. But the question is, how much do you care? you care, but do you care enough to make sure you're double-checking, you're triplechecking, you're making sure that everything is okay? And that's really what the theme of this is because God does not have halfhearted, caring people as a bride. He has a bride that cares about him, cares about what he thinks about him, cares about his word. So it isn't that people don't care. It's all about they don't care enough. They caring but not caring. This all started in heaven when Lucifer who was full wisdom full he was perfect in beauty uh who got lifted up by the reason of his brightness. The Bible says and he drew a third of the angels with him and left their first estate which was heaven. We don't know the length of time uh that Lucifer was there before this happened. But in this state of of doing good, I'll say in the state of caring, Lucifer remained the anointed cherub and he led the worship. We we don't know if it was hundreds of thousands of years. We really don't know how long it was that he actually cared. &gt;&gt; It it it the Bible says he was perfect in all his ways. &gt;&gt; So he didn't he didn't come out of the creation and be a devil. He was actually doing good. He was the one in church and said, "Look at me. We love Jesus. Let's let's all look to Jesus and worship him." He cared about getting the people to look to Jesus. And they were worshiping Jesus, all the angels. And you know what? Lucifer says, "You know what? I would like a little bit of that attention up here. I want a little bit of attention." and he become blind because of pride because he wanted attention. Something happened that triggered him from wanting to give the his own creator glory. He said, "You know what? I think I should get some glory. You know, look at me. I can do things that the other angels can't do." So in his mind he had it set, but we don't know how long that he actually cared. It could have been hundreds of thousands of years. We don't know. But one thing is for sure, he stopped caring. He cared, but not enough. And this is where it all started. Isaiah 14:13. In his heart, he said, "I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mountain of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, and I will be like the most high." He cared, but not enough. When someone neglects to do what they know they should be doing, that is really what iniquity is. Knowing what you should be doing and you decide not to do that. Lucifer cared but not enough. Now, I know that's hard to imagine that Lucifer actually cared because we only know him as someone who doesn't who doesn't care, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We know him as a thief, as a liar. We we know him as someone that's trying to take souls from God because we were born and this is where he was. But there was a time that he did care. &gt;&gt; And this is important to understand because we see people at times they seem to care. But then they leave that state of caring and they don't care. They stop caring. Let's take a look at the rich young ruler. Mark chapter 10 verse 17. Are you getting something out of this? Okay. I think this rich young ruler was a man who cared. But we he was also a man who didn't care enough. &gt;&gt; Cared but not enough. And when Jesus in verse 17, and when Jesus was gone forth into the way, there came one running and kneelled to him and asked him, "Good master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?" And Jesus said unto him, "Why callst thou me good? There's none good but one, and that is God. And thou knowest the commandments. Do not commit adultery. Do not kill. Do not steal. Do not bear false witness. fraud, not un thy father and mother. And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth. Now with that statement, it's obvious that this man cared. &gt;&gt; He cared. He actually came running to Jesus looking for an answer for eternal life. And he gave a reverence and he kneel down before him. There's no doubt if anybody was watching this movie or this play out, they would say that this man cared. &gt;&gt; And and you know, I would be looking at him and say, you know what, I can't go to Jesus and say, I've kept all these commandments from my youth. You know, I I couldn't do that. So, he really had one up on us. And then Jesus beholding him loved him. Oh, I I just love that. In other words, Jesus cared about this man's soul. He loved him and said unto him in this love that he had for him, "One thing thou lackest, go thy way, sell whatsoever thou house, and give it to the poor, and thou shalt have treasures in heaven. come and take up thy cross and follow me. And he and the rich young ruler was sad at this saying and went away grieved for he had great possessions. The rich young ruler cared, but he didn't care enough. &gt;&gt; And he walked away from church grieved. He walked away from his visitation with Jesus Christ sad because what was being asked of him was too much. Bottom line, he's a perfect example of someone who cares but doesn't care enough. And this is this is a real thing that Satan wants to get everybody with is to care, but don't care. You know, don't get sold out. Don't love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy might, with all No, just be careful. Just like Pharaoh told Moses, "Well, you can go out there, but you know, don't take the women and children, right? care, but not all the way. And Jesus looked around here in verse 23. And Jesus looked round about and saith unto his disciples, how hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God. How hardly I mean, he's making a statement that riches make a difference in people's life. But it isn't just riches because riches is a distraction. If I have money, I have power to do whatever I want to do. And once I have that power, you know, maybe I don't need what I thought I needed. So it it would be better not to be rich than you don't have to worry about it. Honestly, this man, like a lot of people today, care about going to heaven, but they don't care enough. And they've decided to rely on their past to get them there. Master, all these I've observed from my youth. You know, I I I still believe that when he walked away from Jesus, he was still quoting that scripture because there was a battle going on inside of him. I'm not going to accept I'm going to hell just because I'm not selling everything. If I'm lacking one thing, either I'm going to agree with the word or I'm going to say no. But the problem is with a lot of people, they walk away from church and they still think they're okay in the position that they're in. &gt;&gt; And I believe this rich young ruler was in the same spot. Matthew 7 21, Jesus speaking, "Not everyone that saith unto me,"Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven." So if he says, "Sell what you got, then sell it." Many will say unto me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied thy name? And in thy name cast out devils, in thy name done many wonderful works, and then why profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me that work iniquity. &gt;&gt; So we cannot rely on our past to make it when God is asking us to do more. That's right. &gt;&gt; Perfect examples of people, believers that God used. They actually cared. You know, if you're going to cast out the devil, you actually got to care about that person. &gt;&gt; If you're going to do a lot of works for the kingdom of God, you actually are caring. If you're going to let God use your vessel to prophesy and speak in tongues and interpret tongues, you actually care. But the bottom line is they don't care enough. You've got to care enough to do everything that God wants you to do. And and this is this is hard. But this is what we must teach our children. This is what we must talk about. This is what we must remember that God is a God that requires all of our heart. Jesus were to ask you today, what are you relying on to make it? What would your answer be? I think it's a good question. You're you're you're here today with the mindset, how do you know you're where you you need to be? And I think the deeper we dig into that question, uh, the closer we can get to God, &gt;&gt; right? Because if if the further we get away from that question, the more the devil can have his way. &gt;&gt; All right, turn with me to Ezekiel chapter 18. We got this is definitely a a Bible study tonight. I'm gonna have to um speedy up in the second half of the service because we don't want to get behind. Ezekiel 18 verse 20. The soul that sinnth it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son. The righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him. In other words, God is not going to blame you for your dad's deeds. &gt;&gt; You have a decision to make. You choose the right thing, you're going to be blessed. &gt;&gt; I know. I I I remember just having thoughts, well, I wish my dad would have brought me up in the truth. But that was about as far as my thoughts ever went because I knew that I have a decision to make with my life. Am I going to serve God on my own or am I going to make excuses of why I'm not serving God? &gt;&gt; Because that's what we have. We have so many people talking about their past and what things have happened. And you to me, I'm going to tell you like this. Uh God is a God that can say from the guttermost and and and and bring you to a place that Satan can't touch you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Verse 21. But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed and keep all my statutes and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die. &gt;&gt; How beautiful that is. All his transgressions that he have committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him. In his righteousness that he that he have done, he shall live. I want us to bring uh something. Well, let me Yeah, I'm gonna say it right now. You do understand that um Esau after he had gave up from caring enough, I mean he he he cared but then he didn't care. &gt;&gt; And when he sold his birthright to Jacob, the Bible teaches us that he found no place for repentance. Even though he repented, even though he turned from that way, it was too late. And the Bible talks about those who are dead while they live. &gt;&gt; In other words, they're just playing out their time until they're to die. &gt;&gt; So, it isn't a matter of always that they're alive. You can cross the line with God way before you're dead. And so God knows when you've turned it down for the last time. &gt;&gt; And did we hear the prophecy that, you know, if God speaks to us, he's not obligated to keep asking us. &gt;&gt; So th this this is a it's a serious, you know, God is serious. All right. Where are we at? Verse 20. Verse 23. Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die, sayeth the Lord God, and not that he should return from his ways and live? So God is expressing that he's he wants to do everything he can to get everybody a chance to make it. But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness, and committh iniquity, and doth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? Question mark. Shall he live? All his righteousness that he have done shall not even be mentioned. In his trespass that he have trespassed, and in his sin that he have sinned, in them shall he die. Yet ye say, "The way of the Lord is not equal." Here now, oh house of Israel, is not my way equal. Are your ways unequal? Are not your ways unequal? It just depends how you want to look at. You want to look at it your way or God's way? &gt;&gt; And when a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness, and committh iniquity, and and dieth in them for his iniquity that he have done, shall he die? And again, when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness, and that he have committed, and doeth that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul alive, because he considerth and turneth away from all his transgressions he have committed, he shall surely live. He shall not die. Yet ye saith, House of Israel, the Lord, the way of the Lord is not equal, oh house of Israel, are not my ways equal. Are not your ways are not my ways equal and not and not your ways unequal. So the Lord has a different opinion and I mean there were two thiefs on the cross right? One was remembered at the end but if you think about it he never had a chance to think about it prior. You understand what I'm saying? So people who are relying on waiting to the end &gt;&gt; to get saved is not the people that God is looking for. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It it's it's not. And and what I'm trying to do here is encourage us to make sure we're doing everything we can to help people while they have a chance. Amen. &gt;&gt; Therefore, I will judge you, oh house of Israel, everyone according to his ways. Verse 30, sayeth the Lord God, repent and turn yourself from all your transgressions, so iniquity shall not be your ruin. Cast away from all your transgressions, whereby you have transgressed, and make you a new heart and a new spirit. For why will you die, oh house of Israel? For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, sayeth the Lord God. Wherefore turn yourselves and live ye. Now this is to me what the gospel does. When we come to church and we hear the word of God being preached, we are we are hearing God say, "Turn from your will to my will. &gt;&gt; Do more of my will." This is what we're hearing God speak to us. James 4:1 17, I'm just going to quote it. Therefore, to him that knoweth to do good and doeth it not, to him it is sin. And that's the way that God looks at it. Wouldn't it be nice if we could just say, "Hey, church attendance makes you a saint." All right, we're going to spend some a little bit more time here in Ezekiel 33:12. We're going to read verses 12-1 17. We can see through these scriptures that God doesn't want us to care, but he wants us to care enough to follow through. Right? Just don't don't live, you know, 30 years of caring and decide not to care. &gt;&gt; All right. Ezekiel 33:12. Therefore, thou son of man, say unto the children of thy people, the righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of transgression of his trans of his transgression. That is such a powerful statement. The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression. Isn't that like scary? As for the wicked of the wic as for the wickedness of the wicked, he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness. Neither shall the righteous be able to live. for his righteousness in the day that he sinnth. When I shall say to the righteous that he shall surely live, if he trusts in his own uh righteousness and commit iniquity, and all his and all his righteousness shall not be remembered, for his iniquity that he have committed, he shall die for it. And again, when I say unto the wicked, thou shalt surely die, if he turn from his sin, and do that which is lawful and right, if the wicked restore the pledge, and again uh give again that he had robbed and walk in the statutes of life without committing iniquity, he shall surely live, and shall not die. None of his sins that he have committed shall be mentioned unto him, and he shall uh he uh he have done that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live. Yet the children of thy people say the way of the Lord is not equal. But as for them, their way is not equal. So this is just the way it is. God is looking for what happens at the end. That's why Jesus said, "He that endureth to the end, the same's going to be saved." And it's not, "Well, many will come to me in that day and say,"Lord, what about these when I did good here? What about that?" That has nothing to do with where your heart is at at the end. &gt;&gt; Right? When we when we came to Christ, we gave our heart to the Lord when we were young or whatever age we did, and we said, "God, I'm going to serve you. save me. Well, that heart needs to be there at the end of the journey. &gt;&gt; And really, I'll say to the bride, that needs to be there during the journey. &gt;&gt; It needs to be there during the journey. Don't rely on anything in your past. The Bible says, "Today is the day of salvation." Brother quoted that in our men's meeting. The God that we serve is an I am God. &gt;&gt; He's a God that's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's a present God that helps us in our present troubles. So if God is a God of today, he wants us to serve him today and not rely on what I did over here. So it doesn't matter what I'm doing now. So we got to finish the race. We've got to fight the good fight of faith. We got to lay hold of eternal life and we got to march forward to the finish line. 1 Corinthians chapter 9 24 says, "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize. So run that you may obtain." In other words, Paul is saying to us that we are in a race and we're not racing against one another. We're racing against this carnal man that doesn't want to die out every day, &gt;&gt; that that doesn't want to submit to the things of God. And we're in that race with him. We can't Wouldn't it be nice if we could just take him out and and not be there? How wonderful that would be. But he's there and we got to deal with him every day. We get up. We look in the mirror and we say, "Hate the way you look. I hate that you don't want to pray this morning. I hate that you don't want to you don't want to live for others. We hate the old man. It's why we crucify him. Die daily." And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperant on all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we we do it to obtain an incorruptible crown. I therefore so run not as uncertainty. Like I'm not sure about this. I'm not sure. I therefore so run. I so fight as one, not as one that beatth the air. So he doesn't run as uncertainty, doesn't fight as if he's not fighting against somebody, but I keep under my body and bring it into subjection, lest by any means when I preach to others, I myself should be a castaway. So Paul is is speaking to us that we have to finish the race. There's no and if buts about it. There's no other way to get around this. We've got to finish the race. Paul saying in Galatians chapter 2 verse 20, I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live, yet not I, but it's Christ that liveth in me. And the life which I now presently live in the flesh, I am living by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. I'm taking a stand. This is how I'm living today. Hebrews 12:1, wherefore seeing we also compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight. What's happening to the people that are going back in the world? They've been putting the weights on them instead of get rid of them. They've been engaging more in the things of the world. But we're told here to lay aside every weight and the sin that does so easily beset us. And let us run with patience the race that is set before us. Why? With patience. Because we've got to endure to the end. &gt;&gt; It's not a sprint. It's not, well, if I could just if I could just do this one thing, it'll be okay. No, because you got other things to overcome tomorrow. And there's there's character that's going to be built inside your life next week. And it's it's all about running the race with patience, looking onto Jesus. Keep your eyes on Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, he endured the cross, despising the same, and set down the right hand of the throne of God. So, I'll say it like this. We need to keep our eyes on Jesus because he's the one that gives us joy to endure our cross every day, to pick up our cross and follow him. So, we've got to to care enough to keep caring to the end. Don't fall away. Hebrews 3:14 says, "For we are made partakers of Christ if we hold the beginning of our confidence steadfast to the end." We've got to hold on to Christ to the end. Don't let it slip. Don't let your steadfastness slip away. Don't let your confidence slip away. Therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we've heard, lest at any time we should let them slip. We're living in perilous times. We're living in Leodysia, lukewarm. And I I believe we need to shake ourselves just naturally speaking. You ever been in church and you're falling asleep and you just like want to pinch yourself and wake up? You know what I'm talking about? You can relate to that, can't you? Hope not. Hopefully not tonight, though. But I mean, I have I remember just why am I so tired? And you just you try to, you know, Brother Brandon says, pinch your conscience. Pinch your conscience. We're we're the devil wants to lull us to sleep and and make us feel comfortable and and we need we need one another. We need to help one another. &gt;&gt; We we've got to stay the course. We've got to press into more of Christ. We got to grow to the statue of a perfect man. We got to erase the finish. We got to be desperate. Hebrews chapter 6 verse 1 through9. Lord, help me to to do all these scriptures, but there's many many more. Leaving therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ. That's the beginning part of Christ. Your beginning walk, the things that you were asked to do. And um let us go on to perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance and faith toward God and of doctrine, of baptism, laying on of the hands of resurrection of the dead and eternal judgment. And this we will do if God permits. But it's not what Paul is trying to get the bride to the the the the mature man to. God has an expectation of us moving forward beyond where we're at to the image of God and not just drifting, not just coasting. For it is impossible for those who are once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and have tasted of the good word of God, and of the powers of the world to come, if they shall fall away, to renew themselves again unto repentance, seeing they have crucified to themselves the Son of God aresh, and put him to an open shame. For the earth which drinkkeeth in the rain, that cometh often uponth, and bringeth forth herbs, meat of them by whom it is dressed, receiveth the blessings from God. But that which is which beareth thorns and briars, is rejected, and is nigh unto cursing, whose end is to be burned. So even though the the the briars and the thorns, they received the the rain that came down and they were able to take that and grow and and to rejoice and to be excited and and with the blessings of God. Yet because they have rejected they have rejected the word of God, they will be rejected. You can't measure where you're standing with God by how much he blesses you. You just can't do that. &gt;&gt; But beloved, I love this here. But beloved, going back to what he was saying in verse one, but beloved, we are persuaded better things of you and the things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak. Now, what are those things? That you continue on. Continue on to come to that statue of a perfect man. Read about it in Peter there. All right. Luke chapter 19. Just a couple examples here that we want to try to get through. Luke chapter 19, the story of of of uh Zachcharias and and Jesus had a pass by in verse one. And in verse two, behold, there was a man named Zachcharias. Zakius, I'm sorry. Zakius, which was And how why do you let me get away with that? You should need to be correcting me. I'm expecting you, brother Marty. You're slipping back there. You And behold, there was a man named Zakius, which was the chief. He was the chief among all the publicans. And he was rich. And he sought to see Jesus, who he was, and could not for the press, because he was of little statue. And he ran before and climbed up into a sycamore tree to see him, and he was to pass that way. And when Jesus came to that place, he looked up and saw him and said unto him, uh, Zakius, make haste, and come down, for today I must abide at thy house. And he made haste, and he came down and received him joyfully. And when they had saw it, they all murmured, saying that he that Jesus was going to be a guest with a man that is a sinner. And Zakius stood and said unto the Lord, "Behold, Lord, the half of my goods I give to the poor, and if I have taken anything from any man by false accusation, I will restore him four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for four for fourfold." And Jesus said unto him, "This day is salvation come to this house, for as much as he also is a son of Abraham. For the son of man has come to seek and to save that which was lost. Now to me this is a beautiful example of of of of a that we read in Ezekiel there about turning from your wickedness and and giving your heart to Jesus Christ. And I I'm not just going to repent and get baptized, but I I'm serious business with this. And and if I've if I done anything wrong, I want to make it right. And I'm going to I'm going to even go above and beyond. I'm going to restore four times. So I could say that Zakius, he cared enough. He cared enough where there's so many examples in the Bible of not caring enough. Cain cared. Cain cared. He literally brought a sacrifice unto God. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says it was an excellent sacrifice. By the way, he cared, but he didn't care enough. Because when the word came to him and said, "Look, if you just do well, you continue on, you're going to be accepted." So, he cared, but he didn't care enough. Judas cared. He was an outstanding member of the church of Jesus Christ. He became the treasure of the church. He took care of the finances. He supported the ministry. He was a witness of so many miracles. And he was probably part of those who who passed out the bread and and and gave the fishes. He cared, but he didn't care enough. He didn't stay with it to the end. There were 70 disciples who cared. They cared about the ministry of Jesus Christ. They they cared enough to add and help the 12 disciples to pray over the sick, to cast out demons, to help spread the good news. These 70 disciples, they cared, but they didn't care enough because they stopped caring. And when you stop caring, you cut yourself off from God. And Jesus looked at his 12 disciples when they left and he said, "Will you go? Will you also go away? Are you are you going to also stop caring?" And then Simon Peter answered, "Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou has the words of eternal life." We're not leaving the word of God. We're not leaving church. We're not leaving the word. We're not leaving the message. We're not leaving the unveiling of the word of Christ. We're not leaving getting the revelation. We're not we're not condescending to use in our own thinking to try to figure out God. But we believe in the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; And and and God chose to unveil himself. If I want us to think about this, if it's okay for us to not be in church, then why are we here? &gt;&gt; Why don't we just stay home like those that do stay home? because we're going to make it. You understand what I'm saying here? Every Christian ought to have a home church and he ought to be there supporting his pastor and doing everything he can to supporting the body. That's what the prophet said. If you're in the message and you believe the message, that ought to be what's going that should be happening. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't care what the excuses are. To me, I'd rather stay with what the prophet said than try to let the devil. Let's stand together. God bless you. I want you to know this was less than our message today. All right, let's let's sing. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Never let it go. Time is filled with swift transition. Not of earth unmoved and stand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may bring, if thy earthly friends forsake, still more closely to him cling. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, to God's unchanging hands. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. of it not this world's vain riches that so rapidly decay seek to gain the heavenly treasure they will never pass away [Music] to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have a hand that will not let go. The Bible tells us that no man can pluck us out of his hand. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing. Victory ahead. Victory ahead. I believe there is a finish line. Amen. When the host of Israel led by God around the world, trusting in the Lord, they help the conquerors tread. and
