################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-18 - 12.17.25 - Getting To Know God More - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-18
Title:   12.17.25 - Getting To Know God More - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMc3VO87xnY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
what God can do It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll pardon you. It is no secret what God can do. Amen. Let's just believe that. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he'll do for you. With arms wide open, he'll braw you. It is no secret what God can do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, and if he hasn't done it for you, just look to somebody has done it. They're a testimony. That's why testimonies are are important in people's lives because when you see it God doing something in somebody else's life and encourages to believe that he can do it in yours. Amen. I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. This afternoon, Amen. we're having electrical or uh technical difficulties is common, but God is not into technical things. He's into our hearts. So, amen. Brother Jonathan, can you open us with a word of prayer? Yes, Lord. Amen. Amen. You may be seated, man. Amen. Well, let's just uh you can turn to 594 in your book, but we should know this. Holy Spirit. Amen. Let's just welcome his spirit. Holy Spirit, thou are welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou are welcome in this place. infinite father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou are welcome in this place. Holy Spirit, thou are welcome in this place. An inident father of mercy and grace, thou are welcome in this place. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just make a welcoming atmosphere for our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. uh in your green book uh 314. Amen. Uh little town of Bethlehem. Amen. Oh little town of Bethlehem, how still we see thee there. Abore thy deep and dreamless sleep. Thy similar stars go by. Yet in thy dark street shineth, the everlasting light. The hopes and fears of all the years are met in thee tonight. For Christ is born of Mary and greeted all above. While mortals sleep, the angels keep their watch of wondering love. Oh morning stars together proclaim the holy birth and praising to the God of kings and peace to men on earth. How silently how silently the wondrous gifts is given. So God imparts to human hearts the blessings of his heaven. Nor ear may hear his coming. But in this world of sin where meek souls will receive him still the ice giver in. Oh holy child of Bethlehem, descend we pray. Cast out our sin internal and the born in us today. We hear the Christmas angels, the great glad tidings tell. Oh, come to us. Abide with us. Our Lord Emmanuel. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Uh, oh, I want to see him. That is in the other book, page eight. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Nothing's easy, you know. You just uh we just got to press on. Amen. As I journey through the land, singing as I go, morning souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from withoutin. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. When in service for my Lord, dark may be the night. But I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan snares may vex my soul, turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead, leads me where be thie. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. On the streets of glory, grown in saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice when in valley slow I look to the mountains high and behold my savior there leading in the fight with a tender hand outstretch towards the valley low guiding me I can see as I onward go Oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last, ever to rejoice when before me bell rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my path. He does safely keep. He and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Dare to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass him at last. Ever to rejoice. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I like that last part. Ever to rejoice. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to sing Away in the manger. That should be 317 in the green. The little Lord Jesus he did he had the stars in the sky looked down where he he lay. The little Lord Jesus I sleep in the hay. Jesus, the Lord Jesus, he makes I love thee. A little Lord Jesus. I Jesus endless need. Amen. I don't understand how this is going. Oh, I'm sorry. It's my fault. Okay, let's go ahead, sister. Be near me, Lord Jesus. I asked Thee to stay close by me forever. I love me, I pray. Bless all the dill children in thy tender care and take us to heaven to live with thee there. Amen. Let's just sing of this again. Away in the manger, no crib for a bread. The little Lord Jesus laid down his sweet head. The stars in the sky looked down where he lay. The little Lord Jesus asleep on the hay. The cattle are lowing, the baby awakes. But little Lord Jesus, no crying he makes. I love thee, Lord Jesus. Look down from the sky. The stay by the cradle till morning is night. Be near me, Lord Jesus. I ask thee to stay close by me forever. I love thee, I pray. Bless all the dill children in thy tender care, and take us to heaven to live with thee there. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I just want to change the service. Amen. Amen. You know, just because we're having difficulties, that doesn't mean that God's not here. I mean, our lives are cumbered with difficulties, but we are to overcome them. So, we are more than conquerors. Amen. In Christ. Amen. Well, uh let's just pray for all those that aren't here. Amen. It's glad to see all those that are here. Amen. Pressing on. Amen. Uh let's just remember brother Dennis isn't here. Just pray for him and his situation with his um prostrate. Amen. um for whom wherever not here that you don't see for whatever reason. Uh let's just uh our sister Jeanie has a request for her grandson Daniel. He's having eye surgery. So let's just remember him. Amen. And I mean I think uh like our our sister Linda and so many others has had eye surgeries that you know our eyes are important. We want to be able to see. You know, we walk by faith, but we still live in a in a world that we need to be able to see. Amen. And I just pray that the Lord not only opens his natural eyes, but his spiritual eyes, too. Amen. Also for Sister Cheryl's dad. Amen. unknown situation there, but I pray that the Lord's in the middle of it and that uh they find a resolve for his his stay. Amen. Also, uh our sister Linda has a request. Uh please pray for my friend uh Kimmy. She is going through many trials. She needs God's strength to help her through. Amen. She loves the Lord and is requesting prayer. Amen. Please pray for my greatgrandson Ezekiel. He has been very sick. Amen. So, uh if you could also just pray for my daughter. Um she had um she has stripped throat. She went to the uh um emergency clinic or whatever and they gave her benadryil and she went home and she had an allergic reaction and um uh she never had it before. She take benadryil a bunch of times, but I think in childbirth your hormones can change your your body. And uh she's fine now, but she had to be rushed uh she had to be rushed back and uh uh the ambulance had to come. So it was a pretty dire thing. So um we just pray for um protection for everybody's home and you know the holidays here with sickness and the weather and things like that. So let's just keep always praying for one another. Amen. And their families. Amen. also. So, let's just um uh oh uh our sister Donna also also wants to uh just thank the church for all that they've done, all the prayers that's gone out and all that. Uh we just our prayers are with you, Sister Donna, if you're live streaming and know that uh we're with you even though we're not there. So we just pray that uh your spirits would be lifted and um we'll see you when we see it. Amen. So let's just stand. Amen. If anybody would have requests on their heart, just lift it before the Lord and uh just believe that he answers prayer. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, Lord, it's our privilege to lay at your feet. It's our privilege, Lord, to be able to come to a all knowing God that answers prayer, Lord. Lord, in this, we come, Lord. We come by faith, Lord God. For that is the only thing that's acceptable to you, Lord God. It's without faith we can't please you, Lord. I know it's everybody's desire in here, Lord, that we please you tonight, Lord. So, our faith reaches out, Lord, above our things that we see with our eyes, Lord, things that we hear, Lord. And we just believe on your word tonight, Lord. We also believe, Lord, that the word that you're going to bring through our brother John tonight, Lord, will strengthen us in the hour that we're in, Lord. Not only give us strength, Lord, but give us something to hold on to, Lord, in this dying world, Lord. We love you. We praise you, Lord. We give you all the glory. And we look forward to, Lord, the revelation you're going to bring tonight through your word in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's just pray for the offerings, too. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we stand before you tonight, Lord, we stand here, Lord, because somebody had a revelation, Lord. Each one of us here are here because somebody introduced us or you came and you introduced yourself Lord to us Lord and Lord and through that Lord we have a a place to abide in Lord a place to come and call our church Lord and Lord we're so blessed Lord with the uh the doctrine Lord and the the the belief that's in this church Lord the prayer warriors that are here and it's All because Lord of you. So Lord, as we put our trust in you, we also pay our tithes, Lord. We pay our offerings, Lord. For we know, Lord God, that you're working on us, Lord. And this is such a little thing for us to do, Lord. But we believe by faith, Lord God, that you're going to see us through, Lord. And we we give our offerings and our tithes to you, Lord, in Jesus name. We pray that you would bless them. and Lord put them to use as you see fit in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. May be seated. Amen. Onward Christian soldiers. Amen. What a song. Amen. 18 in the green in the only believe book. Onward Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before Christ the royal master leads against the foe. Oh, forward into battle. See his banners go onward. Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before like a mighty army moves a church of God. Brothers, we are dreading where the saints have tried. We are not divided. All one body be hope and doctrine, one in charity. Onward. Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before. Crowns and thorns may perish. Kingdom rise in Wayne. But the church of Jesus constant will remain. Gates of hell can never against the church prevail. We have Christ's own promise which can never fail. Onward Christians. solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before onward then ye join our happy throng. Blend with our voicees in the triumph song. Glory, lad, and honor and to Christ the King. Thus through countless ages men and angels sing. Onward. Christian solders marching as to war with the cross of Jesus going on before. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing uh Ark the Herald Angels sing. Amen. Hark the herald angels sing. Glory to the newborn king. Peace on earth and mercy mild. God and sinners reconile. Joyful ye nation rise. Join the triumph of the skies with angelic hosts proclaim. Christ is born in Bethlehem. Hark the herald angels sing. Glory to the newborn king. Christ by highest heaven abote. Christ the everlasting Lord. Late in time behold he come offsprings of a virgin's womb failed and flush the godhead sea have the greatested deity pleas with men to appear. Jesus our Emmanuel is here. Hark the herald angels sing. Glory to the newborn king. Hail the heavenborn prince of peace. Hail the son of righteousness. Light and life to all who he brings. risen with him on healing wings. Mid he lays his glory by. Born that man no more may die. Born to raise the sons of earth. Born to give the second birth. Heck the herald angels sing. Glory to the newborn king. Come desire of nations. Come fix in us the humble home. Raise the womb. It's the conquering seed. Bruise in us the serpent's head. Adam's likeness now in faith. Stamp the image in this place. Second Adam from above. Reason us in thy love. Hark the herald angels sing. Glory to the newborn king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's stand as we just sing uh bind us together. Amen. We all need to be binded in the body of Christ. Amen. As our brother comes, let's just bind us together with the word tonight. Amen. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with cords that cannot be broken. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with love. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with cords that cannot be broken. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with love. Amen. Oh, bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with cords that would cannot be broken. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with love. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you. God bless you. The lighting seems a little different here tonight, doesn't it? Seems like a little bit seems a little dark, but um Jesus is the light of the world. Amen. God bless you. Bind us together with cords that cannot be broken. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Other words, let the trials come. The gates of hell shall not prevail against us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's good to see everyone here in the house of the Lord. And so good to see Emma and grandma. God bless you. Um let's look to the Lord in a word of prayer. I wonder if there'd be anybody here that say, "I have a need and I want God to speak to me." Amen. Let's believe as we approach him in prayer. Heavenly Father, thank you that you've made it possible for us to be here in your house today. And Lord, uh we are we have an expectation that you are here because you you care about us. You care about our our needs and we're coming to Jehovah Gyra, the one that's able to supply all of our needs. And thank you for for caring about us, Lord. Thank you for being a caring, loving God that you don't forsake your own. You said you'd never leave us nor forsake us, Lord, like our own children that sometimes are not uh obedient, but we would never give up on them. You never give up on us, Lord. We just love you, and we invite you, Lord, to come in this part of the service, Lord. Would you cleanse us of our sins and our iniquities and any unbelief that would stand in the way of knowing you a little bit more, Lord. Father, we ask that you would bless your people now. Inspire us with revelation from above. Take these lips of clay and Lord, speak through them. and we'll give you the praise and honor as we commit the service and all of our lives into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Turn with me if you would to the book of uh Psalms for we have just one scripture to read. Psalms chapter 46. Psalms chapter 46. Um, brother Alex uh was, if I could say it like this, was right in line with what we were studying before he came. And he ministered on seeing him who is invisible. And it's hard to know a God who's invisible. You have to find other senses. Right? when you lose one of your senses, we're told that other senses come to the forefront &gt;&gt; and um when we can't use our eyesight to see God, then we have to by faith is that sense we see him. And so we want to talk about getting to know God more. And so I know brother Ron had had uh prayed that we'd be encouraged. So, if I could say it like this, if there be an encouragement to anyone that wants to know God, I think we have some scriptures that could point us in the right direction. Amen. Psalms chapter 46, we're going to read verse number 10. Be still and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the heathen. I will be exalted in the earth. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. Well, there's no shortages of opinions who God is. Everybody has an opinion. I don't care if you're at the barber shop. I don't care if you're at the chiropractor. I don't care if you're at the store. Everybody has got an opinion who God is. I have had people claiming to be an atheist telling me their opinion about this unknown power. There are churches with different beliefs, various denominations. We've got pro uh podcast and lectures and conferences and Bible colleges and books and books and books telling us who God is. Did you ever talk to someone who wasn't actively serving God, but they wanted to tell you about God &gt;&gt; or they wanted to tell you what you need to be doing? So it's not hard to find someone who's got an opinion who God is and about God. Jesus said, "Many will come to me in my name saying, I uh I am Christ." In other words, I am a Christian. I am Christlike. I'm the one that you should be listening to. And what Jesus said, "And will deceive many." the person who says they're from Christ, they're going to talk to you and what they're going to do is they're going to deceive you. Many Jesus said, "So, it's important that not all people that say that they know God that you should listen to." I'm so glad that we have a Bible to know the truth. And uh as brother Ron was saying in his prayer, I believe that you that we we have the right doctrine. We have the truth here, but you understand we're we're not in church 24/7. We talk to other people. And and they and and and we know that the devil is always trying to get us to compromise. What is the the the hardest spirit in this age? It it's Leodysa. And the spirit of Leodysia is I don't I'm in need of nothing. I don't need to do any more than what I'm doing. I'm just fine. Thank you. But Jesus looks at those people with that mentality. And he says, "You're blind. You you you don't you don't see spiritually. You're you're not even clothed with my righteousness." And and so you're naked and you're you're not where you need to be. And he says, "You need to get your eyes for your eyes. is you need to um you need to get my spirit inside of you so you can truly know me. People who serve God in their own way, if I could say it like this, are serving God in vain. There's a way that seemth right unto man, but the end but the end of that man or the end of that way is is not God's way. And it's no different with people who worship God in their own way. I'm not talking about worshiping God from the dictates of your heart. I'm talking about people who worship God. They just want to do it their way. Well, Jesus said, "You don't even know what you worship." In other words, you're worshiping someone unknown to you. And he says, "In vain do they worship me." So, we can worship God in vain. We could worship uh u the the unknown God and not even know him. Jesus said in John 4:23, "But the hour cometh, and now is that the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth. For the Father seeketh such to worship him. For God is the spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." So, if I could say it like this, if our goal is not to come into church and worship God in the spirit, in the spirit of the Holy Ghost and in the truth that you know him, then God's not going to receive our worship. It's in vain because God has a requirement. And see, but but the spirit is it doesn't matter what you do. It doesn't matter how you worship. It does it does matter. It does matter if God doesn't come and uh uh his presence doesn't come and from our depths of our heart and honesty and truth and humility worship him then it's in vain. It takes pure humility to worship God correctly. Pure humility. Many people think they know God but they don't. Jesus said in Matthew 7:22, "We've often quoted. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name, and in thy name cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works, and then will I profess unto them, I never knew you." Here are people that use the name of Christ. They work. They've done works. They've been recognized. They've even got gifts. Speak in tongues, prophesy, uh, interpretation of tongues. And God saying, you know what? We didn't have a personal relationship. And this is the hardest thing for people. And look, this happens at the end. Jesus said, many shall say to me in that day, why do we want to wait till that day to find out we were wrong? &gt;&gt; I'd rather find out on this side. &gt;&gt; That way, I have a chance to make it right. Brother said and why it had to be shepherds. He says so they did not recognize him because it didn't fit their interpretation. See every man is right in his own eyes. This is the way I see God. This is what I believe. Like that matters. It don't matter what I believe. It doesn't matter my opinion. I should say what matters is that I agree with the word of God. That's what matters. We will never ever know God outside of genuine humility because God hides himself from the wise and prudent. God resists the proud. The Bible says that God confounds the wise and the mighty. Now there's scriptures for all these things. So we need if we want to know God more. How many wants to know God more? We've got to get dressed with humility. It's a must. Isaiah 57:15, if you want to write that down, those of you that are taking notes, uh Isaiah 57:15, for thus saith the high and lofty one, the one that inhabitth eternity, so we're speaking of God now, whose name is holy, I dwell in the high and holy place with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit. Notice no pride in there, no arrogancy, just a true broken and and humble spirit. And his goal is to revive the spirit of the humble and to revive the heart of the contrite ones. So God, we have to get in this condition if we want God to dwell with us. So notice the word is dwell. God will come and bless his enemies. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. God will bless. But when it comes to dwelling, that's another story. You got to maintain humility. You got to maintain the right spirit, the right attitude. We have to be humble enough to find our answers in the word of God. Jesus said in John 5:39, "Search the scriptures. Search the scriptures for in them you think you think you have eternal life." But the scriptures are what testifies of whether you got eternal life or not. So in other words, Jesus is saying here, "Your opinion don't matter. My opinion don't matter. What matters is that we search the scriptures and we find out whether we got eternal life or not. And ye and look what he says in verse 40. And you will not come to me that you might have life. Now why was that? Why is that? Why will not people come to Jesus that they may have life? Because of pride. They don't want to be told they're wrong. They want they they they they would rather stay with where they're at. But Jesus said, "Search the scriptures." So, let's take a moment and search the scriptures. We're talking about knowing God more. Let's look at 2 Corinthians chapter 5. 2 Corinthians chapter 5. People assume that they know God. But we know to assume is to venture without authority. And that's very dangerous. That's why many of people come in that day and say, "I thought I thought I knew you." And here's the evidence that I knew you. all these wonderful things that I did, but that doesn't constitute knowing God. And it's it's it takes real humility to say, "Well, maybe I don't." No, like I should maybe I don't maybe I really, you know, Paul, this man was learned above he was learned by the best in his age, the greatest teacher, Galia. He said, "I had to give up everything I knew to know God." Now that took a lot of humility. That took a lot of humility. 2 Corinthians chapter 5 verse 14. The Bible says here, "For the love of Christ constrainth us, because we thus judge that if one died for all, then we're all dead." So what does that mean? like God saved us. We're we're in debt to God. We're dead. We're debt to doing our will anymore. Right? He paid a debt. We He didn't say pay the debt. Go do what you want to do. And this is what I like about this verse. It says, "The love of Christ constrains us because we thus judge." We're making a judgment call right here. Christ died for us at Calvary. We we are now in debt to him. And I like it. It's a judgment call. We don't we don't need to go through it anymore. So now he begins to describe this in verse 15. And that he died for all that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them and rose again. So there it is. We no longer are supposed to live for ourselves. Just because Jesus died on the cross, he wasn't a Santa Claus. He becomes our our savior, our Lord, and we don't live for oursel anymore. We live on him. Now, how do I live for him? Search the scriptures. It tells you how to live for God. Wherefore, henceforth know we no man after the flesh. Yay, though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we him no more. We're not looking to the outside. The only way you we can know Christ is in the spirit. And the thing is, God is not obligated to come to you or me just because we want him to. We have to get in an atmosphere of I'm unworthy. Lord, I need you, a an atmosphere of humility. And then God God will come because God is faithful. But he resists the proud. If we're like, I don't care. It's just service. It doesn't matter. You know, God is not going to honor that. God God will never honor that. God honors those that are are are true in their heart. They're sincere in their heart and they're they they know their place. They're in debt to God. So we know God after the spirit. Therefore, in verse 17, if any man be in Christ, he is new. He's a new creature. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things have become new. Now, a new creature, I'm telling you, that's two different things. That's the difference between a cat and a dog. It's not a different type of dog. It's it's a it's it's a new creature. But this is why when you see a a a a a Christian that he's sold out, he's an oddball to the to the church world, to the world. Because most churches out there, they just want you to believe what they what they're presenting, this doctrine, but you live pretty much any way you want to. and and and so therefore uh old things are really not passed away. In other words, no matter what church you go to, you act the same way. But when you come to Christ and Christ comes into your heart, he changes your nature and the old nature goes away. So the old things that you used to do, they just don't happen anymore. Behold, all things are become new and all things are of God. So this is the true evidence whether you have eternal life right now. This here is the scripture that tells you you got eternal life. Not just I believe and I've been baptized. you. It's not just saying you believe and you got baptized because this scripture is telling you that old things have to be passed away. There has to be a a bornag again experience to where you can look back and say, "I used to do this, but now I'm like this." And it happened not because I chose it, but because I let the Holy Ghost in my life and it just happened organically. Oh, isn't that beautiful? All things are of God who have reconciled us to to himself by Jesus Christ and had given to us the ministry of reconciliation. There it is. You no longer live for yourself. That's what we read at the beginning of the scripture that if Christ died for me, we no longer live for ourselves but we live for others. That is the ministry of reconciliation. God makes us ambassadors and we start bringing others to the knowledge of Christ. We start showing them the way of the new nature, the way to really become born again. Knowing God is becoming God in nature. Knowing God is becoming God in nature. That's the whole thing about letting the Holy Ghost inside. No wonder Paul was saying after 33 years I haven't attained yet. I haven't apprehended yet because he saw that there was more in his life that needed to die out and there was more in his life that he needed to attain to. He never was at the place, yeah, I'm there. I'm the model Christian. You you'll look at me. I mean, he was a leader. He did say, "Follow me as I follow Christ." But if I ever tell you anything different than I've already told you, don't you listen to me. I don't care if an angel tells you something different. I know what I've told you is the truth. But see, the spirit that he had was he wanted to get to know God more. He wanted all the old things to pass away. He wanted all things to become new. And he wanted his whole life to become God. I believe he had the same spirit that that Job had when Job said, "I will not be satisfied until I awake in his likeness. I want to be in the image of God completely." And and and Paul was never satisfied. He was serious. He really wanted to get to know God more. And I wish we could say all we got to do is go to church and we're going to get to know God more. I wish that was all we had to do. I wish all we had to do was read the Bible and we'd know God more. But what it really takes is the giving of your spirit and your heart to God. You got to say, "God, come inside of me." There's a reality to God. Paul said, "All that I might know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings being made conformable unto his death." He said, "I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." Something inside of Paul was just excited about serving God 33 years later than he was on the road to uh Damascus when God met him. Be still and know that I am God. God gives us a ministry of reconciliation. And Paul and David said,"I will be exalted among the heathen. I will be exalted in the earth." Then how is that going to happen? God is going um the uh uh the fields are white unto the harvest, but the laborers are few. The way that that people get to know God is through the disciples who go and tell others who don't know God, this is the way walking in it. I remember there was a time in my life that I did not know God. People tried telling me about God. I even went to church, brother Ron, but I didn't know God. But you know God is here right now. God is here right now. All we have to do is number one, believe that he's here. And simply number two, believe that all you have to do is follow what the word tells you to do because he gives the Holy Ghost to them that obey him. So there we have to just we have to do more than say God is here, but now we got to listen to what the word is saying and walk in it. Now, this is really what prompted this whole service today is Acts chapter 17. We're going to do it like a lengthy reading here. Acts chapter 17. We want to start with verse 16. He's happy to be a Christian. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many is happy about saying amen? &gt;&gt; All right, starting with verse number 16. Now, while Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred inside of him. And when he saw the whole city just given to idolatry, he walked into the city and they were all just into idolatry. Therefore disputed he in the synagogues with the Jews and with the devout persons and in the market daily with them that met with him. In other words, he was going around to everybody and he was talking to them about their situation because they were um worshiping and serving idol gods. And Paul is trying to say, "No, this is this is not going to get you to heaven. Then certain philosophers of EP epicurans and of the Stoics encountered him and some said, "What will this babbler say?" He was a prophet. They're calling him a babbler. others some other some he seemth to be a setter forth of strange gods because he preaches unto them Jesus and the resurrection. So, he's walking into an area that they don't know Jesus and they're looking at him as they're as he's speaking strangely to them. And they took him and brought him unto Arus, saying, May we know what this new doctrine whereof thou speakest is? For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears, we would know therefore what these things mean. For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else but either to tell or to hear some new thing. You know what this sounds like? This sounds this sounds like the old Google, the old internet. you know, let's just let's just find out something new, something to occupy our time like in vain, right? Just learn new new things, but it doesn't matter. Verse 22, then Paul stood in the midst of Mars Hill and said, "You men of Athens, I perceive that in all things you are too superstitious. where I have passed by and beheld your devotions and I found an altar with this inscription to the unknown God whom therefore you ignorantly worship him declare I unto you. So here's Paul coming in to this group of people trying to tell them who God is because they didn't know. They said to the unknown God and they tried to worship the unknown god and Paul is saying you can know this God. You can know him because he's here. He's here. God that made the world and all things therein seen that he is Lord of heaven and earth dwelleth not in temples made with hands. Neither is worship with men's hands. As though he needed anything seen, he giveth to all life and breath and all things, and have made one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and have determined the times before appointed and the bonds of their habitation. So here it is. They're describing God who created the whole earth and all the different nationalities, all the different nations, all the different people. He's made them all one blood. It's ma he's made it possible for all of them to know God. That's what he's saying here at the appointed time. Because we are all called at different times to know God. &gt;&gt; That's why he says at the appointed time. And maybe today is the appointed time that you could get to know God more. Maybe it is. It's I believe it's all what what happens inside of you. Now, verse 27, that they should seek the Lord. Here's here's the antidote right here to get to know God more. That they should seek the Lord if happily they might feel after him. Feel after him. So, just imagine you've all done this. You've all woke up in the middle of the night. The lights are off. You're trying to walk somewhere and you can't see, but you're going like this. You know what I'm talking about. So, we don't see this God because he's invisible. So, we have to with our faith feel after him. Are you with me? that they should seek the Lord, if happily they might feel after him and find him, though he be not far from every one of us. He's here. He's not far. But we have to do our part to seek after him, to feel after him, to say, "God, I know you're here. I just got to get in contact with you. Brother Brandon talked about that we have TV waves going through the room, radio waves going through the room, but we don't know what they are. They're invisible. We can't see them. But if we had a receiver and then we could display it called a TV or a radio, then we could know what waves are going through the room. Well, God is here. We just need a receiver. And that receiver is Lord, I am hungering and thirsting to know you. There's there's more of you. I'm not satisfied with just, oh, I got baptized and and I just, you know, I go to this church and I'm saved. That is not it. It's about a personal relationship. I want to know you more, Lord. Oh, I just love this scripture. That verse is what popped the whole message to me. Verse 28. For in him, for in God we live and we move and have our being. As certain also of your own poets have said, for we are also his offspring. Notice how he just takes what they don't even know really what they're just ignorantly worshiping this unknown God and how he makes known to to them who the true God is. And that's what we've been blessed with. We've been blessed with the truth and we should be able to tell others the truth that we know. Amen. For as much then as we are the offspring of God, we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold or silver or stone or graven uh a graven by art and man's device. For the times of this ignorance, God wked at, but now God commandeth every command all men everywhere to repent. Isn't that something? All men God has is commanded to repent and and and get get right with him. I love those scriptures. Love those scriptures. Be still and know that I am God. Now what is really required first to know God is stillness. That's the first thing. Get still. No wonder God leads his sheep beside still waters. Psalms 23 verse1. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lay down in green pastures. He leadth me beside still waters. God is interested in us being still in our heart, in our spirit, in our mind that he may teach us his way. Now, I remember I'll never forget this, but I was asking brother Brandham's uh son um what did brother Brand because we had at that time, well, we still do. We just had seven little ones that were just, you know, running around and having their way. And it's uh when you've never been taught, you know, how do you have order in the church? you uh you just want all the advice you could get. And I knew that um Brother Brandham probably heard from God how to handle his home. So I asked his son, "What did your dad do when you guys were being bad?" And this was his answer. I've shared it before. He said he would just get us and he would set us down. and he would just settle us down and he would just settle us down. That's all he said. He was stilling the spirit so that he could bring order to what was going on. Be still. That's the first thing we need to do if we really want to know God more is be still. get away from the busyiness of our mind, our thoughts, what we're doing, what we want to do, and get our mind clear, like a like a blank state, so God can speak. Because God doesn't want to have to shout over everything because God's is a still soft voice. He's not one that just, you know, yells all the time. He He wants us to want him. And so we need to be still. And so I say this, if you want your you want uh things to be have more order in the house, the thing to do is still the spirit. Be still from the busyiness of your mind, your life, your goals, your plans, your dreams. How many has gone hunting before? Hey, keep your hand up for just a second. Okay. Well, I I I'm just going to use you, Joy. when you've gone out hunting. I I'm imagine it was your dad that you went out with. Okay. Do you remember your dad saying, "Now, you need to be quiet. You need to be still. You don't want to spook the deer." Because, you know, God is timid. That's why we need order in church. He's not all for this getting up and leaving and just, you know, drawing and having lots of do whatever you want to do in here while church is going on. God is not pleased with that. And so, just like we need to be still hunting, we need to be still if we want to know God. What that one Indian used to say, walk once, look them twice or board five times or whatever that is, you know, before you take your next move because it just it's a requirement if you want to see deer. You can't be just, you know, playing your boom box and uh, you know, just they're not obligated to come. Deer are not obligated to come to your blind. If you if you do not be quiet, they're not going to come. And I'll just say it like this. If you're not going to be still before God, don't expect to know him more. It's a requirement. It's like a reverence that he's he's wanting from us. So, in order to know God more, we must come out of our busy mind and still our thoughts. Keep our mind stayed on him. Look for him to speak in the stillness of your thoughts. Look for God to speak to you. Because here's the thing, God is here. He made it. Paul made it real clear that he is here. He's not far from every one of us. I don't care where we live, what city we live in, what state, what country, God is there. So, we can know God, but we got to steal ourselves and be serious about God. speak to me. There are so many things to gain when we still ourselves before God. Isaiah 40 29 says, "He giveth power to the faint, and to them that have no might, he increasth his strength. Even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. But they that wait upon the Lord, they shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint by just waiting. Just be still and wait on God. And all of a sudden, you got spiritual strength that you didn't have prior to going to prayer. God honors when you spend time with him. Just in the simplicity, you know, the whole world, the whole world wants God to come and just meet all their needs without a relationship. That's how the attitude of the world is. And God's saying, I I want a relationship. The reason you got these test and trials is so you start calling on me. Is so you start looking to me and say, uh, I need your help, Lord. So if we don't steal ourselves from our own carnal mindset, then we're going to really miss out on knowing God. 1 Corinthians chapter 2:14 says 1 Corinthians chapter 2:14, "But the natural man," that's that's all of us here. The natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God. What does that tell you? We're all natural, right? We're all natural and we're all spiritual. I mean, we're a natural and a spiritual, but the natural part of us receives not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him. What? I got to spend time praying to get strength. That's foolish. I got to pray before service. I got to prepare my I got TO STEAL MY NO, I GOT I'm so busy. I don't got time for that. It's foolish. Neither can he know them because they are spiritually discerned. So if we just take that one verse for a second, if the natural man cannot receive the the things of God which is here right among us, that means I need to get out of the natural man. I need to get out of that atmosphere and get into the spirit that I can receive from him because he's here. We don't need We don't need great music and a great ministry to know that God's here. &gt;&gt; What we need is just faith in the word of God. And if if the word of God says I can't receive from him spiritually, then then what our our goal should be to try to enter into the spirit. Worship God with all of our heart. Put our heart into worship. Don't just well, however, no. Put your heart into it. Because if you want to meet God, you you you've got to express that with your whole being. Look at verse number 11 of of 1 Corinthians chapter 2:1 says, "For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him, even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the spirit of God." So we need God to show us. We can't depend on our ability to figure out things. We need God to show us. If the natural man cannot receive the things of God, then the natural man must learn to be still because a man at his very best is all vanity. He can't know God on his own. So he must learn to be still so that the spirit can begin to speak to us and we can really really know God. Now you know it's by revelation. So we got to we got to cast out all understanding. Lean not to your own understanding, your own intellect, your own way of thinking. You got to get it out of the way because his thoughts are higher than our thoughts. And it it it takes that stillness to let God come in and and just reveal himself. The natural man must steal his reasoning, his memory, his conscience, and all those gates, imagination and affections. The natural man must be still because the spirit of God wants to speak to us. He does. We How How many remember brother Brandham said that God wants to give us the Holy Ghost more than we want it? We think that's that's weird. I really want it. What do you mean he wants to give it more? We want it, but then we'll go days and we won't even think about it. But God, don't stop thinking about it because what is the Holy Ghost? What is the Holy Ghost? It is God. It is God himself. God wants to fill you with himself more than you want to get filled with God. In order for you to to really make it happen, you've got to you got to be willing to die out because that's the only way the Holy Ghost will come in. And that's why he could say, brother Bam could say that he wants to give it to you more than you want it yourself. Jesus was talking to Peter and to his disciples and he said, "You rub shoulders with everybody in the marketplace." And Jesus asked him, "Who do men say that I the son of man?" And everyone was busy giving their carnal opinions. Some would say thou John the Baptist, Elias, Jeremiah or one of the prophets. In other words, they were just, you know, given their opinion of who God was. No different than today. Who do men say that that Jesus is? Well, he's a Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, apostolic, church, church of God, Assemblies, Lutheran, or he's an independent. These are people who are learning what others got to say about Jesus. That's what this is. But notice Jesus is not building his church upon what other people say about him. We've got to know Jesus ourself and we've got to be still so God could speak to us. And I believe God is asking us as individuals, but whom say ye that I am? Peter heard all the different opinions who Jesus was, but nothing settled in his heart. And he got this revelation, thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. And Jesus said, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood has not revealed this unto thee, but my father which is in heaven, God is the only one who can really tell us who God is." But we need to be still long enough that we might know God more. And he said, "Upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Here's the thing. If somebody can talk you into who God is, that means somebody can come along and talk you out of it. Knowledge, the only thing knowledge ever does is puff you up. If you do not have a heart to really want God, your knowledge will end up hurting you because people get knowledge and they think it's suffice. Knowledge should take you to knowing God by revelation. &gt;&gt; Right? So we got we got the knowledge of predestination. The prophet said, "I'm predestinated." Got that knowledge. So the devil takes that knowledge that you got and makes you sit real comfortable. But God gives you a revelation, says you're predestinated. You need to get to you need to be in the image of this book. YOU NEED TO PRESS IN. YOU need to become more like me because you've been predestinated. See, showing that revelation gives a different inspiration than just knowledge. And that's why knowledge is dangerous. When Saul was on the road to Damascus, God had to eject him off his high horse and said, "Be still, Saul. I've got something I need to tell you, but you haven't been listening to me because you've been way too busy. And Saul said, "Who art thou, Lord?" He didn't even know who he was. And the Lord said, "I'm Jesus. I'm the one you're persecuting. You you you think you're doing this for me, but you're you're doing it against me." And he literally had to kick him off his high horse and say, "Be still." And know God. Know me. I'm Jesus. I'm the one that you've been persecuting. I wonder sometimes if we just get so busy that we're really working against what God is wanting us to do when God is just calling us to be still. Look, when Moses saw the burning bush, God said to him, "Take your shoes off. Don't come any closer." In other words, stand still, reverence me, and know that I am God. Says, "I am the God of thy father and the God of uh of Abraham and the God of Isaac and the God of Jacob." And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. You know that is really what happens, brother Ron, when people come into the presence of God. It humbles them. It puts them in the place of reverence and respect. And I I I believe we just need we need to see God more. Moses speaking in uh to God in Exodus 33:13. He says, "Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, show me now thy way that I may know thee." Yeah, I want that one up there. Write that down. That he he he's saying here, "Show me your way that I might know you." In other words, I'm not going to know you unless you reveal yourself to me. I I can't figure you out, God. I just become like everybody else who's got an opinion. But if you speak to me, I know that I will become more like you. God is close to us, much more closer than we realize. Think about this scripture Jesus speaking in Matthew 18 20. He says, "For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of of them." How many times you've been talking to somebody But you didn't realize that God was there. But his word is even declaring that he is there in the midst. What about the two that walked on the road to Emmas? Luke chapter 24. Let's read a few verses there. Starting with verse number 14. The two that were walking on the road to Emmas, they were uh very disheartened because Jesus was crucified and uh it was the third day and um there was no sign of Jesus. And the Bible says in verse 14, "And they talked together of all these things which had happened. And it came to pass that while they communed together in reason that Jesus himself drew near and went with them. Now look at verse 16. But their eyes were holden that they should not know him. Showing us that God can be right here with us and our eyes are holden and we don't even know that he's here. And he said unto them, "What manner of communications are these that that you have one with another as you walk and are so sad?" I'm just I'm just wondering today how often our eyes are being holding because we're just too busy talking about problems in our life rather than saying, "God, I know you're going to help me with my needs." I wonder sometimes when we're not entering into the worship or the word if we're not recognizing God's presence. You know, sometimes we just come in the church and we kind of sit there and sometimes we don't even come into the church. Sometimes we're we're in the back and we're just kind of waiting &gt;&gt; like like like we're here to meet God. I mean, this should be important. I tell you what I used to do when I used to play hockey. Hockey was important to me. And what I would do is I would prepare myself for hockey, brother Bman. I I would do this. I I would I would make sure I would start in the summertime and I would I would get in shape way before hockey ever started. So when I came, I didn't have to work on getting in shape. I could work on my skills. And every time there was a game uh or practice, I would come home and I would take a nap. So when I got to practice or the game, I was all in. I I wasn't tired. I wasn't sleepy. I I was ready because it meant a lot to me. And And sometimes you got to make sacrifices if you got to if you want to meet God, right? Sometimes you got to you got to stop early. You you got to get to bed the night before. You got to be prayed up. You got to get God. I want to know you more. &gt;&gt; And God sees that that sacrifice willing to to to to do more for you. Brother Brandon said, people are always looking at what God has done in the past or what God is going to do in the future, but they fail to recognize what God is presently doing around them right now. What God is doing. God is the I am God. Moses asked one time to to to to God, who should I tell them is sending me down into Egypt, and he replied,"I am that I am." And he said, "Thus shall thou say unto the children of Israel, I am have sent me unto you." In other words, God always identifies himself as the I am God. &gt;&gt; He's a present help in a time of trouble. God is here to meet our needs now. He wants us to have faith in him now. He wants us to know him as a God of now. He's a present tense God. And you'll find in John 8 uh 58, if you want to write it down, that Jesus said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, before Abraham was, I am." Amen. I am. We're getting ready to close real quickly. Paul said to them that didn't know Christ or simply wanted to know Christ more. So I'll say this like this. Wherever we're at, wherever we're staying with God, if you want to know God more, if you feel like, I really don't quite know him, know that if we just seek the Lord. Spend time seeking him. Set time aside to seek him, to feel after him. The Bible says that we will find him though he be not far from every one of us. Christ is here. He's not far off. Faith opens the door. And faith is taking a step towards God. And when we take a step towards God, the Bible says, "Draw nigh to God and he'll draw nigh to us." Jeremiah 29:12 and 13. Very familiar scriptures. Then shall ye call on me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you. So when you go and you pray, you're getting still before God. And when you get still before God, God's going to hearken. But if you're too busy and you just got to kind of slide into church and slide out of church, and you know, you're you're not going to get to know God. You know, you you you've got to have a heart that you got to be willing to sacrifice, pay the price. Verse 13. And you shall seek me and find me when you search for me with all your heart. All your heart. All your heart. Here's the the beautiful thing that if you do come with all your heart, you will be rewarded. Jesus said in John 6:37, you want to write it down. All that the Father giveth me shall come to me, and him that cometh to me, I will in no wise cast out. There's a promise right there that if you come to God with all your heart, he's not going to cast you out. What a promise. Hebrews 11, we can stand together. Hebrews 11:6, but without faith, it's impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Praise the Lord. I believe we can know God more. And I don't I don't think we have to rely on anybody. This is between us and God. This is us just getting still, being real with God. God, I want to know you more. Amen. Let's sing that chorus. I want to know you more. I want to know more. Amen. That's it. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you to feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me cries that say I want to know. I hope you feel those cries. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you and I would give my final breath to know you in your death and resurrection. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you. To feel your heart and know your mind. Looking in your eyes stirs up within me. Cries that say, "I want to know you." Oh, I want to know you more. more. Oh, I want to know you more. Deep within my soul, I want to know you. Oh, I want to know you. And I would give my final breath. Know you in your death and resurrection. Oh, I want to know you more. Oh, I want to know you more when I look into your holiness. Amen. You know, the more you know God, the more you love him. Amen. He's a good God. He's a good God. Hallelujah. when I look into his holiness. Let's let's take a look. We we just we just read his word. Now, let's just enter in with our heart. Amen. When when I look into your holiness, when I gaze into your loveliness, when all things that surround me come shadows in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart, when my will becomes enthroned in your love, when all things that surround me become shadows in the light of you, I worship you. Amen. In spirit and truth, I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. Amen. What a message. When I look into your holiness. When I gaze into your loveliness. When all things that surround me come shadows in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart. When my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things that surround me come shadows in the light of you, I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts and go before the Lord in prayer. Maybe there's some things on your heart today. Let's just keep that before the Lord as we we go. I believe your your desire is to know God more. I'm not going to ask you to lift your hand, but I am asking you to lift your heart before the Lord just to believe with me as we go to him in prayer. Our heavenly father, thank you first for not being far from any one of us here today that you are very close to us. Just to have that that that knowledge or that that knowing it's encouraging that you haven't left us, you haven't forsaken us. and that Lord, whatever we have need of is very close to us because you're close to us and that you want to bless us above all that we could ask or even think and to know that is in our reach. Father, I pray for every brother here, every sister, those that are watching on the live stream, perhaps anyone that might be watching the archive down the road. Lord, I pray that you would bless each of us with a more stillness of a spirit that we could get before you, spend that time in prayer alone, waiting for you to come and speak to us, Lord, to reveal to us who you are in a greater measure because we want to know you more, Lord. We want to know you like the prophets of old. We want to know you more than in any other church age because this is the church age that will become just like you. Lord, I pray that you'd help each one of us to steal our minds, steal our thoughts, steal our our busy schedule, and just to get alone in prayer and to think on this one thing. God, I want to know you more. Bless your bride, Lord, because she's your wife. And and and the wife wants to know what her husband, the mind of her husband. And Lord, your prophet said that that the bride knows what she is to do with the word from her husband. And Lord, I pray that you'd help us to apply your word to our lives. Bless each one with this desire. They want to know you more, Lord, in their heart as they lift their heart to you and they say, "Yes, Lord, I want to know you more." May you begin to unveil yourself to them. And Lord, as they make the sacrifices, spending time with you, not just next service, but even tonight when they go home, tomorrow when they wake up. May they express that I want to know you, Lord. Spend that time being still. Lord, I pray as they diligently seek you, may you reward them according to your word. You're faithful. Lord, we love you. We commit ourselves to you. We thank you for all these things. We humbly pray.
