################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - 6.15.25 - Honoring Your Heavenly Father - John  Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   6.15.25 - Honoring Your Heavenly Father - John  Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xQE0FiCjv0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. him just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him, just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we are thankful this morning to gather together. Lord, the world may call this Father's Day, but Lord, it's our father's day. Lord, we thank our heavenly father. We thank you, Lord, as your children this morning. We worship you. We pray, Lord, that you'll accept our offerings of our hearts and our lips. And Father, that we'll worship you, Lord. Lord, for you desire and you are worthy of all worship. I pray, Father, you forgive us of our sins, our carnal ideas, Lord. Father, that you just come and be our guest this morning. May you bless the service, receive the songs, Lord. Father, may you bless brother John. May you come and speak to us in Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. What a day that will be. Amen. There is coming a day when no heartache shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. Look upon his face. The one who saved me by his grace. when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness. No pain. No more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. What a day that will be when my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. There is coming a day when no heartache shall come, no more clouds in the sky, no more tears to dim the eye. All is peace forever more on that happy golden shore. What a day, glorious day that will be. [Applause] [Music] What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. There'll be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no pain, no more parting over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by. He takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm bound for the promised land. Amen. On Jordan stormy banks I stand and cast a wishful eye. Toward Canaan's fair and happy land where my possessions lie. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh well come and go with me. I am bound for the promised land. For all those wide extended plain shines, eternal day, their God the sun forever rains and scatters night away. I am bound for the promised land. I'm bound for the promised land. Oh well, come and go with me. I am bound for the promised land. No chilling winds nor poisonous breath can reach that healthful shore. Sickness and sorrow. Pain and death are feared and felt no more. Lord, I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. When shall I reach that happy place and be forever blessed? When shall I see my Savior's face and in his bosome rest? I am bound for the promised land. I'm bound for the promised land. Oh ho will come and go with me. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh ho well come and go with me. I am bound for the promised land. Amen. Amen. It's a land where we'll never grow old. And that's a good thing. Amen. I have heard of a land on a far away strand is a beautiful home of the soul. Built by Jesus on high, we shall never shall die. is a land where we'll never grow old. Never grow old. Never grow old. In a land where we'll never grow old. [Music] Never grow old. Never grow old. In a land where we'll never grow old. In that beautiful home where we'll never more roam. We shall be in the sweet by and by. Happy praise to the king through eternity. Sing is a land where we'll never shall die. Never grow old. never grow old in a land where we'll never grow old. [Music] Never grow old. Never grow old. In a land where we'll never grow old. When our work here is done, and our life crown is won, and our trles and trials are old. All our sorrow will end, and our voices will blend with our loved ones who've gone on before. Never grow old. Never grow old. In a land where will never grow old. Never grow old. Never grow old. In a land where we'll never grow old. Amen. Amen. I'm looking forward to that. Amen. Amen. This morning as we take up our prayer requests, uh, Sister Linda Helm says, "Please pray for safety traveler for my grandson Jeremiah and his family. They're on their way here." Amen. Let's also remember um uh brother Jonathan, God will just touch his mouth, just help him there. Amen. Let's also remember brother Mike Helms. God will just help him and guide him. Let's also remember uh brother Ron and sister Lori, sister Jeanie and brother Marty as they're out seeing the world. God will just give them traveling mercies. Amen. Let's remember one another unspoken requests the things that are heavy on our hearts. I'm sure we all have something that we'd like to see the Lord answer. Amen. He's a prayer answering God. So we just have to know how who to ask. Amen. Let's all sing together. Just join our voices together. poisonous prayess. Fatherless heavenly Brother Jesus say father Amen. You may be seated. Amen. So, we want to say happy father's day to all the fathers. Yeah. [Applause] Yeah, my my daughter sent me a card. Said I wasn't old, I was a classic. But I can't tell you what she called me on the phone because I cried for an hour. She said, "Dad," she said, "I've Yeah." So, yeah, happy Father's Day. Sister Trisha has a special for us. Praise the Lord. [Music] And someday on it I'll stand where my home will be forever. land. Sweet fuel land. [Music] Home shall be forever. [Laughter] [Music] Build sweet lamb. Amen. [Applause] Just over in the glory land. Amen. I have a home prepared where the saints abide. Just over in the glory land. And I long to be by my savior's side. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. Just over in the glory land. I am on my way to those mansions fair. Just over in the glory land there to sing God's praise and his glory share. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land there with the mighty host I'll stand. Just over in the glory land. What a joyful thought that my Lord I'll see. Just over in the glory land and with kindred saved there forever be and forever in the glory land. Just over in the glory land the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand just over in the glory land. With the blood washed throne I will shout it just over in the glory land. Great hosanas to Christ our Lord and King. Just over in glory land. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. We're in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy open. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. just over in the glory land. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. Amen. Going to ask brother Keith if he'll just pray over the offering. Amen. We're thankful. Where we are? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. When we all get to heaven. Amen. Amen. Sing the wondous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the mansions. Pride and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. [Applause] While we walk this pilgrim pathway, clouds will overthread the sky. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sky. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory. With the toils of life repay when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. onward to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. Soon the pearly gates will open. We shall tread the streets of gold. When we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. When we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. As brother John comes this morning, let's sing Hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Amen. Time is filled with swift transition. God of earth unmoved can stand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may bring. If my earthly friends forsake still more closely to him cling all to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Coet not this world's main riches that so rapidly decay seek to gain the heavenly treasure. [Music] They will never pass away. Let's all stand. Amen. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. So when our journey is completed, if to God we have been true, fair and bright our home in glory. Oh, in raptured soul will view. You've got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Hallelujah. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging act. know when your journey is completed. If to God you have been true fair and bright your home and gloryy your enraptured soul will view all to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh, to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. Let's hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. How do we do that? Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Yesterday I I wish I was holding on to his hand. I was uh standing on a chair yesterday and trying to get um the grill plugged in, trying to run the electrical. And it was a chair like this and I had to get off the chair and and move it so I could uh adjust cords. And when I did, lo and behold, our dear dog Sophie was behind us and I came off and hit the hit the dog. I am telling you, I my face hit that chair so hard, not my glasses off. I'm I'm like bruised here. And uh I'm laying there and the pain was so much and what what's going to happen? My nose is bleeding. And I thought, well, if I could have just been holding to God's unchanging hand, And you know, we're going to go through trials. Things are going to happen. And we've just got to make sure that we're always holding to God's unchanging hand. Amen. God bless you this morning. I want to say with brother Bruce, happy Father's Day to each of our fathers. Amen. And um it's not an easy job to be a father. It's especially in this age, it's it's a hard hard job to be a father. And uh sometimes the mothers have to be fathers. And uh so we just want to honor them today. I want to uh welcome our visitor, Brother Orlando's friend, Lucas, with us. God bless you. Hope you enjoy the service today. I want to say thank you for all the cards and expressions of love and appreciation that you've given. May the Lord bless you for that. Turn with me if you would and your the Bibles today to Deuteronomy chapter 5. We're going to read uh just a verse of scripture there. Have you be seated? Appreciated that song. Special today very very much. Love that song. Deuteronomy chapter 5 and then we're going to read to verse 16 and have a word of prayer before you're seated. The scripture tells us this is the fifth commandment. Honor thy father and thy mother, as the Lord thy God have commanded thee, that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well with thee in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. Let's bow in a word of prayer. our heavenly father. Lord, we thank you for your entire word and uh today is a day Lord that's been set aside for fathers and according to your word here that every day you want us to to respect and honor our our parents. And Lord, we thank you that though times change change and generations change and cultures change and people change, your word still remains the same. Amen. We have an anchor for our soul. We're holding to your unchanging hand. Lord, we pray at this time, Lord, that you'd forgive us of all of our sins. your all powerful blood would just cleanse us and wash us from any stain, Lord. That Lord would just stand in the way of you communing with us today in a personal way. For we we pray, Lord, that it would just be you and us today personally. Though we'd be in a room with other people and and the enemy would maybe take our thoughts in different places, we just ask today that you would draw our attention to the things that you would have for us today. Please give us the the revelation of your word and help us to see you a little more fresh today. leave here, Lord, rejoicing in your spirit. We pray. We thank you now for these things and ask your blessings and rest the remainder of the service. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. Oh, if your father is alive today, then you are blessed. Many fathers have passed away uh from this life. And if our father is still alive, I believe we need to honor him. And if he's not alive, then we need to honor our thoughts that we've had about him. And honestly honor the men, the man that has taken his place or the men, if I could say like that, have taken his place to to to be a father to you. The word honor here is to give respect and admiration for someone. Amen. to express great esteem to someone. We live in a time where authority is scorned. Amen. I want to say hear amen on that one. We live in an hour where authority is scorned and children want to exercise their devil-given right of entitlement. I don't need to. We're also living in a time that those who are in authority do not want to take their position. They do not want the responsibility of of of doing what they need to do to teach children how to respect. So, we're living in a very difficult hour leaving uh children, many sons and daughters, it can be difficult for them to really honor their parents because they're really not being taught. not being enforced. And let's be honest, some parents don't got it together. I don't mean to run, but who wants to honor someone who yells at them, mistreats them, downgrades them, or who doesn't really care enough to take time to tell them the way of the Lord? Amen. This fifth commandment was not given for those who only had worthy parents. I want to focus on that. But it was given with an encouragement and a reward that if you do it, your life is prolonged. Amen. So God knew that it was going to be difficult to really do this. And he wanted to encourage that if you follow through, you're going to be blessed. Now, why would God in heaven allow uh uh allow a parents who we don't fully agree with in the way they do things um to to to parent us a and and and go through the things that we go through because he's trying to teach us who uh the how he wants us to honor him. We're not always going to agree with God. We're not always going to agree with the word. But he still wants us to honor him. Matthew chapter 5 46 says, "For if you love them which love you." Think about this about your parent. If I remember as a young as a child at one time in my life, you know, all children get to a place where they know more than their parents. They go through that stage, right? And I don't feel like I I ever like thought I knew more, but there were times I thought I knew more, if I could say it like that. And I remember, you know, felt I I had the short end of the stick and my dad, he should have been a Christian and he should have raised me, right? And then I would had a better chance, right? So these are the thoughts that you think. But I I love Jesus speaking here about how we need to be. And he asked these questions. He says, "For if you love them that which love you, what reward have you?" Do not even the publicans insane? And if you salute your brethren only, what do you more than others? Do not even the public can sow. So when we think about it, I I believe that that God wants us to love our parents no matter how they're acting. Amen. I just want to say that again. I believe the Lord wants us to love our parents no matter how they're acting. It how they're acting has nothing to do with the commandment of God. Amen. Because this word is look, if my if my parents or my family decide not to serve the Lord, it has nothing to do with me. And you need to look at that as a child. If your parent is not acting the way you think they should be acting, you still serve God. Don't make them the excuse of why you're going to be rebel. Brother John, how do I honor someone whose life towards me has not been worthy of honor? Well, that's a good question. Let me just say it like this. You're not honoring their behavior or the choices that they make. We must remember they are God's creation just like you. So I want you to look at them in the light that it is God's will, not in the darkness that you feel they're not worthy because that's two different things. We have the word, it is the light. It just says honor them, right? Don't go through the process of trying to analyze it and whether they're worthy. And look, you're if you give the devil one inch, he'll take you so far from God and even funny. You just stay with the word and honor your father and your mother. And children, I want to say this. You should be you should be saying amen to the word here today. Now, there are other countries and cultures that they don't even believe the Bible like we do, and yet they honor their father and mother more than we do here in America as a whole. And so, it it's it's you don't even need God to to believe the Bible as we know it. There's just something inside. There's something inside that just knows it's the way to go. As your parents get older, they need help. And uh I'll say it like this. If if if you were good to your parents, good chance your your children are be good to you. Amen. Because in other words, you you you learn you learn to teach them right to honor to respect you when they get older. Jesus said, "Bless them that curse you. Do good to them that hate you. Pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute you that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven." Amen. So I think we have it right there from the word of God what we need to do when we think our parents are not where they should be. Amen. So, we need to focus on honoring our parents as it is the will of God, not because we think what they're doing is not right. Amen. And practice it as children of your heavenly father as Jesus said. Amen. That that we can bless them that swear at us. We can do good to them that hate us. And we can pray for them that despitefully use us and even persecute us. make us feel so inadequate at times because this is a real life that we live in. Amen. And stuff happens. But God wants us to honor him, honor uh honor honor them as uh as they should be honored. And uh as we honor our our our our father and our mother, I believe God wants us uh to honor him. We need to honor God as our heavenly father. Amen. And and when we respect the word, we are promised not only longer days, but we're we're promised eternal life. When you honor the word, you honor our heavenly father, he promises to give you eternal life. That's all there is to it. Amen. We don't get eternal life because we repent and get baptized and do what we want to do the rest of our life. We've got to give our life and honor and respect the word every day. Amen. Malachi 1:6 says, "A son honorth his father and a servant his master. If then I be a father, where is my honor? And if I be a master, where is my fear? sayeth the Lord of hosts unto you. So we can see that God is looking at his own sons and daughters and wanting to be honored. How many believes that God wants to be honored? Amen. And he's he's worthy to be honored. Amen. He's no one will be able to ever look at him like our children can look at us and say, "You lied." God's never lied. He's never done bad. He's a good God. And he's worthy to be praised and worshiped and honored and he wants to be. God is looking to be honored and reverenced. here in 2 Corinthians 6:14. There's five more questions. So, there was two a couple questions there that that God gave. And here's some more in 2 Corinthians 6:14. The Bible says, "Be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers." Right? For what fellowship have righteousness with unrighteousness? And what communion have light with darkness? And what concord have Christ with bio? And or what part have he that believeth with an infidel? So and what agreement have the temple of God with idols. So we can see God himself is making a stand that there is a separation between him and the world. Right? And the Bible says for you are the temple of the living God as God hath said I will dwell in them and walk in them and I will be their God and they shall be my people. So what do we got to do to make that happen? Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, sayeth the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you, and I will be a father unto you, and you shall be my sons and daughters, sayeth the Lord Almighty. Again, you it's not about just repenting, getting baptized, and kind of living the kind of halfway life that you want to live. God is calling us to separate. And that if we truly separate, we're separating oursel onto him. He said, "I will receive you. I will be a father unto you. You shall be my sons and daughters." There will be a heavenly relationship. Amen. A heavenly relationship. Amen. The one I'll tell you like this. Everything that I thought I wish my father would have done, my heavenly father has done. He's never let me down. Right. Amen. And this is the the thing I've let my heavenly father down so many times. Thank God his mercies are new each day. He's a He is worthy. He's worthy to be served. Amen. He's worthy to be served. We become sons and daughters of God by separating from the will of this world. Bible says if you love the world or the things of the world, the love of the father's not in us. As children of God, we honor our father by following the word. My sheep hear my voice and they follow me. His voice is not, well, this is what I feel like doing today. The voice is not, well, I I I I don't I don't think I need to go to church. I don't need to pay ti. I don't need to reach out to somebody. I don't need to pray. I feel to do this. That is not God. God is in his word. That's the the voice of God is the word of God. Amen. And when you're not doing the word of God, you're not honoring our father. Right? Yeah. I You remember the last couple ministers we had here from overseas? You know what they said? Said, "How come you're not saying amen?" You remember that? It's kind of coming to me now while I'm up here. Deuteronomy tells us, "For the Lord have the Lord thy God have chosen thee to be a special people unto himself above all the people that are on the face of the earth." So God has chosen you as sons and daughters to be special above everybody on the on the planet. Amen. You know, so we you think about these scientists and and Nobel Nobel Prize winners and movie stars and athletes and presidents and all the great things that are be being achieved. And God has literally chosen you above all them. Amen. Because God has not chosen you to build things, make things, and become this great person, have lots of money. He's chosen you to be his wife. First Peter 2:9 says, "But you are a chosen generation. a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the praises of him that have called you out of the darkness of your own will, right? Into his marvelous light, which is his will, which in times past you were not even a people. We were all there drinking and doing all sorts of stuff. But now, but are now the people of God, which which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. Amen. Amen. Jesus said, "You've not chosen me, but I have chosen you." That's right. Wherefore, come out from among them, and be ye separate, sayeth the Lord. So, if I'll say like this, you're sitting here today in a message church and you think because you're in the church, you're separated. That is such a lie. That is such a lie. God is always calling us to separate more and more from our will into God's own will. And some of us won't take correction. Help us, Lord. Help us, Lord. We must honor our heavenly father. Now, we know the natural types of spiritual, right? All right. Proverbs 3:9, honor the Lord with thy substance. This, honor the Lord with thy substance. Don't be selfish. Honor the Lord and with the first fruits of all thine increase. Brother John, we've already prayed over the offering. You do not need to talk about this right now. It's part of the word. And but if you do, look at the look at the promise. So shall thy barns be filled with plenty, and thy presses shall burst out with new wine. My son, despise not the chastening of the Lord, neither be ye weary of his correction. For whom the Lord loveth, he correcteth, even as a father the son in whom he delightth. Amen. Amen. You God is not one to say, I'm not going to deal with this. He loves too much. He cares too much and God does not want us to see us remain in a condition that is not bride ready. So I thank God that there's a word here to get a bride ready. And it doesn't mean that the word here that's getting the bride ready that's going to get everybody else who's doesn't care. It ain't going to change that. But to the bride, every bitter thing is sweet. They're they're they're they're hungry for the word of God. Amen. And and and it should be a delight to come into the house of God. Uh one thing I desired of the Lord that I seek after David said, there's a very special relationship that we have with our heavenly father. Brother Brandham said we come to his house to see where we're standing with him. Amen. That's what he said. He didn't say, you know, you just, you know, just read your Bible and just pray and then you'll find out where you're at with God. That's not what he said. Because the Bible tells us that correction starts in the house of the Lord. This is just what God has provided. If you can't take correction here, you can't take correction anywhere. That's a God's truth. Amen. It's a real love relationship with father, son, father, daughter that is this love is is always correcting us or is always wanting to see us in the light. Okay. So he says you shall um you're my disciples if you continue to walk in the light. Um you continue walking in the truth. God is interested in us becoming more like him. Who has who has ever had a son and daughter in their life and has had this attitude? I really don't care what you turn out to be. I don't care if you grow or don't grow. I don't care if you learn or don't. You just stay right there in fifth grade for the rest of your life. No parent has had that attitude. And God certainly doesn't have an attitude where I just don't care what you do. Amen. He's always trying to get us into more truth. Always. Jesus said, "As many as I love, you know what I do? I let them get away if they want." Nope. As many as I love, I rebuke. I chasen. Be zalious. Therefore, repent. Come separate yourself. Separate from that will and do my will. Amen. And as sons and daughters of our heavenly father, we must honor God by submitting to whatever his will would be. Turn with me if you would to Hebrews chapter 12. We're just going to read a lengthy scripture here. Just a little bit about correction. I I think it's a very important part of of a of a relationship with our heavenly father is correction. Amen. If if we don't have a a good close relationship in correction, um yeah, you you don't really have one. That's a good way of of saying it because God doesn't have any children. There's not going to be a uh his bride is not going to be a bride who only takes half the correction or only takes the correction they want to. So, it's it's it's a real it's a serious thing. And so let's start off here with verse one. Wherefore seeing we are also compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight in the sin that does so easily beset us and let us run with patience the race that is set before us. So here we are all are are are cumbered about with test and trials and things that we're going through and and God is building character and and uh we get certain weights and and certain sins in our life and and things are just there. Can you say amen to the word of God today? And and and the writer here is telling us that we just we need to lay these things aside and run the race because there there are Hebrews uh 11 is is just a whole cloud of witnesses that have run the race. And now it's our turn. We're running the race. And and the encouragement is to look unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, he endured the cross. Amen. He despised the shame shame and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. And he says, "For consider him that endured such contradiction of sinners against his own self, lest you think you got it real hard, right?" And be wearied and faint in your own minds that your trial is much harder. First of all, God would not ever put anything on you that you can't bear. Amen. He'll make a way of escape just like he did with Jesus. He says, "Ye have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against sin." Amen. And ye have forgotten the exhortation that speaketh unto you as children. My son, despise not the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. Amen. Now, in the I'm just going to say in the natural now, in the natural realm, sometimes when we say something to one another or to our children or children do to us in that human that human realm, there can be this feeling of an insult, right? And um and then at any time and we could have that so much happening psychologically in our life that any kind of uh correction is looked at and viewed as an insult as as mean as not right as not fair. You understand what I'm saying? Amen. Okay. But what God he he when anytime that God ever corrects he loves. It's just all there is to it. Amen. You do not have to question it. You do not have to question his motive. When the word says something, that's saying, "I love you." And if somebody else, this is why the Bible says, "Speak the truth in love." You can use the word and cut somebody, right? But when you speak it with the right spirit, I'm so glad that we have a word to keep us in line. Amen. I'm so glad that God gave us a word to let us know that our relationship is healthy with him. Amen. All right. For whom the Lord loveth, he cha and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. So you can't get out of it. He if you endure chastening, God deal with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not? There you go. There you go. who who who has never corrected his child. So every father corrects his child. Therefore, God God loves us enough to correct us as well. Amen. But if ye be without chastisement, in other words, I don't want to be corrected. Wherefore, I'm sorry, all of us are partakers of of chastisement. But if you be without it and you resist it, then are ye bastards and not sons. That's right. That is so scary. That that's that's like so so for someone to say, "Yeah, I'm a I'm I'm I'm a son of God." But you're not going to follow the word. You know what? It it doesn't matter what you're feeling. Believe the word. Amen. Believe the word. It it tells you where we're at, right? Okay. All right. Furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us and gave us reverence. Shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits and live? Amen. In other words, he's never done a thing wrong. Right? For verily uh for they verily for a few days chasen us after their own pleasure. Right. I'm so I'm mad at you. You're gonna pay for this. You know what I'm saying? for their own pleasure, but he for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. In other words, there's a reason that the word tells us to do what we should do, right? It isn't to make our life miserable. It isn't to make us unhappy. It's to get us to a place that we can be have a close relationship with our heavenly father. Do you know how many people are going to go be on the day of judgment and they're going to say, "Oh, I thought I thought we had a relationship. I thought you were with me. I thought this." Because they weren't humble enough when they came to church. They didn't humble themselves to the word. Amen. Now, no chastening for the present seemth to be joyous. It's actually grievous. Nevertheless, afterward it yielded the peaceable fruits of righteousness unto who? Unto them which are exercised thereby or them that are willing to take the correction that they actually get profited. They get more character. They get a closer walk with God. People look at them and they say, "Yes, they've got God with them. I can see it in their life. They're following the word. They're not they're not skipping out on part of the word." Amen. Wherefore, what do we do with this situation? Wherefore, lift up the hands which hang down and the feeble knees. Lift up the hands that hang down. This this this when the word comes and you just feel like, I don't know if I can do this, and I I just I'm just I'm just I don't think I could live the life. I don't think I could do this. I don't think I could follow. I don't think I could take this correction. I I think I need to find something different. You know, a church that maybe you don't have to try as hard. One that maybe entertains you and makes you feel just a little bit better. Well, there they're out there. Satan has a lot of them. Amen. But we've been instructed by the word of God to make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is laying be turned out of the way, but let it be rather healed. Follow peace with all men. Amen. not your some those you agree with. In all thy ways please the Lord and make even thy enemies they be at peace with you. Follow peace with all men and holiness with which no man without which no man shall see the Lord. Amen. Now we're we're still talking on this theme of of correction. I want you to understand that. And that that God's word is always corrective. Amen. it it the the because it's an absolute I'm not saying that that there there's not verses there that that uh there's tons of verses he he he'll not withhold anything from them that walk uprightly there's many wonderful words but what I'm saying is the word of God is an absolute so he says here in verse 15 looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God how does that happen lest a root of bitterness spring up and spring up troubling you and what happens then and thereby many around you become defiled. Amen. No, I'm not going to obey that. I'm going to show that church I ain't coming back. A rooe of bitterness. Amen. You know what they did? They didn't shake my hand, Brother Lando. They didn't They didn't smile at me. They didn't They didn't They didn't express that they cared about me. Well, did you express that you cared about them? Well, I shouldn't have to do that. You know, that's not my job. So, you see here, the devil's just looking for someone he can spring up a root of bitterness. That's right. and and and and and the devil wants you to reject the word. Why? A chance of bitterness coming. All right? Lest there be any fornicator or profane person. Look, as Esau, Esau, Esau was this. He didn't he he didn't want the word, right? He didn't want the word as Esau who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright. Amen. In other words, the word that's being preached to you is to give you the new birth. Amen. The new birth is not you in your mouth saying, "I am born again." That is not the new birth. The word is what births you. And when the word is preached to you, it's trying to become born in you. And when you receive it, you become more born again. It's not like the world thinks out there, oh yeah, I'm born again. Like it just doesn't matter what you live, what you do. Every time you receive the engrafted word in your heart, you're becoming more born again. Amen. God is calling us to be like him. And that's only we're birthed by the word. That's why how precious it is to come to church. It is a, you know, church is a dangerous place. It is the place where the bride becomes perfected through a five-fold ministry. But it is the place where judgment happens to those that reject it. And as the scripture tells us that um if the righteous scarcely make it, where will the ungodly and the sinner appear in the day of judgment? See what happens when we come to church bride? We are literally in the white throne judgment, right? Amen. Because we're willingly taking the word ahead of time and judging ourselves ahead of time. We're still in the white throne judgment. He's just here saying, "I'm giving the bride a chance to be judged with mercy because there's coming a time when it's too late and we'll be judged without mercy." And that's the white throne judgment. And we don't want to despise the mercies of God that we have, do we not? But look at this verse 17. For you know how that afterwards when Esau would have inherited the blessing, he was rejected, for he found no place of repentance, though he sought it carefully with tears. What a warning to all of us. that there is a a time that God gives us. It's called grace to get it right. And if you wait beyond that time, even though you decide that you want to repent, it can be too late. And we have the example right here that he has given us. I'll say like this, pride isolates us from God. Pride isolates us from God. I'll say this. You know what it all boils down to? Rebellion. I just I don't care. Lucifer rebelled against God. And he got proud in his heart. Well, I don't need to do that. I'm going to just do what I want to do and nobody's going to tell me and I'll fake it in between here and there. I mean, it it's just the Bible says it's a fearful thing to fall in the hands of a living God. Amen. I I I think this is this is much different than I remember when I was young and before I came into the truth and I was going to church, I didn't want to go to church. How many remembers when you were young, you didn't want to go to church? Yeah, I remember that. It was because it wasn't enjoyable. I could be out playing and I I I didn't want to go. I I just I I didn't want to go. But after I went, I felt feel good now, right? Hey, I went to church. I I got to be doing better. I went to church. Just the mere fact that I went to church, God's got to be happy with me no matter what I do. Don't work that way. That's the way it works in the world. Amen. God has called us to have a relationship with him. Proverbs 15:33 says 15:33. We're going to read a few proverbs here. The fear of the Lord is the instruction of wisdom and before honor is a very important ingredient called humility. Proverbs 18:12 says it like this. Before destruction, the heart of a man is halty and before honor is humility. Right? So when you see somebody, some man whose heart begins to get haughty and mean and and rude, you can know as sure as anything, destruction is coming his way. As sure as anything, and you take a man who's willing to keep himself under subjection to the word of God, we call that humility, by the way. Amen. When you see a man who's willing to stay humble, I don't mean for a week, I don't mean for a month, right? But who's willing to be a a a man who humbles himself before God. I'm telling you, honor is coming his way. Because that's what the word says. Amen. The word can't lie. Proverbs 22:4 says, "By humility and the fear of the Lord are riches and honor and life." Right? Well, you know what? That reminds me of what the prophet said, "The way up is down." I'm going to get riches without humbling myself before the Lord. I'm I'm going to get life without humbling myself before the Lord. I'm going to get honor. If you're going to get honor without going God's way, you're stealing it. You're getting it on unlawfully because it's through humility and the fear of the Lord our riches, honor, and life. Can you say amen to the word of God? If you can't say amen to me, I'm okay with that. But say amen to the word of God. Amen. Because I didn't write this. Honor our heavenly father with humility. Come before him with a humble and contrite spirit. Our heavenly father, he resisteth the proud and he giveth grace to the humble. Jesus said, "My grace is sufficient and my God shall supply all of your needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus." So honor your heavenly father with a humble life. A humble life. That means you got to take care of what you're thinking about in your mind, how you handle situations. A humble life is not a badge you put on. It's not a shirt you wear. It's not a slogan you say. It's your the way that you think in your mind. It's a it's what you what's what possesses inside your heart. It's it's the it's your whole being. You either put God's word, you honor it, and you put everything first, or you're just picking and choosing. So let's take a a look here at Matthew chapter 15 verse1 because we have to watch our attitudes with our heavenly father. Don't you think? Matthew 5:1. Then came g then came to Jesus. They were scribes and they were Pharisees. We know what kind of attitude they had which were of Jerusalem saying, "Why do your disciples transgress the tradition of all the elders around here? For they wash not their hands when they eat bread." But he answered and said unto them, "Why do you transgress the commandment of God by your tradition?" So he answered their question with a question. For God commanded, saying, "Honor thy father and mother, and he that cursseth father or mother, let him die the death. But you say by your tradition, whosoever shall say to his father or his mother, now look at this attitude, I am a gift by whatsoever thou mayest be profited by me. In other words, I have the choice. I'm entitled to act any old way I want to, right? And if I want to profit you, then I will. if I don't. Now, that was a tradition. Of course, that's the devil's tradition, isn't it? That's the devil's tradition. And it's all about attitude. And honor not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Look, it's okay. You don't have to do the word of God. Thus, have you made the commandment of God of none effect by your tradition. And I'll just say this is why it's important in this age for parents to take time to make sure that their children is corrected because we're literally teaching them a tradition that they don't have to. Now, this is a hard job because it usually takes a little bit more than just saying stop. Don't do that. Right? It takes a little bit more. Sometimes you get talked back by your children. And so, you know, that causes you to be patient and to pray and ask God for wisdom to get to fear fear of the Lord. God, help me with this situation, but it needs to be dealt with. And I it just it needs to be dealt with. Not trying to put any pressure, but we're living in an age where, you know, you can be a man and call yourself a woman. You can be a woman, call yourself a man, because it really doesn't matter, right? It just nothing matters. That's the age we're living in. And and the devil is is giving many reasons for for children not to follow their parents. Amen. Now, of course, we need to remember that I'm saying all this for the reason of us spiritually. We can have an attitude towards God that we don't really have to, you know, do all the word of God. Amen. We don't have to respect all the word of God. We can just respect part of that's the reason we're reading this. He says, 'You hypocrites, well did Isaiah prophesy of you, saying, This people draw nigh unto me with their mouth and honor me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrine the commandments of men. So they still worship God. They still go to church. They still say they believe, but they only take part of the word. And then they they go home say, "Well, we don't have to do that." So, we need to look for ways to honor our heavenly father, not with words only, but with our actions. Here's Isaiah 58:13. I'm going to read it real quick. If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, and a holy of the Lord, honorable, and shall honor him, not doing your own ways, nor finding your own pleasures, nor speaking your own words. Then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord, and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father, for the mouth of the Lord has spoken it. So another another scriptures that teaches us how we can honor God today. Amen. Amen. I'm going to say say amen to, you know, I'm going to say amen if you're not going to say amen because it's the word of God. We need to set our affections on things above. Right? Amen. God is good. He's the father of all good. He cannot do wrong. All that he ever does is good. Our our our father loves us with an everlasting love. His mercies are new and more. Great is his faithfulness. Our God is a great God. Amen. James chapter 1 verse1 17. He gives us gifts. Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, right? And cometh down from the father. What? Of lights. He's the father of lights. That means in it doesn't I I just love it. It says lights. It just kind of reminds me of a Christmas tree, right? So many lights on a Christmas tree. Father of lights. So I think about God. I think about all these lights and that he's just constantly showing this is this is what we could do. This is how to walk in the light. This is this is more truth. This is how to handle this situation. He's got a ton of light for us. Amen. Amen. Ton of light. The father of lights with whom, look at this, is no variableness neither shadow of turning. Now in the back, see these are the these lights go on and off. But in the back, we have a variable switch. And we can dim the lights, make them brighter. In God, there's no kind of love, don't love. Kind of care, don't care. Going to try, not going to try. No, we serve a God who's faithful. We can count on him. And and I think I think we should honor him and respect him as he is. Amen. Now, keep that amen going for the rest of the service. We don't got long to go. Amen. And if you keep it going, I'll let you off on the first three quarters of the service. Amen. There's many, many gifts. 1 Corinthians 12:8 says, "For to one is given the spirit by the spirit the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge." Amen. By the same Spirit, to another faith, by the same Spirit, to another gifts of healing, by the same Spirit, to another the working of miracles, to another prophecy, to another discerning of spirits, to another diverse kinds of tongues, to another the interpretation of tongues. But all these workketh that one and same self-same spirit dividing to every one of us, to every man severally, as what? He wills. He wills. Our heavenly father has blessed his sons and daughters with gifts from heaven. Amen. I'll say eternal life being the greatest gift, a changed nature, healings, answered prayers, the gifts of peace by simply learning to keep our mind stayed on our heavenly father. A peace that passeth all understanding. I mean, who can produce that kind of gift? No one but our God. Who can keep us in perfect peace? Who can renew our strength like an eagle? Who giveth power to the faint? Who forgiveth all of our transgressions? Who made himself a little lower than the angels to taste death for us? Who went to Calvary for his children? Amen. There is none like our heavenly father. And he's worthy to be honored today. Honor your heavenly father. Amen. In Psalms 145, our brother David, how many knows they have a brother? His name is David. Amen. Amen. I can't wait to shake his hand. He was born before me. You know, I had a brother who who was born and he he died. He had a hole in his heart. He died like I think three days after he was born. And I know that I'm going to meet him someday. That's right. But here's our brother David. He spent much time honoring his heavenly father. And he says here in Psalms 145:1, I will extol thee, my God, oh king, and I will bless thy name forever and ever. Every day I will bless thee. And I will praise thy name forever and ever. Amen. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised, and his greatness is unsearchable. One generation shall praise thy works to another, and it's just not going to stop. and shall declare the mighty acts. And I will speak of thy glorious honor, of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works. I like my brother David. I like my brother David. I think we have the same heavenly father. Psalms 96 verse1. We need to look at that like that, right? Because in Christ, we're all one family. Amen. Psalms 96:1. Oh, sing unto the Lord a new song. Sing unto the Lord, all the earth. Sing unto the Lord. Bless his name. And show forth his salvation. What? From day to today. Amen. Right. Remember the last service. Show forth his salvation from day to day. Declare his glory among the heathen, his wonders among all people. For the Lord is great and greatly to be praised. That's right. For he is to be feared above all gods. And that means the god that lives in up here, right? This God that kind of wants to do his own thing. That God, we need to fear the word above ourselves. For all the gods of the nations are idols, but the Lord made the heavens. Honor and majesty are before him. strength and beauty are in his sanctuary. What is in here today? All right. Now, I know you're not paying attention. We're going to start all over. The Bible tells us that beauty and strength are here today. Lord, think about it. David said, "I wanted to behold the beauty of the Lord." Amen. To inquire in his temple. There's strength there for us. It comes through the word of God. Honor and majesty are before him. Give unto the Lord, all ye kindreds of the kindreds of the people. Give unto the Lord glory and strength. Give unto the Lord glory due to his name. Bring an offering and come into his courts and oh worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness. Fear before him all the earth. Amen. I mean, this is where our heart should be this morning. This is where our heart should be. Psalms 26:7, that I may publish with the voice of thanksgiving and tell of all thy wondrous works. Lord, I have loved the the habitation of your house and the place where thy honor dwelleth. Amen. I tell you, I don't want to be in a house where his presence isn't there. Because when his presence is isn't there, he's not going to be honored because his people are not going to be there. Where the carcass is, there's where the eagles be gathered together. I think we need to show what side we're on. Amen. We come here to glorify his name. Amen. To lift up the name of Jesus, to put him in his proper place. You know, we can go through the course of the weeks and we spend so much time in in in our problems and dealing with negative stuff that we forget our God. He's never done any harm to us. We should be able to honor the Lord in his house. Don't you think so? Psalm 71:8 says, "Let my mouth be filled with thy praise and with thy honor all the day." All the day. All right, Revelations 5:9. We have to hurry here because we just got a few more minutes and and then we'll be through uh Revelations 5:9. This is after the lamb took the book from him that sat on the throne and the four beasts and the 24 elders, they sang a new song, saying, Thou art worthy. to take the book and to open the seals thereof. For thou was slain and has redeemed us to God by the blood out of every kindred, tongue, and people and nation, and has made us unto our God kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. Amen. Praise God. Our names were in that book. And I beheld and heard the voice of many angels round about the throne. And the and the beast and the elders and the number of them was 10,000 times 10,000 and thousands of thousands. Well, that's a lot. And you know what they were saying with a loud voice? Worthy is the lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and strength. And what honor and glory and blessings. Amen. He's worthy today. That's right. And every creature which is in heaven and on earth and under the earth and such as are in the sea and all that are in them heard me John saying who is writing this. Blessing and honor and glory and power be unto him that sitth on the throne and unto the Lamb forever and ever. I think the, you know, John represents the bride, right? I believe the bride is the one that's honoring God today. I mean, if your body wants to be in church and not praise God, you need to tell your body to straighten up to the word. Don't listen to your feelings because your feelings have gotten you in trouble before. Your feelings made you want to punch out your kids, punch out your spouse, say, "I quit." That's what your feelings have done. So don't go by your feelings. The word of God says, "Praise him. He's worthy to be praised." Amen. And the four beasts said, "Amen." Should we praise him? Amen. Praise. Amen. I feel like singing it. Amen. Should we praise him? Amen. Probably need to have Sister Lynn come up here and lead us in that. [Laughter] And the four beasts said, "Amen." And the four and 20 elders fell down and worshiped him that liveth forever and ever. Revelations 4:10. Two more verses here. Two more sets of scriptures. Revelations 4:10. The four and 20 elders fell down before him that sat on the throne and worshiped him that liveth forever and ever and cast their crowns before him, saying, "Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory and honor and power. For thou hast created all things, that includes you sitting in the seat today." Amen. And for God's pleasure are you created and were created. Amen. Amen. So you're not your own. You're bought with a price. God bought you back at Calvary. He just didn't purchase your salvation to not go to hell. He actually purchased your life. Yes. As mature sons and daughters, even as a mature wife of of Jesus Christ. Revelations 19:7 says, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife have made herself ready." So let us be glad and rejoice. Let's stand together and give honor to him. Yes. For the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife have made herself ready. I we don't I wonder how does she make herself ready? That would be a good sermon, wouldn't it? How does she How does she make herself ready? I think we all should go home and like write a list. What makes us ready, right? Amen. Because I think too often some people think just coming to church makes them ready. God help us. Let us honor our heavenly father who is worthy to be honored. Let's sing that. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Amen. How many's How many is happy today? Amen. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive all gloryy and honor. Glory and honor and power. For thou hast created, has all things created. Thou hast created all things and for thy pleasure we are created. For thou art worthy, oh Lord, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory. Glory and honor. Glory and honor and power. Thou has created has all things created. Thou has created all things. and for thy pleasure. They are created for thou art worthy, oh Lord. Amen. As before we sing that again, but maybe we just I just want you to get tucked in and I want you just to think about you're the only person standing on the planet. There's no other people. There's no birds. There's no trees. It's just you. And I want you to think that God created you for a purpose as we sing this. And I believe that God wants to get honor and glory from you. I I think about this. The scripture tells us that he wanted to get glory from Pharaoh. How much more does he want to get glory from his own people? Amen. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory. Glory and honor. Glory and honor and power. For thou hast created, has all things created. Thou has created all things. and for thy pleasure. We are created for thou art worthy, oh Lord. One more time. Oh, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. You receive glory, glory and honor, glory and honor and power. For thou has created has all things created. Thou has created all things and for pleasure. We are created for thou art worthy, oh Lord. Amen. Let's sing. Shout to the Lord. Amen. He's worthy today. So thankful that I can be with my brothers and sisters and worship my heavenly father today. My Jesus my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, power of refuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am. Never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the sea will reward at the sound of his name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you, my Jesus. For there is none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. Comfort, my shelter, power of refuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am. Never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty, praise to the king. Nothing will bound and the sea will roar at the sound of your name. [Music] I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the pro I have in you. Nothing compares to the proud I have in you. Amen. How many's thankful for that promise today? Amen. Praise God. Let's sing Majesty. Amen. You know, we are not going to leave church today until Praise the Lord. Amen. You know that because he is worthy to be praised. That's why we come. Amen. Majesty. Worship his majesty. Unto Jesus be all glory, honor, and praise. Majesty, kingdom authority. Flow from his throne, not unto his own. His anthem rings. Oh, exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. Magnify, come glorify Christ Jesus the King. Majesty. Worship his majesty. Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. Majesty. Worship his majesty. Unto Jesus be all glory honor. Amen. It's our heavenly father's day. Majesty, kingdom authority [Music] flow from his throne unto his own his praise. [Music] So exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. They defy, come glorify Christ Jesus the king. Majesty. Worship his majesty. Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. Amen. The king of kings, the Lord of lords today. Amen. Praise you Jesus. Amen. something about we don't have to be told to praise the Lord. I think there's just something inside the believer that just wants to praise him for he's worthy to be praised in his house. Amen. Man, let's sing. He is exalted. He is exalted. He is exalted. The King is exalted on high. I will praise him. He is exalted. The giver exalted and I will praise his name. He is the Lord forever. His truth shall reign. Heaven and earth. Rejoice in his holy name. He is exalted. The king is exalted on high. He is exalted. The King is exalted on high. I will praise him. He is exalted forever. Exalted. And I will praise his name. He is the Lord forever. His truth shall reign. Heaven and earth. Rejoice in his holy name. He is exalted. The king is exalted on high. Amen. Praise you Jesus. Praise you Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. When I look into his holiness. Halleluah. When I look into his holyness, when I gaze into his loveliness, when all things that surround me come shadowed in the light of you. [Music] When I found the joy of reaching your heart, when my will becomes enthroned in your love, when all things that surround me come shadowed in the light of you, I worship you. [Music] I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. Amen. Amen. When I look into your holyness, [Music] when I gaze into your loveliness, [Music] when all things that surround me come shadow in the light of you, when I found the joy of reaching your heart, and my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things that surround me come shadow in the light of you, what happens? What happens? I worship you. [Music] I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. [Music] I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. Amen. Thank you Jesus for giving us this opportunity Lord to worship you. Thank you for giving us life today to to praise your name for your word says all ye that have breath praise ye the Lord. Lord we worship you in your house Lord. We worship you. Let's uh come let us adore him. Come let us adore him. Amen. Come let us adore him. Oh come let us adore him. Christ the Lord come worthy for he alone is worthy for he alone is worthy Christ the Lord oh adore him. Oh come, let us adore him. Oh come, let us adore him. Christ the Lord. We'll praise his name forever. We'll praise his name forever. will praise his name forever. Christ the Lord will give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the gloryy. We'll give him all the gloryy. Cry, cries the Lord, for he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. For he alone is worthy. Christ the Lord. Amen. I want I want to give the Lord a hand. Praise God. [Music] Lord, we adore you. We love you. Thank you for salvation. Thank you for being such a great God. You're worthy of all praise. Amen. You know, if we were all hypocrites in here today, if we were all hypocrites, he would be worthy to be praised by everyone. That's right. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. All that have breath. Praise you, Lord. Let's sing one more before we dismiss. Our Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Lord Jesus, we just praise you Lord for your son. whatever the need is request as you know the Lord has all that matter and I pray that you would touch the very heartless body together in faith and created [Applause] in the name of Jesus Christ. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] stand just to give you thanks for having praise [Music] singing. I love you, Lord. Singing. I love you, Lord. Singing. I love you, Lord. I love you. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. In moments like these lift up my hands, I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. In moments like these, may you have many moments with the Lord this week. Amen. many moments that you can lift your arms up to him, your hands to him, your voices to him, your heart to him, and just honor him with all your heart. And you know, he the Bible says that he inhabits the praises of his people. It's a good way to get closer to God is just to praise him. May you be encouraged in your relationship with the Lord today, your heavenly father. to to to just continue on to be strengthened and and to grow with the Lord to to know being in his arms. Uh whether you're being corrected or you're being comforted, you have a heavenly father that's to able to meet every need that you would have. God bless you is our sincere prayer. Amen. Going to ask our our brother Stan. So good to see brother Stan here today. Going to ask our brother Stan to dismiss us in a word of prayer.
