################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - 7.20.25 - Consider The Lily - Nathan Erickson - Nathan Erickson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-20
Title:   7.20.25 - Consider The Lily - Nathan Erickson
Speaker: Nathan Erickson
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyMcljdqD6k
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's like this. Sing out song. Sing out a love song to Jesus in all my peace. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. singing I love you all. Singing I love you Lord. I love you. In moments like these sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus in moments like these. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. I love you. Amen. Amen. A beautiful day. &gt;&gt; It's a beautiful day. The other day I was in a restaurant and I went in the restroom and guys watching. He says, "How are you doing?" I said, "I'm doing great." He said, "Wow." He says, "That's that's wonderful." I said, "Two years ago, I said, I went into the doctor and he said, you got two bad valves. You're going to die." I said, "I've had open heart surgery. Every day is a blessing from here on out. And you don't have to have that to to want to say every day is a blessing. &gt;&gt; You don't have to have that. But some of us need a knock on the head. But I love him this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Ask brother Stan if he'll just open in a word of prayer. Amen. &gt;&gt; Dear heavenly father, thank you so much for &gt;&gt; blessing us with another &gt;&gt; kindness of our heart. May just feed us with the word today. &gt;&gt; I would ask Lord that you just speak to each and every person here who's whatever it may always grful mercy. Thank you for holding us. Thank you for the things that you do for us. Amen. &gt;&gt; No, you can't be seated. I'm going through. Amen. Lord, I have started to walk in the light shining upon me from heaven so bright. I'll take the world and its folly is a do. I've started for Jesus and I'm going through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take away with the Lord's despised view. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going through. Oh, there are many who start in this race, but with a light refuse to keep pace. Others accept it because it is true. But not very many expect to go through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do, I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going to rather walk with Jesus alone. Have for a pillow like Jacob a stone, living each moment with his face in view. then shrink from my pathway and fail to go through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going to. Oh, brother. How will you take up your cross? Give up the world and count it as cross. Sell all thou hast and give to the poor and go through with Jesus and those who endure. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do, I'll take the way with the Lord's despise you. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going through. I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price whatever others do. I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. I'm going to Jesus. Yes, I'm going through. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. I have a mansion over the hilltop. Amen. I'm sisfied with just a cottage below. A little silver and a little gold. But in that city [Applause] where the ransom will shine, I want a gold one. that silver line. I've got a manion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old. And someday yonder, we will never more wonder, but walk on streets that are purest gold, though often temped, tormented and tested. And like the prophet, my pillow a stone. And though I find here no permanent dwelling, I know he'll give me a mansion my own. I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old. And someday yonder we will never more wonder but walk on streets that our purest gold. Don't think me poor or deserted or lonely. I'm not discouraged. I'm heaven bound. I'm just a pilground in search of a city. I want a manion, a harp, and a crown. I've got a man chair just over the hilltop with great land where we'll never grow. And someday we will never more wonder but walk on streets that are purest gold. Amen. Amen. And in case you don't know, that's your new body. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's not a carnal house, &gt;&gt; but it's a new body. Amen. I know who am I believed. Amen. I know not why God's wondrous grace to me he hath made known nor why unworthy Christ in love redeemed before his own. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how his saving faith to me he did impart nor how believing in his word brought peace within my heart. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against the day. I know not how the spirit moves, convincing men of sin, revealing Jesus through his word, creating faith in him. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not what of good or ill may be reserved for me. of weery days or golden days before his face I see. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not where my Lord will come at night or noon day fair, nor if I will go with him or meet him in the air. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I like that he's faithful. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I may not be, but he is. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. and praise the Lord. This morning, we only had one uh written out prayer request and that's for Sister Linda Helms. She's not feeling well. Just pray the Lord will just bless her, keep her. Amen. Remember the believers around the world, Ukraine and Poland and Russia, also in Israel, that God will just keep them, keep them safe. remember those that have lost loved ones in Texas and uh I was telling Sister Donna this morning on the way here uh Alaska had an earthquake of 7.3 this past week. Kind of things you don't see. So God is faithful. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the thing that I like about that song. He said he's faithful. Everything that I've committed to him &gt;&gt; that's my life. &gt;&gt; So I know whatever comes my way, &gt;&gt; I've committed it to him. &gt;&gt; And then he's allowed it. He's allowed it. We don't like to think of that, but he's allowed that. &gt;&gt; He knows all things and he's just trying to make us more in his image. Let's all stand together this morning. Let's just join our voices together. Amen. Express. Lord, we just remember speak to bless. &gt;&gt; You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we're grateful that we have Brother Ericson with us this morning. Amen. &gt;&gt; And then we have brother Aaron McGary this coming Wednesday. So make sure you come back. You know, it's kind of discouraging on a Wednesday night to only have five people here. And then next Sunday we have brother Gideon. So &gt;&gt; we're grateful for all of that. Amen. Amen. So want to remember that. Um he hideth my soul. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad for that? Amen. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. A wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cloud of the rock where rivers of pleasure I see. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me with his hand and covers me there with his hand. A wonderful Savior. Is Jesus my Lord. He taketh my burdens away. He holdeth me up and shall not be moved. He giveth me strength as my day. He hideth my soul in the cliff of a rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. And covers me there with his hand. with numberless blessing. Each moment he crowns and filled with his fullness divine. I sing in my rapture. Oh, gloryy to God for such a redeemer as Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand and clothed in his brightness transported our eyes to meet him in clouds of the sky. His perfect salvation, his oneful love, I'll shout with the millions on high. He hideth my soul in a cliff cover up that shadows a dry thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand. And covers me there with his hand. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. One time. One time the Pharisees, everybody got all mad. They were they were gonna throw Jesus off a cliff. Said, "We've had enough with this guy." But he was hid in the cliff of the rock. Just walked right through them. They didn't see him. Aren't you glad for people mad at you all the time and God just put you in the cliff of the rock, &gt;&gt; walk right through them. They don't even know you're there. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand together this morning. Brother Ferguson, I'm going to ask you if you'd just pray over the offering. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I want some higher ground this morning. Amen. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm made. ing every day. Still praying as I'm onward. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven stable land. a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Where doubts arise and fears dismay, though some may dwell, where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on hand and stable land. a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to live above the world. Though Satan starts at me are heard, for faith has found the joyful sound, the song of saints on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven stable land. a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to scale the utmost high and catch a glam of glory pride. But still I'll pray till heaven I found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's stable land. A higher plan than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's stable land. A higher plane than I have founder ground. Amen. Let's thank the Lord for the higher ground that we're going to get. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; I believe I'm going to walk out of here closer to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Higher. The higher we get, the further we get from the devil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And the more victorious we can be in our personal walk with the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. how good it is to be in the house of the Lord today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we want to welcome brother Justin Wholesample. God bless you. I I I remember seeing you, brother, um years ago. Yeah. Well, welcome to the assembly. May God bless you. God bless you this morning. Amen. It's always um always good to to see um our brother Ferguson, his family. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We just love them. Love them. We just love them. Amen. His mother, God, our sisters, mother, God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Um how many's uh how many's been praying for the service? &gt;&gt; Amen. That makes all the difference in receiving. Amen. It's been some years since we've had uh brother Nathan uh with us and I'll just say it's a privilege to have him &gt;&gt; and we've always loved uh his spirit and um just really loves the Lord and he loves his people, God's people. And um we just count it a real privilege and honor to have him with us. And I believe that God is going to bless us this morning and encourage us in in the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand together. How many's been applying the token? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Come. Let's sing. Only believe as our brother comes. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. If only believe all things are possible. How many believe Jesus is here? Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Amen. I believe that this morning. Amen. God bless you. Oh, it's so special to be here uh once again with you. It has been a little while, but uh you sure been uh you've been in our thoughts and prayers and and um just so special to see how the Lord is blessing the work here. So excited to see the beautiful building here and beautiful lot and and uh growth in the church and just see the Lord blessing the work. And I I I'm glad about that. I sure uh we sure are behind you. Sure. appreciate brother John very much. Brother John is uh somebody who has invested greatly in my life. Um you know it has to be said both naturally and spiritually. Brother John gave me my first job out of college and this uh one of the first pastors ever have me come preach for him. And so uh I appreciate you, brother John. He's a man that lives for others. And how many appreciate our pastor this morning? Amen. Amen. We love you, brother John. And it's just uh it's just real really special and really an honor to be here and want to just thank the church for for uh your friendship over the years and especially for taking good care of Grandpa Johnson uh in uh in these last few years of his life. I know he was just well loved and well taken care of here and always talked about how much he enjoyed coming here. So we thank you all. Thank you brother Bruce and everybody who just uh just been friends with my family and so we love you. just want to be a blessing today and a and a help and an encouragement if we can try to bring something that'll just uplift the church and and let you know that we're behind you and with you on life's journey. So, uh greetings from everybody back home from uh Brother Wayne, Brother Ray, and all the saints back at Truer Tabernacle there in Ohio. And also, uh I hate that my family can't be with us. They came all the way to Ann Arbor with me last night. And then uh my little man, who a lot of you haven't met yet, a little man got a fever last night. So, uh, mama stayed home with some sick babies. So, flying solo today. Uh, so Lord willing, next time, next time she'll come along. Matthew chapter 6, if you want to turn with me &gt;&gt; and verse 26, we'll just read the words of Jesus today. Matthew 6 and 26. We'll read down to verse 29 here. Jesus says, "Behold the fowls of the air. For they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly Father feedth them." Are you not much better than they? That's that's an incredible That's an incredible thought there. Uh, but I'd like to focus on the on this next type here a little more. He says, "Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? Uh, and why take ye thought for raignment? Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. So Jesus says we should consider the lily. That's what I'd like to do this morning. Just bring a couple simple thoughts today. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Let's just invite him into this service. Heavenly Father, Lord, it's it's such a special thing, Lord, to be here, Lord, with what feels like home folks, Lord, and family. Well, I just thank you, Lord, for the memories, Lord, and the and and the the the legacy, Lord, of your faithfulness that's represented here, Lord. And what a special people this is to me, Father, and a special church. And what a blessing they've been to me, Lord. Especially in the early years of my life, Lord. And so we just ask Lord that you would just come and do something special for a special people. Lord, Lord, as special as we are as one another, Lord, uh to one another as human beings, Father, how much greater, Lord, in your mind and in your thoughts, Lord, are we are we kept, Lord, and cared for. Lord, uh we could never out love you today, Father. But Lord, I believe I'm speaking to a people, Lord, that you have loved. And Lord, we just want to be a faithful servant today, Lord, to bless the people, Lord, that you are looking out for. Lord, those that you have chosen and elected. Father, I pray, Lord, we'd be able to say something that would encourage, uplift, Lord, and and Lord, and and and support today, Lord, your people, your bride. And so, Lord, we just want to invite you into this service. Lord, we want to be out of your way and ask that you take complete control, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you're seated. Amen. Just want to consider the lily. So, just bear with me a few moments and we'll we'll try to lay a little foundation on this thought. Of course, you know, it's a simple thought, but uh but uh God is a God we know who hides himself in simplicity, brother Brandham would say. And and so, you know, God is simple in his ways, but just because he's simple doesn't mean it's not deep, right? doesn't mean it's not profound or you know that the things of the Lord are not something that takes a while to just uh to really get a handle on. Brother Brandon would talk about this. He preaches one of my favorite messages uh God hiding himself in simplicity. And he makes a statement that a man could sit down and look at a bunch of flowers like a bouquet. And he said, "You could look at a bouquet and study it for 30 minutes sincerely with all your heart and know more about God than if you had all the degrees that a Bible school could give you. for he says God reveals himself in the flower. So I think it would just behoove us today to to take a little time and begin to look at this beautiful type that God has put on the earth of a flower. And you know the story of the flower is the story of an overcomer. Jesus would use the lily to represent the the Christian life. And and uh and brother Brandham would talk a lot about Reverend Mr. Lily. He used to preach that sermon and and uh and you know a flower is a it's a beautiful thing. It's fragile. Uh but it's a it has a sermon. It has a it has something that it gives out little though it is and fragile though it is. It's a it's a life which is expressing something uh into the world which has meaning and it has purpose. Amen. And and that's uh that's that's uh that's what that's what Christianity is. A real Christian life that that has had a process of time and has gone through a season of growth and a season of blessing. you know, a Christian life comes to a place where where uh it's supposed to it's supposed to come into a maturity where it comes into blossom and and there's something, you know, when when uh in the early days of your Christian life, God is pouring so many things into you, but uh but there comes a time when a Christian life comes to a place where it begins to give out. Amen. It gives out a beauty and it gives out a fragrance and and uh and and and and there's a richness of a Christian life that has had time to blossom. Amen. Amen. And and so, you know, but uh but you look at that, it'd be just like you go down to a a florist or something like that or look at a bouquet and you see a beautiful flower, you know, and it's just uh it's just uh it catches the eye and it's got a fragrance and it's got a beauty and you would look at that and say, "Well, now how could I how could I obtain that? How can I, you know, how can I have that in my home?" You know, and so you would look at that and you say, "What a beautiful flower." But, you know, if you want to have a flower, you're going to have to start with a seed. You can't uh you can't just skip to the end. You'd have to you got to start with a seed, right? And it's the same with a Christian life. You know, as a young Christian, you look around, you look at you look at uh brothers and sisters that you admire and there's something about their life that's giving out that that you think is worthy and you think, you know, you think is uh is beautiful in God's way. And you look at that and you say, "Well, you know, but how do I come to that place in my life?" Well, it's the same thing, friends. It all starts with a seed. It starts with a seed, a predestination. A Christian life, you know, is something that starts with a birth. Amen. It doesn't uh you know, you don't you don't just skip from your birth to your adoption. There's a process of learning and growing and being led and and so you know uh you got to start with a seed. That's why you know uh brother Bram would preach so much especially in the final years of his ministry about the quickening power. How many know the Holy Ghost has quickening power? That means power to make something alive and make something you know come into life. And you know that's why we need we need quickening power in the church. We need the you know we can't just gather around in a traditional way or just to observe a ritual but but but Christianity is based around the Holy Ghost the Holy Spirit to come into the church and with quickening power because God is the one who has the power to bring out of us. Amen. What we should be. And so so he sends the hol sends the Holy Ghost into the church not just to bring emotion although it can make you emotional or not just to bring excitement or although it can be quite exciting but but to uh but to bring out of the people the what is what he planted in them. Amen. To make people walk in the purpose that he has for their life. Amen. And so that's uh that's where a Christian really has to come to. A Christian has got to come to a birth. They got to be born again by the spirit of God. Amen. Amen. Because a seed, you know, you notice a seed, a seed isn't born when it falls from the branch of its parentage, right? When a when a seed falls off the tree, that's not the birth of a new tree. That's a that's just a, you know, that's just a seed falling to the ground. But but that seed might lay there and it might lay there quite a while. It might lay there for seasons and time and Amen. But there comes a point in time when that seed something happens to that seed. It becomes quickened. Amen. I love that word. It becomes quickened. and you know and uh and and and that's when the seed is born is when it's quick in the life. And so you know a a a young person or a Christian is not born when they join a church. They're not born again, you know, when they though it' be a good church. They're not they're not born again the first time they hear a good sermon or hear a message. That's not that's not a real quickening. But sometimes they'll lay there, you know, like me, I I grew up in church, so I fell from the branch of Brian and Lucille Ericson and laid in church for quite a long time. But there comes a time in the Christian life when the Holy Spirit comes your way and touches you and and now it it may not be some great dramatic moment but but the thing is from that time things can't be the same because when a seed is quickened it unlocks something in that seed that it's going it's going to start pushing toward a destiny. Amen. Amen. That's what a new birth is. It's the awakening of a seed of life that's in you. That's a it's a beautiful thing. Now, everything you see on the outside of that seed is a is just a dead husk. It's just a all it is is something for the life inside that seed to consume and push up into a flower. It's a it's just a husk. And it's the same way with us friends. You know, uh we love to see the we love to see a beautiful church building and we love to come together and sing the songs and have our fellowship one with the other. But if that was all it was, all those outward things and just all those external attributes of our religion that that in itself is not life. Amen. But but it's the Holy Ghost in the church. It's the Holy Ghost in the worship. And it's the Holy Ghost in the preaching. Amen. That that that has life and gives life. Amen. And so and everything else is just a dead husk. And that's why, you know, that's why there are a lot of uh you know, there there there are a lot of I've been preaching uh at home a little bit on a on a little series on the lifeline. And and you know, uh talking about the lifeline, how it comes from seed after seed and generation after generation. There's a there's a line of life. And Amen. Amen. I I believe uh I believe the church, the bride today under the message of the hour is coming to a place of maturity. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, but maturity doesn't mean uh maturity doesn't to me mean that she becomes dry. It doesn't mean that she becomes formal or cold or you know or or or or or or shrivels up like old husk. Amen. I I believe a mature tree, a mature plant is a plant that has come to the place where it's ready to bring forth new life. Amen. That's a mature plant. A mature a plant's not mature. you know, when it's been cut down and take to the burning pile and, you know, it served its purpose and it's got no life in it anymore. But a mature plant, a mature a mature grain, a wheat plant, when it comes to maturity, it's at the point where it's ready to to produce a seed that's just like the original one that went into the ground. And I believe the br the message is taking the bride to a place, amen, where where she is able to bring forth new life. She should be more more giving of life than she ever has been. She should be more able to reproduce the life of Christ. More able to bring young people and new Christians to uh to a new birth and to a new experience and bring forth Holy Ghost children because Amen. because she has come to her maturity and she's come to where she's ready to fulfill her purpose. Amen. There's a lot that could be said on that topic, but I'm really just I'm moving toward some other areas here. And so, you know, uh Brother Brandham would use a quote, and I I've quote it many times. I'm sure I'm sure I quoted it, I bet the first time I ever preached for brother John. But in the in the Easter Seal, Brother Bram says, "Are we really getting people to Christ or are we just getting them to church?" And that has been the passion of my life is to make sure that we don't take this beautiful glorious message which has come in our day and turn it into another dead letter of tradition and turn it into something that's just ritual and just stories about what happened years ago. Amen. It's good, he said, to get people to church, but you got to get them past the church and actually make sure people have made a personal contact with Christ. He said, where there's quickening power. Amen. In another of his Easter messages when he would talk about liies, he said, "Is there somebody here?" He's talking to his own church now. And he he would challenge his own church. He said, "Is there somebody here who doesn't have that quickening power in you where the sun is shining across you?" He said, "Now maybe you've sat in this tabernacle. You've listened to tapes." He said, "And yet the spirit has never quickened you to follow the word of God." Oh, he said, "That's a dangerous thing." Brother Brandham said one time, "The most dangerous deception or the greatest deception is for somebody to think they're a Christian and not be." Well, why would somebody think they're a Christian? Because of an outward appearance. Well, I belong to church and I dress a certain holy way and I act a certain way and I believe God sent a prophet and all of these things. But but that on the outside does is not just the evidence of life. Amen. But there's got to be something on the inside. Brother Bram said it's a dangerous thing to be a dead seed to be a, you know, a seed that's laying there with so much potential in it. But it's never made contact with something that could bring that seed to life and be and cause, Amen. And put into motion a growth and a maturing. Amen. That could bring something not just put some not just put blessings into you, but bring blessings out of you. Amen. And make you a real Christian that can spread the light to the world. Amen. He said, "Oh, it'd be a dangerous thing to be a dead seed." But he said, "There's something in you. If there's something in you that tells you, I want to rise this morning. I I want to rise from the state that I'm in. And I don't want to just be a dead seed and be left to dirt and driftwood. I want to rise." How many hear that little voice on the inside? I'll tell you what, brother, sister, you know, I don't know, you know, I don't know the conditions of everybody's life today, but you know, uh, you might be in a dark place in your life, and you may you may be struggling with things, or, you know, maybe maybe spiritually you're not really where you should be with the Lord, and maybe your heart's not really where it should be. And that, you know, that that's a that's how that's where we get as human beings sometimes. But but if there's a little voice down beyond lower down than the condition that you're in, lower down than the things that you're struggling with, a little deep calling to the deep on the very inside of you, a little voice that says, I don't want to stay here down where I'm at. Amen. But I want to rise this morning. I'm feeling pulled toward I don't know how I could get to a higher place, but something in me is saying I want to rise and I want to I want to attain and I want to I want to get somewhere further with God. Amen. where I'm closer to him tomorrow than I was today. And then and know that next year I'll be further down the road than where I am now. I don't want to be dead, a dead Christian. I want to be alive and I want to rise. Amen. Brother, sister, if you got a little voice like that on the inside of you, I want you to I want you to do something for me this morning. Forget your weakness. Forget what you're struggling with. Forget about the circumstances and the conditions and the obstacles of your life. Because if you got a little voice like that on the inside that's yearning for greater life, brother and sister, you got power this morning. And I'm I want to preach about a very special kind of power. You know, we all we we preach about power to heal the sick and power to perform miracles and power to break chains and all those kind of things. And all of that, all that's the true power of God. Amen. But the power I want to talk about is the most power. It's the most important kind of power that there is in the Christian life. It's called power to become. Amen. Cuz if you're a seed of God, amen, then uh that uh uh by by predestination, then you have a power in that seed. A seed has a has power. Now, a a seed looks little, a seed looks insignificant, a seed looks very very humble, but it has a power in it that given time and atmosphere, it will become in the image of where it came from, it's because it's got power actually in it to become Amen. what it's supposed to be. Uh we we we'll get into it a little bit. That's that's why something in you wants to rise because the there's a there's a law in a seed. How many know that everyone that God knew in the fornowledge of his mind, Amen, is a is a predestinated seed of God. He called you a a gene seed. Amen. Amen. Well, that you know that's not just accidental language. A seed is something very very unique and very powerful. Amen. Because a seed is the encapsulation of a law of God. You you look at it naturally. You take a little seed and that is an encapsulation of God's law. How many know in the days of Genesis, God created the heavens and the earth and he put a law in effect. He said he didn't he didn't necessarily put a put an oak tree on the earth or or or or or or put a you know an apple tree but he put seeds in the earth and but when he planted the seed he put a law in the seed to become what he had in his mind in the beginning. He was thinking about an oak tree so he planted an acorn. Amen. Oh my. But he put a law in an acorn. It's a law of God now because he said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." &gt;&gt; Amen. You ready for some deep teaching this morning? Ever since God said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." Amen. A cat has never had puppies. &gt;&gt; It's never happened one time. Anybody ever seen it? Anybody? And a dog has never had kittens. It's never happened at one time ever since God made a law when he said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." So, I want you to understand this morning that I'm talking about a law of God. Not a not a most of the time or not a tendency or not a usually, but a law God puts in a seed that every time when it brings forth life and it reproduces itself, it will bring forth the same kind of life that it came from. Amen. And there's a lifeline that runs down through the generations. Now, Amen. Now, it's a it's a powerful law, friends, and it's deep. Now, it's simple. It's a simple law, but it's deep. Amen. It actually is. Uh uh but and you can you can spend a lot of time looking into it. And people do, you know, you could spend a lot of time studying a seed and studying studying that process of life and and oh my, you think of you think of agriculture today and all of the science and all of the research and all the technology and chemistry and things that goes into the growing of our food, you know, and they they take it down to a lab and they've got, you know, and they they they they uh they they'll they'll splice genes and they can get down into the very DNA of the seed and and and and the nutrients of the soil and everything. And it's become so advanced and it's become so so technical and so you know so uh and it's it's so so deep. Amen. But at the end of the day, you know what happens? The farmer goes out in the field. He puts a seed in the ground and he lets God's law happen because you know no matter how much you can learn about it, how much you can try to meddle with it or tamper with it. At the end of the day, you got to put a seed in the ground and let God's law happen. And you can't go out the next day and dig up the seed and and try to see what's happening. Amen. try to peel it open and pull a flower out of it. It's got to go by God's law and by God's way. There's a process of time. Amen. But I'll tell you what, you don't have to worry about the process of time. A farmer doesn't plant corn and then worry that he's going to get potatoes. Amen. Because God has a law that every time you put a seed of corn in the ground, you'll get a a harvest of corn. Amen. Every time. Now uh we're going to try to bring it to where can understand the spiritual side of this. But brother Brandham preached a message called God's power to transform. Again we're talking about power today. God has power to transform. And one time I I was studying this message and and I thought well you know God's power to transform. I want to I want to know more about this transform God's power. I want to understand more about God's transformation you know. And so I began to study this message. Do you know the amazing thing? He spends almost the whole message, brother John, talking about a seed. And so there's a mystery in that. But brother man would say in this message, he said when he put the seed in the earth, let let's listen closely to this. When he put the seed in the earth, the seed can only come forth with the power of life within it. I I love that. To transform it from a seed to a plant or whatever it was, his transforming power. Now he said, now God put the seed in there with potential. Amen. That it would be what he said it would be. I'm not talking about acorns now. I'm talking about Christians. And as long as it stayed in its right category, it would be just exactly what God said it would be. And it had to be that way because he made it that way. And he made a channel that anything that stays in his channel, stays in his line of word, it will have to bring forth exactly like his word said it would do. Oh my. Amen. Now watch what now watch God's attitude toward it. He said, "Now then God said it's all good, so I'll just rest." God said, "I'll just rest." Amen. He remember he rested on that last day of creation. And he said, "And each of those seeds, now listen now, has power in itself to be to transform itself into the species that I desire it to be. That's what it must be because I have given every seed transforming power to make out of itself in its potentials now to make of itself exactly what I want it to be." Amen. Say, "Brother Nathan, I need power this morning. I need I need transforming power because I've got situations in my life that need a transformation and I I need my body transformed and I need my attitude transformed and I need some of my habits transformed. Well, brother, Amen. Listen, God has already provided transforming power to the Christian. He provided it when he put a seed of life within you by predestination and called you one of his children. Before there was a world, before there was sin, before there were struggles, God was thinking about each one of his children. Amen. But he planted them as a seed into this world. And when God planted the seed, Amen. He already knew that he would get out of that seed what he wanted it to be. Amen. He's not worried about it. It's us that's worried about it. We're worried about how we'll get through this next situation. We're worried about how we'll, you know, we'll get to the next level with God. We're worried about how we'll survive the tests and the tribulations and all those things. But let me tell you friends, God did not gain confidence in you when you came to an altar. He didn't. Amen. The first time you walked in the door of the church and Amen. and and you tried to turn over a new leaf and decided you'd be a better person. That's not when God gained his confidence in you. God has had confidence in every one of his children ever since he planted them. Amen. Ever since he carried them in his mind because God when he put a seed in you, he put a law in that seed. Amen. and that it can't help but become what he wanted it to be in the beginning. Amen. Cuz he put a law of life in the seed. He put his own life in you when he gave you the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Not just for a tingle up and down your spine. Amen. And the 50 years of backsliding. Amen. No, it was to bring a life. Amen. Into you. Amen. That would begin to push up and begin to push out. Amen. And make you what God wanted you to be. There's none of God's children that don't have purpose. There's none of God's children that don't have a fragrance and a beauty to bring forth into this world. They're not the same, but they're all part of the bouquet. Amen. But listen, friends, God's not worried about getting out of his church what he wanted to get out of it. Amen. Cuz he put a law in the sea that in spite of you and me, Amen. We could not help, Amen. become into the image of what God had for us in his mind. Cuz the Bible says we are predestinated unto adoption. And it's a powerful thing, friends. And it gives us rest and it gives us peace when we understand amen that there's a husbandman. There's a there's a there's a God who knows how to grow a garden. &gt;&gt; He knows what he's doing. Friends, amen. See, that's God's power to transform. That's that power to become. Jesus said in John 1, as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Power to become the sons of God. and say, "Brother Nathan, you ever felt weak?" I felt I Yeah, just this morning, actually. Amen. Every day of my life, we battle with of our lives. We battle with human weakness. We battle with our human frailty. We struggle. We make mistakes. We We often slip, as the song would say. Amen. But listen, friends. And yet, I believe that that somehow someway Nathan Ericson is going to become what God wanted Nathan Ericson to be. Amen. Because when I received Christ into my life, Christ came with power. And it was power to become a son of God. Amen. The power that's the power of a seed. And now I want you to notice it's a law, friends. Amen. Let me let me let me just put it very simply today. When God plants a seed, God expects a blossom. &gt;&gt; Amen. He expects it and he's not worried about it. The Bible says in Isaiah 55 that the rain comes down out of heaven and he gives seed and bread. Now there's a process of seed becoming bread but the same rain brings it brother. Amen. And so and he said so the rain comes down and gives seed to the sewer. It gives bread to the eater. He said so shall my word be that goeth out of my mouth. It will not return to me void. He said it will accomplish what I please. Amen. Amen. And it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. You know sometimes the Holy Ghost in your life. Amen. Things come to pass in the Christian journey and it doesn't necessarily please us and we go through disappointments and we wonder why and we ask questions. But listen, God is going to get out what he pleased. Amen. That's why he sent He sent the Holy Spirit. Amen. He sent his word. Amen. That it would accomplish. He said, "And prosper in the thing whereto I sent it." Amen. And I believe today that God has sent a message of adoption into this age. Amen. He sent us such a message, friends, and and and broke the seals off of the word of God. He sent that. Amen. And when he sent it, he was expecting manifested sons. And some people look around, they look at the state of things and the community of the message, and they look at the the negative side of things and church issues and and mistakes of ministry and and and situations and and drama, you know, good oldfashioned drama between human beings. and and they look at all those things and become discouraged and say, "Well, brother Nathan, I'm just worried about things. I'm worried that this message will just kind of fizzle out. And I'm worried this next generation won't be able to carry on the torch. And I'm worried that the influences of the world will be too great. And I'm worried because I see all these I see all these difficulties, you know, in the community." And Amen. But listen, friends, uh, Amen. God sent a message expecting a result. And God will get a result. Now, now the thing is, we're looking at the husk sometimes. Amen. People become discouraged and disillusioned because they say, "Well, we've got we've got problems in the organization." But listen friends, God didn't send a message to the organization. He sent the message to an individual. He's not just trying to get to the group, to the church. He's trying to get to the heart of a person. Amen. So he can find the seed that he planted there and bring it forth. Oh my. The message, I don't care if the message didn't work for this church or that church or or that organization or this organization. It'll work for a heart. Amen. It'll work for an individual. It'll work for you, brother, sister, because it's God's word. And when he said his word, he planted it in this world. And he wasn't worried about a bride taking a rapture. Amen. He knew it would bring forth a rapture. He knew it would bring forth manifested sons because there's a law in the seed that was planted. &gt;&gt; A law of life. Amen. And it'll prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. I want you to know it's a law today. It cannot fail. It's an infallible law of God. Oh my. You say, you know, Brother Nathan, well, the thing is, I'm looking at this great call of the hour. I've been listening to the message, Brother Nathan, and it's and it's painting a picture of a bride church, and you know, Brother Bam said she'd be an invincible army, and she would do the greater works, and she'd have a she'd have adoption authority, and you know, she'd she'd have all these things. And and and and I'm looking at this picture in my mind of this great, beautiful, perfect church. And then I'm looking at me, Brother Nathan, and I'm so small and I'm so humble and I feel like, it's not that I don't know the Lord or haven't had an experience with God, but I feel like I've only got a little Jesus. &gt;&gt; I've only got a little Jesus today. And out of everybody in the church, I've got the least amount of Jesus. Amen. Well, listen friends, the thing about little Jesus, you know, Brother Bram said, God doesn't have little weak spots in him and and great big heavy spots that are powerful and little spots that are weak. Brother Bram said, "The least touch of God is omnipotent." Another time he said that when the weakest of Christians goes to their knees, hell trembles. Amen. Amen. He said, "If you're the skin on the on the bottom of his toe," Amen. Amen. Then then you know you then you're still over every demon out of hell. Amen. There's no such thing as a little Jesus that's not a powerful Jesus. Amen. Little Jesus one day he went down to the you know, we think we don't know anything. Amen. And we don't we think we don't understand all the mysteries and things. But little Jesus went down to the temple one day and he began to talk to all of the great theologians of that time and sit down with the priest and Amen. He began to talk circles around him. Amen. Not that not because he was educated, not because he knew a lot, but because of who he was and the life that was in him and the revelation of who he was. Amen. He talked rings around those guys. That's what little Jesus did. Because little Jesus to this morning is still Jehovah Jesus. And if you only got a little Jesus, I want you to know it's still healer Jesus. He's still deliver Jesus. He's still comfort Jesus. He's still victory Jesus. He's still peace Jesus. He's everything you need Jesus. He's a provider Jesus. That's what little Jesus is. But little Jesus will not stay little. Amen. Brother Bram said, "When a man or woman gets born again, a little bit button of light," he said, "Just about the size of a button on your shirt." Just a little bit of light, a button of light comes into that person. Amen. But the thing about that little button of light, that little bit of Jesus, he says, "What happens is that little bit of light comes into all of your darkness and then it begins to grow and then it begins, oh my, you think, you think you can't do anything with that little Jesus. Get that little Jesus down to church. Get it in the atmosphere of worship. Get it under the ministry of the word. Watch what happens. Little Jesus begins to expand. And little Jesus begins to push. And you know what'll happen? All of a sudden, that little button, amen, gets big enough, it starts pushing on your depression. And it starts pushing on those filthy habits. And it starts pushing down on your on on on your bad attitude. And it just begins to take over. It begins to push out. And before you know it, it pushes out sin. It'll push out it'll push out worry. It pushes out restlessness. It pushes out anxiety. And it begins. That's what little Jesus does. Cuz brother, it's a seed. And there was a law in that seed when he planted it in your life. Amen. That it couldn't stay as little as it was. It had to grow. And if you've ever met the quickening power, you've got something that's going to grow. Amen. It's not going to stay not going to stay the same. It might have been so, you know, it seemed so insignificant when it came to life, but from that time, something was set into motion. A law. A law of life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You know, uh uh uh the first house we had when we left Michigan and moved to Ohio down in Finley, Ohio, I had uh I I lived in town, an older house, and it had this ugly old fence just falling apart around the backyard. And I thought, my that's an ugly fence. And I got to do something to pretty this up, you know, and uh I couldn't I didn't want to get a new fence cuz fences ain't cheap, you know. So, I said, 'What I'll do is I'll get a nice flowering vine and I'll plant it on that fence and let it let it grow across that fence and that'll pretty it up real good and you know that'll kind of take care of the issue and out of sight, out of mind. And so, I went down to Menard's, bless God, and uh and I found a little I found a a little packet of seeds called morning glory. If any of you are gardeners, you're already laughing at me. A little seed called morning glory. And I thought I like the sound of that, that morning glory. I'm going to get me some of that. So, I bought a packet I think a couple packets of it and I went home and I read on the packet said just take one seed every 6 in. And I thought I bought tons of this stuff. So, I took that packet of seed and I went down my fence and I just sprinkled those seeds all the way down the fence row. You know what? Nothing happened that day. Nothing happened the next day. Amen. But after a little season of time, maybe a week and maybe a month, all of a sudden, signs of life begin to appear. And Amen. And that morning glory starts to come and it began to it began to grow up my fence and just in no time, brother Bruce, it had filled up that whole fence and I thought, "Praise the Lord, that's exactly where I wanted it was on the fence." The problem with morning glory, it won't stay on the fence. Amen. But it came off the fence and it began to, you know, it's just like sometimes we think, well, I'll go down to church and I'm just going to, you know, I'll go down on Sunday and then the rest of the week I'll do whatever I want to, but I I need to kind of have a nice, you know, I need to adopt a nice Christian appearance and and try to clean up my life a little bit and I'll just go down to church and I'll get a little bit of Jesus. You watch out now. Amen. It won't stay. You really get an experience with God. It won't stay where you want it. But what it did was it began to push out. It went into my yard. It went up the tree. It went up the side of my house. It went up the side of my garage and it got into my vegetable garden and it started at the bottom of my tomato plants and it went all the way to the tippy top of those tomatoes. Weeds couldn't grow in my garden. Amen. Cuz it was too full of morning glory. And brother, that's that's what God has done for his children. Amen. He planted something in you. Amen. Expecting it to take over. Amen. You we struggle with things. We go through darkness. Amen. We have trials and temptations. Amen. But there's a life on the inside, amen, that's pushing out, amen, and it's beginning to come into friction with the darkness of our life. And it won't rest, friends, until it makes you, Amen, what God wanted you to be. You can rest in it. You can rest assured. I'm convinced today, Amen, you could drop a nuclear bomb on Finley, Ohio. You could erase every memory of Nathan Ericson, but next spring that morning glory is coming back. By now, it probably took over that whole neighborhood. That's what the Amen. That's what the bride of Christ has got. It's the glory of God. Rise and shine. Your light has come. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh my. It's the rising of the sun. See, there's only one limitation on how far a seed can grow. That is the season that it's in. &gt;&gt; And I and and listen friends, we've come to a time, there's never been a day like this day. Brother Bran would say that the church has come. She's not in the season of justification under Luther. She's not in the season of sanctification under Wesley. Amen. And she's not. She's beyond the season of the Pentecostal baptism of the Holy Ghost. Brother Bram says, "Now we're in the blossom. Now it's sons coming to maturity. Now it's adoption time, rapture time. It's the end time, friends." And so in a season like that, I want you to see there is no limit. Amen. There's no limits on how far the Holy Ghost can take a genuine uh born again child of God. Amen. because the limits have been taken off. It is time to come to fullness. It's time for maturity. Amen. It's time for the fullness of adoption. Friends, we're in the blossom. It's Easter time. It's time to rise. Now, now take your idea today. Amen. Uh in your mind, you got a certain idea of of the ceiling of your potential. You got it in your mind. This is as far as I'll probably ever go with God. This is the most I'm ever capable of. This is the closest I'll ever be to him. This is the most I'll ever serve him. Let me tell you something. Throw it out today. Amen. Because we're living in a time of untapped potential. Amen. We're living in the blossom, friends. And whatever your idea is of what God can do through you, it's probably too small. &gt;&gt; Cuz I'm talking about a mighty God. I'm not preaching a charismatic idea of of, you know, uh, well, you you know, everybody's got to have a worldwide ministry and drive a Cadillac and and and and all those kind of things. No, you know, or be a great big somebody. No, I'm talking about the bride. I'm talking about little nobbodyies who can do the greater works of God. Little nobbodyies who can who can bring a life in a blossom. That can be a fragrance where people don't even have to speak a word to you, but they can tell you're a Christian. Amen. Where there's an atmosphere to your life where somebody know more than take you by the hand and they feel God's presence wash over them. Amen. I'm talking about lives in blossom. Friends, that's what I want to be. That's all I want in this world is to reach my potential. Amen. and be what God thought about me before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. It's time to rise, friends. &gt;&gt; It's time for liies to come forth. Brother Brandham preached a wonderful, wonderful, every Easter, he would talk about that lily just about. And uh and he I thought it was amazing. He uses that pond lily of all the liies. He takes a pond lily and talks about how that pond lily starts out way in the bottom of a pond, buried down in the dirt somewhere in a dark and filthy place. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's it's it's filthy. It's dirty. Talking about where some of you came from. And when you pass over that little seed, when you look at it, you can't tell the difference between that little seed and all of the earth around it. It might have been laying there in a drug den or a or an alley or a or a or or wherever it was, you know, a broken home or a broken church or whatever it came out and you looked at it. You could not tell the difference between the seed and the dirt. There was Amen. just by looking at it. But but there was comes a time where somehow someway a little ray of light bounces down through all of that darkness and strikes that little seed just right. And when it hits that seed, something happens, a quickening. Now, when that seed was quickened, and it wasn't necessarily a big explosion, it didn't necessarily heave up the bottom of that pond, you know, and and everybody, the whole world didn't take notice of what happened, but the seed knew something had happened. There was a little awakening. There was a little change. There was a Oh, there was a quickening. Amen. And then from that time, something in the seed, a little voice began to speak and say, "Higher, higher, further, upward." Amen. Something up there is pulling me. Amen. I got to find out where that little ray of light came from. And so it begins to push out. It begins to fight through all that filth. And oh, it's dirty. You know, it's down there. It's just covered in all the filthy things of the world, but it's fighting and it's struggling and it pushes and it claws until one day there's a breakthrough. Oh my. Amen. You know, the problem is sometimes Christians, they they they come to the church, they get a real experience with God, and God really really does something for them, and then the next day they turn around, they find out they're still a human being. They still got issues. They still got struggles. And then they begin to think, well, maybe there was nothing to my breakthrough. Cuz that's what the little lily did. It broke through. And then, Brother John, it was still at the bottom of a pond. &gt;&gt; And so, it breaks through out of all that filth. And it comes into a into the realm of sanctification. Amen. Where it's living a holy life and amen. And it's and it's trying to do right and trying to dress right, trying to act right and talk right and all those things, but it's under pressure and there's a pressure on it. And then there's there's a every time the the currents come, there's all this influence on that little lily. Amen. and all the turning of the tides and times come and go and influences of the world and it's pushed this way and then it's pushed that way and it just seems like it doesn't have the strength to resist the pressure. Amen. And you know, you know, in church it feels like a Christian and then Monday morning at school, you know, friends come up and they they say, "Well, let's go do this or let's talk about that." And it just caves to the pressure. Amen. You know, because it's under pressure. Amen. and it's looking around maybe maybe uh you know some of you live through that stage in your life and you're looking around at people around you and co-workers and schoolmates and and it seems like they don't care they just go with the flow just kind of like uh you know that uh I call it seaweed but it's fresh water but you know you go to the streams around here and stuff and you know the plant I'm talking about where the where the water's running fast and shallow and that that seaweed's just &gt;&gt; you know and then then the spring rain comes and the current reverses and then it And &gt;&gt; that's most people of the world. They just go with the flow. They're because they're made for shallow water. But not this lily. Cuz a lily's got a structure to it. It's got a strength. And it it it feels the influence of the tides, but something in it is saying, "No, but I belong in a higher place than this. I'm not made to be just pushed and pulled by everything that comes and goes in the world." Amen. I'm going up higher. Amen. And so it pushes, it swims, it fights. Amen. It finally gets up into the top. Amen. And feels that ray of sun. Amen. Amen. Not just a little ray of light that found it down in the dark. Amen. But but the full presence of the sun. Amen. And it begins under that influence. It begins to it begins to open up its blossom and relax and rest. And then it brings out a fragrance and everybody around the pond, amen, can enjoy the beauty coming out of that flower. Amen. Why? Because it stood the test of time and it proved what it was in the first place. Brother Bram said, "That's the overcomer." Now, now, you know, people can't look at that overcomer and say, "Yeah, but I remember what I remember what she was up to when the Lord got her." Yeah, I remember what she came from. Oh, I remember what kind of church he went to, and I remember the situations that happened. I remember what that family did back then and the way they were living. Brother Bram said, "You can't say that now. You can't say, well, you know, well, he came out of the mud." But brother Brand said, "But he's not in the mud now. He's on top." Amen. Amen. Oh my. He's an overcomer. You can't point at what he was, but what is he now? He's on top. Oh, amen. Some of you today, you fought through all manner of hell to be sitting here today worshiping the Lord. Amen. But listen, what was it that kept you? You know, it wasn't you that kept yourself, but there was a law of life within you. There was a seed, amen, that was that was craving higher things. It was craving a closer walk with God. And so, it pushed you up out of where you were to bring you to the house of God. Now, what a beautiful picture of the overcomer. Friends, who you are is not what you've come through. &gt;&gt; Who you are is not where you've been. Amen. Who you are, Amen, is where you came from. Amen. It's the life that birthed you into this world. That's who you are. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. You know, it's a powerful sermon talking about this overcoming lily. But it strikes the heart different to somebody who's down in the dirt or somebody in your life you say, "Brother Nathan, I'm identifying more with I feel like I'm under so much pressure and push this way and push that way and got no strength to stand and overcome and I feel like I'm one of those seaweed, Brother Nathan. And most some days I feel like I'm drowning. I just feel like I'm drowning trying to be a Christian in this world." But look, friends, here's what you got to get a hold of. You say, "Well, I look at this one. I look at that one and I see their life is in blossom and I can I can feel the presence of the Lord coming off of them and I see the character and I see the maturity and I look at myself, brother Nathan, I'm in the dirt. I'm in the water. I'm drowning. But listen friends, when that little seed when it was just a little when it was a little sprout of life just clawing up and just struggling helplessly against a bunch of filthy things. Amen. It was still a lily. And when it was down there in the water looking at all the seaweed and thinking, I wish I could just be like everybody else. It was It wasn't like everybody else. It was still a lily. Amen. And it was a See, it was a lily when it was a seed. It was a lily when it was a sprout. It was a lily when it was a vine. It was a lily when it's a flower. It's a lily the whole time. That's what you got to see, friends. It's the same life. Amen. It's the same Holy Ghost that birthed you in the first place is the same comforter who leads you to her adoption. Amen. The Holy Ghost that birthed you is able to help you grow. He's able to help you get through all adversity. He's help you. He's able to get you up on top if you'll trust him. He put a law of life within you. Amen. God's not worried about it. We're worried about it. But God knows how to get out of you what he put there. Amen. Don't worry, friends. On your best day, you're a child of God. But on your worst day, you're still a child of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh my. Brother Bram would say he talked about uh in the restoration of the bride tree, he talks about the law of life, you know, and uh I wish I had more time to get into it, but he'll talk about a fish, you know, a fish has a law of life in it. It's made for a certain environment. &gt;&gt; It's made to swim in the water. Now, he said, now that fish might make up his mind, I'm going to be I'm really going to be something. I'm not going to be like the other fish. I'm going to get a big deep breath of air and I'm going to go up there in the air and I'm going to be with all the humans. You know, he said, "Well, what'll happen? That fish will burst." because he's not made to breathe air. He's made to breathe in the water. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what he's made for. And there's a law of life in him. He talked about a tree. He said a tree might decide, well, you know, I'm not going to be like the rest of the trees. I'm going to grow out in the middle of the intersection like so I can really everybody can see me and I can really be somebody important. He said, but but no, a tree is not made to grow in the concrete. He's made to grow in the dirt. And so, you know, and so watch now what I'm trying to say, amen, is that there's a law of life. And brother Bram said, we've got a law of life. And it so he said now it's not how we fight. It's not how we pull. It's not how we hurry. How many have been in a hurry to be a real overcoming Christian? You've been in a hurry. You know that people get, you know, that's what happens sometimes. People get converted and they get a lot of zeal for the Lord. Next thing they do, you know, like they they they got born again Monday and they want to be pastor in a church Friday, you know, or they want to be this or that. And so they just want to skip to the end and get in a hurry and I just go out and do really do something. But brother Brandham said it's not what we how we fight and pull and hurry and say if I don't get this and if I don't get that. That's not it. He said it's to know that the law of life is in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then you just let go and let God. He takes it to a bird. It's not a bird says maybe if I run real fast and I just flap real hard then I'll fly. Amen. That's what a lot of Christians try to do. They say, "If I just try really hard, if I really make up my mind that this time it's going to be different and I'm really going to get somewhere and I'm really going to pull the blessings out of heaven, you know, and just try work real hard." That's not how birds fly. They got a law of life in them. They're made a certain way. They just put their wings out and catch that breeze. Amen. And it's the And the law of life lifts them up all by itself. They don't have to work and strive and struggle. Amen. They just they just they follow the law of life that's in them. Listen, friends. Amen. You just let go, Brother Brham said, and let God. And then he takes you to your healing. He takes you to the baptism of the spirit. Oh my. Or anything that he's promised, he said, any claim that he's given is yours by letting go and letting God. Amen. Oh yeah. You know, brother Brand, preach, see, it's not, that's what yielding is. Yielding isn't trying to be something you're not. &gt;&gt; Yielding is being exactly who you are. Amen. But trusting that law of life on the inside, you get mixed up in something you know you're not supposed to be. Amen. And that law of life is speaking to you on the inside. That little voice says, "No, that's not for you. That might be for him or her. That's not for you." Amen. You're made for You're made for higher things. Then you just yield to that. You say, "Yeah, that's right, Lord. I'm going to That's the law of life on. Thank you for that voice, God." Amen. Because that's calling me up higher. Amen. That's bringing me into what I what I'm supposed to be. Amen. And it's not how much we try as Christians and worry and fret and fuss and try to muster up something. That ain't it at all. &gt;&gt; It's rest. &gt;&gt; And and rest, friends, you know, it's a there's a paradox there. Brother Brandham preached that message, Reverend Mr. Lily, he talks about it a lot. And I was thinking about it one time. He gets real real paints a real colorful picture of a lily and how that lily, you know, for it to overcome, you know, brother John, that lily has got to toil. He said it's got to fight and spin and claw. cuts up way out of the dirt and just fight and and struggle to get get out of that dirt and be a lily. Oh yeah. He and you know how this lily has to toil. And I thought, what an amazing picture. And then I went and read what Jesus said. He said, "Consider the lily. They toil not. That's right. &gt;&gt; Neither do they spin." I thought, "Well, there's a paradox, Brother Bruce." And I began to think about it. Amen. The Holy Spirit just showed it to me in a certain way is that Yeah. Yeah. That lily, there's a struggle to its life. It's a It has things that it has to press through. It has things that it has to toil a and spin to come up out of the ground, but it doesn't have to toil to be a lily. &gt;&gt; And friends, that's the way it is for you. You never worked one day in your life to be a son or daughter of God. You never earned it. It was never merited. It was God's grace, amen, to make you what you are. You don't have to worry about it, friends. Just be what God made you. You can't make somebody a seed. And if they're seed, you can't make them not a seed. Amen. You cannot undo in time what God has done in eternity. Just trust the law of life within you. Oh, amen. I believe God knew when he sent the gospel that he was dealing with human beings. So, he sent a gospel. Amen. Not for angels. It's a gospel for human beings with human problems and human struggles and human issues. God knows what he's dealing with. &gt;&gt; He knew what he was choosing when he chose you. &gt;&gt; And he knows what to do with you, friends. You It lily doesn't have to work to be a lily. And you don't have to work to be a Christian. Amen. And yet a Christian works. And yet a Christian struggles. But the toil is not trying to you're not you're not trying to be a Christian. &gt;&gt; You are a Christian. &gt;&gt; And you're just a Christian that's trying to please God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You see, when it that that picture you get that it changes everything &gt;&gt; about the Christian walk. &gt;&gt; Listen, if you're a son now, the Bible says now we're the sons of God. If you're a son, manifestation will come. &gt;&gt; Because if you're his son, then you have his potential. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Brandaman, birth painans. That's what we're talking about. The struggle of bringing forth life. He preached the sermon birth pains. And he said that little seed bursts open into life now. But he said it can't do that until it comes through all that process. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's a process, friends. It's got to come through that. And he said, "But that's what makes it." He said, "Because the sun itself is what's drawing it." Amen. And when it gets fully above the dirty waters and muck and so forth, then it's so happy. It gives its life out freely. And it's a beautiful life. &gt;&gt; A beautiful life when it gets in the presence of that which is drawing it up. And amen. That's the promise that the word of God makes to you, friends. Now, I know that there's so many people sit in churches and and I sat there for a long time in my life. It it ain't about whether it's a good church or a good pastor. It's just the way we are as human beings. We got to come through the process. But we sit in a church miserable. Amen. Unhappy. Amen. Just just burdened. Amen. Because, you know, we're stuck in a terrible place halfway between God and the world in a horrible place called religion. And it's miserable there. And it's work there and it's toil and it's struggle and there's burdens there. But listen friends, there's more to the Christian life than that. Amen. It's not just the outer court and an inner court of of of churchianity. Amen. But there's a holy of holies. There's a there's a place. Amen. Where God can take the Christian life. Amen. Amen. Where there's mana that's not fresh today and stale tomorrow, but it'll be fresh tomorrow. It'll be fresh the day after that. Amen. There's a light in there that never gets smoked up. Amen. But it's but it it's shining on the most cloudy day, on your worst day. You There's a light. Amen. There is a Christian life which is beautiful. Amen. So, so if your life with Christ is not beautiful, if his yoke isn't light, his burden isn't easy. Amen, friends. He promised you more than that. Amen. So, listen to that law of life within you that's saying, "No, come up higher. Come up into my presence. I don't want you to just I don't want to just be the God they talk about at your church. I don't want to just be the God of how you were raised. I want to be the God of your heart. I want you to know my voice. I want you to see my face. I want you to receive my life. I want to bring a seed to life within you and bring your life into blossom and bring you into the image of the potential that's in me cuz you're my son. You're my daughter. And I want you to know me like that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh friends, it's a beautiful life. Amen. When you push up out through all through all the worldliness and through all the religiousness and get into the presence of the one that's been drawing you the whole time. &gt;&gt; Amen. Some of you think sometimes people think, "Well, I'm so glad I found the Lord." You never found the Lord. Amen. The Bible says no man ever sought God. It wasn't even in us to look for him. But it was him. Amen. It was the good father that came after his prodical sons. Amen. And gathered us in his arms and said, "Come back to a beautiful life." &gt;&gt; Amen. You don't have to You don't have to eat on these husks of this world. There's more in my house in my presence. Oh friends, I I'm in a growing process. I I got mistakes. I got weaknesses and failures. Amen. But look, I can't stay where I'm at. That's what it is. I I'm going pushing through things, but I can't stay where I'm at. Cuz there's something up higher drawing me, pulling me, and I feel a pull on the inside of me says, "No, you can't stay down there. Come up here, little eagle, and fly in the heavenlies. Amen. Rise up above the storm clouds." And amen, just rise above it all and come up into my presence. Amen. and be be shut in with me and know me as a personal God &gt;&gt; and receive my power to become what I wanted you to be. I'm pushing up into his presence, friends. I'm reaching for that beautiful life. &gt;&gt; That's all God asks you is to be the kind of seed you are. &gt;&gt; You know what what happens is we try to impress God. We try to do we're trying to really earn something. We spend our whole lives just trying to earn something from the Lord when he already gave us eternal life freely. You know, and so and so we just we just trying to we're in a competition with everybody in the church. See how many liies we can stack up on the altar. Brother Bam says God doesn't want liies on the altar. He wants you on the altar. &gt;&gt; You're the lily. Amen. You're the You're the sacrifice. He just wants you to be what you are, but lay what you are down on his altar and say, "God, let that consuming fire Amen. and burn up this chaff, Lord, and bring a new life out of me, Lord, and let me grow up into your presence. &gt;&gt; Let my life have fragrance. Let my life have beauty. Let give me that beautiful Christianity that could affect the person next to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Give me a prayer life, God. Give me a Give me Give Let me know your mysteries. Let me know you. &gt;&gt; Let me have a relationship with you, friends. &gt;&gt; See, you're the guy, Brother Bram says, on the altar. We try to live a a comfortable life of religious service. We do our duty. We go to church and pay our tithes and send emissions and sing songs and we do all those kind of things. And we do it in a comfortable way, a traditional way. A and we make a convenient sacrifice sometimes. But you see, the seed won't settle for that. The seed doesn't want comfortable Christianity. Seed doesn't want to be a church member. The seed knows that it's a son or a daughter. And it's trying, amen, to come into the image of the life that it came from. Because every seed brings forth of its own kind. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. And every seed serves a purpose. &gt;&gt; Now, now everybody that's a Christian here this morning, everybody under the sound of my voice that's a that's a child of God. Amen. You have purpose. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You have a purpose. Now, it's very easy to recognize purpose when it comes with a position. And we say, "Well, of course, the pastor has a purpose. The deacon has a purpose. The song leader, they serve a purpose. And I and everybody can see that. Everybody can see how they're serving their purpose, you know. Amen. Of course, you know, we know those of us with positions, we know that sometimes you can fill a position and not serve your purpose. Amen. But so purpose is different from position. You said you might be a what do you what whatever you know, a rank and file church member, whatever that means. You know, just a a regular, a normal, no such a thing, but just you're just a normal Christian. You don't preach, you don't sing, you don't you don't hold an office in the church. Just a a normal Christian. Let me tell you, you have a purpose. Amen. You and your purpose is just as eternal, just as significant, and just as indispensable as the minister, as the prophet, as the pastor, as whoever it is. Amen. You have your life has purpose cuz there's no such thing as a seed without a purpose. &gt;&gt; And there's no such thing as a child of God without a destiny. Amen. Listen, the house that you live in, the neighbors that you have, the neighborhood that you're in, the job that you got, the talents that you have, the church that you go to is all for a purpose. There's nothing on accident for a Christian, but your life serves a purpose. And the purpose of a seed is to reflect the life that it came from. And so God has given you the purpose. It's greater than position. It's greater than a ministry. It's greater than a gift or a talent. It is the purpose, amen, of manifesting the life of Christ. &gt;&gt; And shining your light to the world, the real light, &gt;&gt; the life of Christ. &gt;&gt; You serve a purpose. Oh, friends, there's no such thing as a child of God without a destiny. Now, we look at our life. Amen. A and uh and what we would call the flower of life as we're preaching on the lily. And the Bible calls the the human life. It refers to it as a flower. How many know that? Amen. Job said, "Man that is born a woman is a few days and full of trouble." Ain't that right? He's full of trouble and he comes forth like a flower and he's cut down just like the dandelions in my yard. You know, they did they're there one day just pop up almost overnight, you know, for a short time and then and then the next day they're gone because either I mowed them down or my wife went out with the weed and feed and exterminated them. But that the point is they don't last. That's what the That's what the Bible wants you to recognize about your life. I want each of us to think about our own life today. It's not, you know, you know, uh, 60, 70, 80 years of life is not a long time. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I got three kids now. I understand that more than I ever did. It's not a long time to live. It's not a long time, you know, for uh to to to have a life. Now, now, what are we living it for? Amen. What are we This is just a this is a a burden of my heart is, you know, what? Because cuz uh I don't I just can't accept I don't believe Amen. that I was put here on this world and given a body and a mind and a soul. Amen. Just to live 60 70 years and work a job, make some money, have a house and a wife and kids and everything and then and then after all that just die and fade away and maybe in a thousand years there won't even be any more Ericson and nothing I did will ever last and just fade into the abyss and dissolve into the void. I there's something in me and there's something in you that cannot accept that. But there's something every that a child of God has. They've got a sense of purpose. They've got a law of life on the inside that says, "Hey, listen buddy. I'm not here very long, but while I'm here, I'm going to do something in time which is going to ripple through eternity. I'm going to do something for the Lord. I'm going to do I'm going to live for others. Amen. And I I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to do something which will make a difference in eternity." Amen. I'm not here just to live a little while and enjoy myself and fade away. I believe in purpose and I feel a I feel a calling, a pulling. I feel something. What is it? It's the eternity that I came from. It's calling me back. But it says on your way back now. Do something in the world. Amen. Shine forth the light of Christ. Put out a fragrance. Oh. Amen. I want that beauty of the Christian life. Amen. Where somebody can say, "Hey, I knew Brother Nathan. Yeah, sure." You know, sure. He he he he made a living and fed his family and kept him in a house and all those kind of things. But listen, he did something more than that. He did he preached something. He said something. Amen. He he gave something. Amen. That affected me. And now I know and now my eternal destination has changed. And amen. I got a revelation of who I am because of something that son of God God did. Amen. That's what we're all here for, friends. From the preacher to the pew, we're here to serve God's purpose. We're not here very long. Amen. And that's that flower. Peter said, "All flesh is grass and the glory of man is the flower of grass." Amen. And the grass witherth and the flower falls away, but the word of the Lord endures forever. Amen. That's why God put that seed within you. Amen. It's that word seed. Amen. That when listen, this body will fade. Amen. That the things that these hands do may fade. Amen. But there's something resonating in this soul. Amen. That the fires of hell can never put out. Amen. in the eons of time can never dissolve it. Amen. It's eternity. Amen. And that's what that's what the Holy Ghost in a Christian is. It's eternity speaking. Eternity. Amen. Working. Eternity expressing itself in time in the flower of a human life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It don't last very long. But listen, that flower has a sermon that it's preaching. Amen. When that flower comes for a few days and then it falls down, but it's preaching a sermon cuz a lily is a perennial. Amen. And so that lily, you might only see it for a week and then it fades away, but next spring, next spring, it's coming back just as perfect and beautiful as it ever was. And that's what that's what's testifying out of the Christian life. Amen. It's the voice of the resurrection. It's saying, "Look, I'm here." And yeah, the flower of this body and the flower of this life may wilt away, but there's something in me that's testifying. Amen. this. Put my body in the grave, but on resurrection morning, I'll rise up out of the earth. Amen. You could take every molecule of this body and put it in a different county, put it in a different country. Amen. But listen. Amen. When the when the life that I came from returns, it'll gather it back up and it'll restore it to perfection and the flower will live again for a millennium and for eternity. Amen. Cuz I'm not here to serve the things of time. I'm here to testify that I came from eternity and I'm going back to eternity and eternal things are being accomplished here in the middle. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. I want my life to serve a purpose. Brother Bram said, "Anything that serves God's purpose has got a resurrection." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But it can only rise if it serves God's purpose. He said, "But you can't keep anything in the ground that serves God's purpose." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my. Yeah. The flower is fragile. But one day, Job was looking down at a flower. And all of a sudden, a revelation struck his heart. And it's been the one of the greatest revelations that the church has had. The elect of God, Amen, have held tight to that revelation ever since it struck that prophet Job. When he said the flower of faith, but in the spring, it comes back. He said, "And I know my redeemer lives. And let the skin worms eat this body." Amen. But but I in my flesh I shall see God. Amen. See, see a flower, it looks very insignificant. But under the visage of a prophet, it takes on purpose. And brother, you say, "Well, what's this all about? This prophet you're talking about and this message and and everything." Look, friends, it's purpose. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. When you begin to listen to to what Brother Brandon preached, when you begin to acquaint yourself with the message that he brought to the church, it'll not just give you a new church to go to. It'll not just give you a deeper understanding. It will give you purpose. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Purpose. It'll give you what your heart's really craving, it'll give life meaning, friends. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I want my life to serve a purpose today. I want my life to serve a purpose today. Brother Brand said, no matter, you know, how beautiful the structure is, you know, talking about because because Jesus said, consider the lily. He said, you know, uh, not even Solomon all his glory was as beautiful as this lily. Brother Bram said, "That's because Solomon, as rich as he was, and he had those kingly robes and he the augustness of his person, but it was all artificial. &gt;&gt; It was all stuff that was tacked on the outside. And at the end of the day, he was just a man. But a lily has a natural beauty. &gt;&gt; A natural beauty. That's what we're after, friends. Not to get just enough religion to try to impress the person next to us. &gt;&gt; I want that beautiful life. I I want to be I want to just be who I am. Be honest. I'm not trying to put on a front. Just impress somebody. I I I'm a real human being, but I believe I my life has purpose. See? Amen. And so so so not just trying to dress up the outside. He said, "No matter how beautiful the structure is," talking about. This is when brother Brand was dedicating his church, his new church building. We're working on a new construction ourselves. He said, "And no matter how beautiful the structure is," that we do certainly appreciate. Amen. He said, "But the beauty of the church is the character of the people." And and he said, "And I trust it'll always be a house of God of beauty." And I say, "Lord, let my life be dedicated to that. Let it not be about dressing up the outside to look like a good Christian, but let there be a natural, beautiful Christianity &gt;&gt; coming out of me." &gt;&gt; Friends, God has a flower garden. And just closing in a moment here. And everyone serves a purpose. Everyone serves a purpose in God's bouquet. You say, "Oh, Brother Nathan, you know, I'm just I'm just young in the Lord. I'm just a fresh convert, you know, and I I'm not really in full blossom like you're talking about. I'm just a bud, you know." Well, Brother Bram says God sometimes needs a bud in his bouquet. He actually preached that at a funeral one time. He he was preaching uh it was either a funeral or talking about a young man that had passed, a young man passed passed away very young in a tragedy, just a terrible thing. But brother Brandham pointed to the purpose in it. He said, "See what God needed a bud in his bouquet." And that's why he plucked up that young brother's life. There was purpose in it. &gt;&gt; There's purpose in everything God does. &gt;&gt; Everything serves its purpose. And the important thing is that everything that serves God's purpose, when resurrection morning comes, you can't keep it in the ground. &gt;&gt; It's coming up, friends. &gt;&gt; There is something I don't believe in churches without purpose. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't believe in families without pray. I don't I believe there's a reason God gathered a send the light outreach together. I believe there's a reason God put you in this church. I believe there's a reason we're here this morning. You believe that? There was a reason God brought you here. Something he wanted you to receive purpose. And there's something being expressed. That's what this message is all about, friends. It's the bouquet of God's expression. Amen. &gt;&gt; He He's He's got flowers of all different kinds. He brought people out of all kinds of different backgrounds to bring them under this light so that so that that quickening power could bring something out of you and you and you. Amen. Which would serve God's purpose and put forth a beauty. Now your the flower of your life may look different than the flower of mine, but look the friend. The point is God gathered it all together for the purpose. That's what it's all about. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That's what it's all about. &gt;&gt; Amen. When I give my wife a bouquet of flowers, you know, I and I I gather a bouquet and I give it to her, she doesn't say, 'Oh, where'd you buy that? What store did that come from? She doesn't ask what field they grew in. She doesn't ask who who was working the checkout counter. She wasn't asking which credit card I used. You know, she's not in that's not what she's interested in. But what she's interested in is the expression of my heart that's being revealed in that bouquet. &gt;&gt; Friends, that's what I'm interested in with this message. I'm not interested about, you know, who's who who who goes to what church and who's got the, you know, who's got the biggest and the best and who's the most talent and who's the most anointed and what this one's saying and that one and, you know, and and this church and that church and I'm not interested in any of that. That's not what it's about. It's not the purpose of it. The purpose is for the gathering of God's bride together. Amen. So that when you bring that bride together, Amen. out of that bouquet, Amen. that we we see an expression of the love of God. &gt;&gt; God has God, that's God's purpose for you is to show prove to this world how much he loves you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And how much he loved the world. Let's all stand today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You walk into a house, you see a bouquet of flowers. The very presence of that bouquet testifies that amen that there's a bridegroom somewhere. Now maybe maybe he's not home. Maybe he's away. Maybe he's maybe he's preparing a better place for his little bride to live. But when you see the bouquet, Amen. You know there's a love affair going on. Friends, you know, people people uh people might come into this church. People might pass cross paths with you in this life. They might never see Jesus face to face. You might be the only Jesus they ever see, but when they see the bouquet, that's right. &gt;&gt; When they see the flower of your life giving out its fragrance, it's testifying, amen, that the bride and the bridegroom are becoming one. I want to be a part of that. How many say, I want my life to serve a purpose. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram speaking about the resurrection, he said, he said that nothing can destroy it. It's been planted. It is the seed of God. He said it's the purpose of God to give us the blessed Holy Spirit. It's the purpose of God to show us signs and wonders and miracles. It's the purpose of God and nothing can destroy it. All powers of hell might wager against it, but it will prevail. He said, "We have God's eternal pro promise. There may be teachers. There may be isms rise. There may be great programs rise. Haven't we seen it over the years? There may be things that look like it would be destroyed, but it can never be destroyed. It's the purpose of God to see that it will prevail." Now, listen to these words as we bow our heads. Brother Ram said, ' Then it's not up to me and it's not up to you whether it will be destroyed or not. It's up to God. It's up to God. And we can rest assured on it that God will never let our heritage be destroyed for it's his purpose to give it to us. Maybe you just like to got something in your heart to respond to the word of God today. Say, "Lord, I hear that little voice on the inside calling me higher today. Lord, I want to live a life of purpose. Lord, I I want my life to come into blossom. Lord, I want to follow the leadership of your Holy Spirit and reach the fullness of my potential. Lord, I don't want to settle for something halfway." That'd be my that'd be my desire I would like to express to him today. Lord Jesus, here we are, your children, Lord. gathered here together. Lord, we thank you for a word that encourages us so much, Lord. &gt;&gt; As we, Lord, look at the things that we're struggling through. Lord, it discourages us and we get worried. Lord, we we so often, Lord, we lose our peace, Lord, that we were promised because we're so focused on the circumstances, Lord. Lord, you're not worried today. You're not worried for any of your children, Lord, because you trust the law of life, Lord. You trust the law of life that's in the seed that you planted in each one of these children, Lord. I just pray, Lord, that the Holy Spirit would come into the room now. Lord, as you've been as you've been dealing with our hearts the whole time, Lord, but let that let that let that presence Lord just bask over us, Lord. Let us lay in the light of the sun today. And I pray, Father, you'd bring out of each life here, Lord, a greater fullness of potential. Lord, I pray that you'd there'd be a growth, Lord. And I pray, Lord, that Lord, we would just trust that seed, Lord, that's within us, Father. Not worry and struggle and strive so much, Lord, but rest in who we are. Lord, we know the Christian life has pressures, Lord. But I pray, Lord, somebody, Lord, would get such a revelation today of your grace and your keeping power, Lord. Lord, that they would be able to let off the pressure now in your presence, Lord. those that are under stress, Lord. Those that are under worry, Lord. Those that are, Lord, just in the agony, Lord, over lost loved ones and Lord, and and uh and prodigals, Lord, I pray, Father, you would just touch hearts today, Lord. Come and come and be our comforter, Lord. And I pray, Lord, you just come and gather us up in your arms, Lord. That we could be your bouquet. I pray our worship, Lord, would be a sweet fragrance to you, Lord. That you would just enjoy us, Lord, and and we could enjoy you, Father. Lord, we want to worship you today, Lord. You're our redeemer, Lord. We know that you live. And Lord, we know this life is short, Father, but it's so full of meaning, Lord. And it's such a beautiful life when it's spent in your presence, Lord. We just thank you, Father, that for finding us where we were, Lord, and quickening us to life. We thank you for a testimony, Lord, that it's reflected in these lives, Lord. It came out of many of them dark places, Lord, but you brought them out into your light. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, you brought us this far, Lord. You're not going to leave us now. You said you'd never leave us or forsake us, Lord. And we trust in your abiding presence. We love you, Lord. Bless this church. I pray, Lord, you bless bless brother John and his family so good. I pray you'd bless send the light, Father, and all those, Lord, that work together, Lord, to minister to the people of this world. Father, what a lighthouse they've been. I pray, Lord, you'd reward, Lord, and multiply what has been poured out back to them. Father, I just pray, Lord, that that we'd be able to encourage them today, Father. And I pray, Lord, you would meet everything that's needed, Father, and continue to minister and unfold yourself, Lord, in this place to this congregation. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I love you all in the Lord. I'll just turn it right over to Brother John. [Applause] We appreciate &gt;&gt; that, brother. God bless you. How many appreciate that message? &gt;&gt; Oh my. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. Cannot say enough about that message. &gt;&gt; We could hear that a few more times, couldn't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I like one word, one of the things that he said. I wish you would elaborated just a little bit about on it about it and that is you have to stay in line with the word to grow. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Just as a seed comes from the acorn tree lays there in its in its season before it starts coming forth. That can happen anywhere in our walk. We can backslide for a while even though we are a seed of God. Even though we are a Christian, we got to get back into the light, get back into the word in order to keep the growing going. &gt;&gt; So there is that part that we play in talking about purpose. Brother Brandon said, "Some will make it because they were good to the bride." Now think about that statement. There was a purpose in them being good to the bride that put them in &gt;&gt; purpose. I never heard that before. where when you said everything that has that purpose is eternal as is it it will come forth and I want us to think about in the days to come what your purpose is what God's calling you to do &gt;&gt; I mean if you're thinking this message has provoked us to grow and to to become and we need that vision without a vision the people perish so think about your purpose purpose in God's kingdom and I love how our brother just shared that we we should be bringing forth life. We should be in winning souls for the Lord and in in bringing others to the truth. We have a a place a part to play. And may this word become so settled. Amen. We really appreciated this message. Amen. Let's just sing when I look into his holiness. Amen. Amen. Let's just try to worship the Lord just for a few minutes. just let go and let that you know bring water to the sea that we receive today. When I look into your holiness when I gaze into your loveliness. Let all things that surround me become shadowed in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart. When my will becomes enthroned in your love. Let all things that surround me become shadowed in the light of you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] The reason I live is to worship you. When I look into your holiness. When I gaze into your loveliness. Let all things that surround me come shadowed in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart and my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things that surround me become shadowed in the light of you, I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. [Music] I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you, oh Lord. You're beautiful. Your face is all I see. of this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I see. When your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh Lord, please light the fire at once burned bright and clear. Place the lamp of my first love that burns with holy peace. Oh Lord, your beautiful face is all I see. When your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh Lord, please light the fire. [Music] burn bright and clean. [Music]
