################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - 5.7.25 - The Deception Of Manipulation - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   5.7.25 - The Deception Of Manipulation - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjxxP1hlDbA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] abounds to me, oh Lord. You're beautiful. Your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh, just think of it. Oh Lord, your bleed the fire that once burn bright and clear. Replace the lamp of my first love that burns with holy fear. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I seek. For when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. Oh Lord, please light the fire at once from bright and clear. Replace the lamp of my first love that burned with holy fear. Hallelujah. Amen. Excuse me. I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. How many enjoyed Sunday service? Amen. Amen. You know, when God will always meet you. That's what I like about God. You know, if if you just praise him higher, he'll go up higher. If you just praise him higher than that, he'll go up higher than that. You know, if you just pray all the time, he'll he'll meet you there. You know, so it's it's really what we put into it. You know, God's God's the one that opens the door. But when we we open our hearts, I truly believe he comes in. Amen. Uh, Brother Ben, can you open us with a word of prayer? Yes. Yes, great. You are God. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Well, I'm ready to enter his gates. Amen. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Hallelujah. I will say this is the day that the Lord hath made. Oh, I rejoice and he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I want to uh greet our precious brother Marty and the grace that God found him and dragged him back here. Hallelujah. Good to have you back, brother. Amen. There is a fountain. Amen. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel's veins. and sinners sponge beneath that flood. Lose all their guilty stains. Lose all their guilty stains. Lose all their guilty stains. As sinners plunge beneath that flood, lose all their guilty stains. The dying thief rejoice the sea that fountain in his day. And there may I, though he wash all my sins away. Wash all my sins away. Wash all my sins away. Thank you, Lord. And there may I go visously wash all my sins away. The dying lamb, thy preious blood shall never lose its power. Amen. Till all the ransom church of God are saved to sin no more. Are saved to sin no more. are saved to sin no more. Till all the ransom church of God are saved to sin no more. For since my faith thy saw the stream, thy flow wing wound supply. [Music] Redeeming love has been my theme. And shall be till I die. And shall be till I die. And shall be till I die. Redeeming love has been my theme. And shall be till I die. Then in a noer sweeter song I'll sing the power to say when this spring slammering tongue lies silent in the grave. Lie silent in the grave. lies silent in the grave. When this poor spring slammering tongue lies silent in the grave. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know when I just was read just singing that silent in the grave. We're going to have problems until the very end and you know, but then one day it'll be all over. Amen. Or just beginning actually to be honest with you. Amen. Well, just like to take up a few prayer requests here. Amen. Our brother uh Mike has requests. Please pray for my daughter. Amen. The Lord would know the need. Amen. Uh let's just remember all those that are afflicted um in some sort of way, pain, whatever it would be, spiritual. Amen. Let's whatever the Lord would put upon your heart. I believe he put it there for a reason. So just lift them up in prayer. Once again, it's good to see uh God gave uh Marty strength to come back and join us. Um this is the fountain. you know, you can you can live stream, but I don't think it's, uh, the same. So, uh, that's because we're all here and we, you know, create an atmosphere that's pleasing to the Lord. Amen. It's harder at home when you're by yourself. Not to say you can't, but it's just more encouraging when you you you come. Amen. So, let's always be think Let's just remember our brother John in prayer. Amen. as he brings forth the word and that we just received in their hearts. Amen. Also for the uh young men. Amen. There was uh last week I believe or maybe it was two weeks ago. There was uh one of the young men that his grandparents wouldn't weren't going to let him come no more and they actually refused him to work with brother Dennis and all kinds of things like that. But uh he was here today. So his desire for God made a way and in your prayers also. So we're we're thankful for that that he's uh back on track with God. Amen. So just keep lift lifting him up. His name is Josh. So just keep lifting a prayer. Amen. Also, uh if you could just pray for my grandson, uh Evan with the seizures. Uh he was supposed to be starting some medicine today. So, we just pray that uh that would just help him along his uh trial that he's having here. So, that you just don't start, but you got to keep doing it, you know. So, Amen. So, let's just uh go on one accord today. Amen. If there be something on upon your heart, just lift it up to the Lord. Um, let's just stand. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, we come before you, Lord, because Lord, you've called us out of the darkness and the light, Lord. You're the one Lord, that turned our lives around, Lord. You're the one that makes a way, Lord. And we know, Lord God, that as you called us, Lord, into this glorious light of the gospel, Lord, as we accepted it, Lord, we're baptized, Lord, and as we're walking, Lord, daily with you, Lord, as encourage us, Lord, tonight, Lord, with your word, Lord, to be there's something in it, Lord God, that touches each heart here, Lord God. May we just create an atmosphere, Lord, that's just so desiring of you, Lord God, that it just draws the Holy Spirit, Lord. Oh Lord, we just love you tonight, Lord. Everyone that would be afflicted, Lord, I pray that you just reach out in the name of Jesus and just make well what's hurting or whatever the situation would be. Lord, if anybody's struggling spiritually, Lord, we just pray that you just touch their heart tonight, Lord God, for you are the God that health all. We love you Lord and we so much look forward to be becoming more like you in your image in Jesus name. Amen. May be seated. Amen. Amen. The windows of heaven are open. Amen. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart, for Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my old tethered garment. He gave me a robe of your wine, and now I am feasting a mana. And that's why I'm happy tonight. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my old tethered garment. He gave me a robe of your wine. I'm feasting today on the mana and that's why I'm happy tonight. Amen. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my old tethered garment. He gave me a robe of pure wine. I'm feasting today on the mana and that's why I'm happy tonight. Hallelujah. Are you happy tonight? Amen. White as snow. Just think how Christ looks at you. White as snow. White as snow. Though my sins were a scarlet, Lord, I know. Lord, I know that I'm clean and forgiven through the power of your blood. Through the wonder of your love, through faith in you, I know that I can [Music] be. What as snow? What as snow? What as snow? Oh, my sins were a scarlet. Lord, I know. Lord, I know that I'm clean and forgiven. Through the power of your blood, through the wonder of your love, through faith in you, I know that I can be white as snow. Sing that once more. White as snow. White as snow. Though my sins were a scarlet, Lord, I know. Lord, I know that I'm clean and forgiven. Through the power of your blood, through the wonder of your love, through faith in you, I know that I can be, white as snow. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father. Amen. Let's just thank him tonight. Amen. Heavenly Father, I appreciate [Music] you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Amen. Just bow your heart tonight. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Hallelujah. God is so good. Amen. Amen. God is so good. [Music] God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. Oh, God answers prayer. Amen. God answers prayer. You believe that God answers prayer. He's so good to me. Oh, I love him so. I love him so. I love him so. He's so good to me. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Fill my cup, Lord. Amen. How many's got room in their cup? Amen. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love a full cup. Amen. Let's just stand. Brother Marty, could you just uh uh lead us in the uh offerings? Amen. [Music] bless. You may be seated. Amen. I'm so needy, Lord. Amen. I'm so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord, to be more like you. Fear all my rights away in this world of [Music] sin. I am so needy, Lord, to be pure within. Amen. That's it. I am so needy, Lord. So needy of you. I am so needy, Lord. To be more like you. [Music] all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needy, Lord, to be pure within. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just sing uh only believe. Amen. and uh what was put in your heart. Amen. By the Holy Ghost, just believe it tonight. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible cuz Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here and all things are possible cuz Jesus is here. Amen. Let's just standing stand tonight as our brother comes and gives us the words of life and just sing only believe. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. Amen. He's put it in our reach of whatever we would desire. The Bible says whatever you desire when you pray, believe and it shall be yours. Amen. So God has put it in our our reach that we can have whatever we ask for if we just only believe. And it's good that God we serve a good God. He's saying God is good. We serve a God that wants us to give us all the good things in this life. Amen. He wants to bless us not only in the life to come but in this life. Amen. God bless you this evening. So, so good to see every one of you. Especially good to see brother Marty make it. And we need to continue praying for him that God would restore his use of his his body that he may be normal and well. Amen. I know he has things planned this year and uh want to be able to fulfill those. Amen. How many is happy to be a Christian today? Amen. Amen. Let's just look to the Lord and in a word of prayer before we begin reading. Father, we count it a privilege to be your children today and to know that no matter what happens to us around us, that we have an anchor within the veil. that our soul is eternally attached to you and nothing can separate us from you. God, we thank you that we could come to your house today and feed upon the word of God that would help us to become more like you, that we might be in the place that you would have us to be. You we know that you're calling us, Lord. You're calling us and we remember the day that you called us unto salvation. And God, we're thankful for that day that we heard your voice. And we're thankful today that you're still calling. You're still calling us higher and closer. You're giving us a greater understanding of what it means to be in your image and your likeness. And one day, Lord, we'll be leaving in a rapture. And Father, we just want to thank you with all of our hearts today for you in our lives. We invite your presence in the remainder of this service. We thank you that we could worship you today and give our heart and this song. And Lord, I just pray that if there's any that just feel that something's hanging over them, I just pray that the blood of Jesus Christ would cover every one of us today, Lord. that we could be set free by your blood, Lord, that we could enter into your word at this time and and receive from you the things that we have need of. God, thou knows what we have need of. And though, Lord, the subject, Lord, that you would be given today, Lord, may not be perhaps what would be upon your people's heart, but there may be other needs. I pray not a need that there would be here today would not be met somehow spoken. Faith would be given through the word that would be ministered today that would go forth to anchor in the heart of your people that they could have confidence that Lord you will meet that need. Father we thank you for these things. Thank you for our brother Marty that he could be with us Lord. Now Lord, we just commit the furtherance of this service into your hands and ask your blessings now on the reading of the word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Turn with me if you would in the Bible to the book of Ephesians chapter 1. Ephesians chapter 1. We're going to read three verses there. Starting with verse number nine. Ephesians chapter 1 verse number nine. having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, which are on earth, even in him. In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated today. We want to be focusing on here just a little bit. God who works all things after the counsel of his own will. With a showing of hands today, I would like to ask this question. Has any has anyone ever been manipulated before? It might be a common thing. It's a subject I never spoke on before, but we'd like to today. How many has ever manipulated someone before? Amen. So, we know that this is a a real situation. Manipulation is a real thing. And we like to entitle this the deception of man manipulation. And we want our subject to be on battling the spirit of manipulation. But as we before we get into that, I kind of want to lay a foundation. And I wanted to take both sides. And here in verse 11, the Bible says that God workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. He works everything after the council of his will. He gets in there and he works everything for his own will. Right? So when I look at this, I say, is this manipulation? Because he's actually getting there kind of controlling. That's right. Amen. Let's turn to Genesis chapter 27. Genesis chapter 27. And everybody knows the story. Most of us know the story about Jacob and and Esau. Um, and we know that um that Jacob stole the blessing from Esau and he was uh considered to be a suppler. Uhhuh. And and and I just I want to get into this because I want us to see what the real spirit of manipulation is. And I want to start with verse one. We're going to do a lot of reading here. And it came to pass when Isaac was old and his eyes were dimmed. So they could not see. He called Esau his eldest son, and said unto him, "My son." And he said unto him, "Behold, I am here." And he said, "Behold, now I am old. I'm not uh but the day of my death. And now therefore, take, I pray, thee, thy weapons, and quiver, and thy bow, and go out to the field, and take some of venison, and make me savor a meat such as I love, and bring it to me, and I pray, eat uh that I that my soul may bless thee before I die." And Rebecca heard when Isaac spake to Esau, his son, and and Esau went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it. And Rebecca spake unto Jacob her son, saying, Behold, I have heard thy father speak unto Esau, thy brother, saying, Bring me venison, and make me a savoring meat, that I may eat and bless thee before the Lord uh uh before the Lord before my death. Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee. Go now to the flock, and fetch me from then two goat kids. uh two I'm sorry two good two two good kids of gold and I will make them savoring meat for thy father such as he loveth and thou shalt bring it to thy father that he may eat and that they may that he may bless thee before his death and Jacob said to his mother behold Esau my brother is a hairy man and I'm a smooth man and my father pre-venture will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver, and I shall bring a curse upon me, and not a blessing." And his mother said unto him, "Upon me be thy curse, my son. Only obey my voice, and go fetch me them." And he went, and he fetched, and brought them to his mother. And his mother made savory meat such as his father loved. And Rebecca took the goodly rayman of the eldest son, Esau, which was with her in the house, and uh put it on them, uh her on Jacob, her younger son. And she put uh the skins of the kids, goats, upon the hands, oh my. And upon the smooth of his neck. And she gave the savoring meat and the bread which he which she had prepared unto the hand of her son Jacob. And he came unto his father and said, "My father." And he said, "Here am I. Who art thou my son?" And Jacob said unto this father, "I am Esau, my f thy firstborn, and I have done according as thou as had bed uh baddest me arise, I pray thee, and sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me." And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, "Because the Lord thy God brought it to me." And Isaac said unto Jacob, "Come near, I pray thee, and I may feel thee, and my son, whether thou be my very son, Esau, or not." And Jacob went in and uh near unto his father, Isaac his father. And he felt him, and said, "The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau." And he discerned him not because his hands were hairy. This his brother Esau's hands. So he blessed him and he said, "Art thou my very son Esau?" And he said, "I am." And he said, "Bring it near me that I may eat of the son venison of my son's venison, and my soul may bless thee." And it brought it to him near. And he did eat, and he brought him wine and drank. And his father Isaac said, "Come near." And kissed me, my son. And he came near and kissed him and smelt the remnant and blessed him and said, uh, the smell of my son is the smell of the field which the Lord have blessed. Therefore God give of the dew of heaven and the fatness of the earth and plenty of corn and wine. Let not uh let people serve thee, nations bow down to thee. Be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's son bow down to thee. Cursed be everyone that cursseeth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee. And it came to pass, we we know the story here that um Jacob came or Esau came in later and and and realized that the blessing um was really taken away from Esau. And he said to uh his father Isaac, um is it is it possible that there's one more blessing left for me? Just just bless me. And he said, I I cannot because the blessing already went to Esau. Now, when I look at this situation, was God manipulating the situation? Was um Jacob manipulating the situation? Was Rebecca manipulating the situation? We can look at this situation and say they really manipulated the situation. But I want to make it real clear. They were not manipulators. And we're going to find out why they this is not called manipulation. Romans chapter 9 verse 10 tells us and not only this but when Rebecca also conceived by one even by her father Isaac for the children being not yet born neither having done good or evil that the purpose of God according to election might stand out of works but of him that calleth. It was said unto her, "The elder shall serve the younger, and as it is written, Jacob have I loved, and Esau have I hated." What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid. God did not manipulate the situation. And Jacob did not steal the birthight. That is right. Genesis chapter 25 28 Genesis chapter 25 28 And Isaac loved Esau because he did eat of his venison, but Rebecca loved Jacob. And Jacob saw pottage and Esau came from the field and was faint. And Esau said to Jacob, "Feed me, I pray thee, with the same red pottage, for I faint." Therefore his name call his name called Edom. And Jacob said, "Sell me this day thy birthright." Sell me this day thy birthright. So this really happened quite a bit before the blessing that was given. Amen. And Esau said, "Behold, I'm at the point of to die, and what shall it profit me to have this birthright do to me?" And Jacob said, "Swear to me this day." And he swore unto him, and he sold his birthight unto Jacob. So, did Jacob steal it? No. No. He Esau freely gave him the birthright. Amen. And Jacob gave Esau bread and potted lentils. And he did eat and drink and rose up and went his way. And Esau despised his birthright. Esau despised the opportunity to be born right with a correct nature. Yes. He had the opportunity to come to church and get a new nature change and take advantage of of of of being like Christ, but he despised it. It didn't mean anything to him. And so it is with so many Christians today. They don't mind going to church. They don't mind being called a Christian. But they despise a nature change. Because they got to give up their life, their heart for it. Amen. Esau despised God's purpose for his life. And God hated him for that. But God loved Jacob because he would do whatever he had to do to get born again, to get that birthright. So I say to you, is God a manipulator? No, God did not manipulate. Neither did Rebecca. She heard from God. And it was God's will for Jacob to receive the birthright. Amen. You cannot manipulate God's will. Right? God is not a manipulator. Just because God works out all things after the council of his will, it doesn't mean he's a manipulator. God's own will ultimately will be done. Amen. God is the only one that's allowed to rearrange anything he wants to rearrange to accomplish what he wants because he's God and he's above everything. Amen. Colossians 1:15 says, "Who is in the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature? For by him were all things created that are in heaven, that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, dominions, principalities, powers, all things were created by him." And what? For him. Amen. He created everything for himself. He is the only one that's allowed to rearrange everything to make it come out the way he wants it to come and not be a manipulator. Right. That is right. And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. Amen. God is allowed to be God. He's allowed to do whatever he wants, and it's perfect when he does it. He's allow He's allowed to rearrange things. He's allowed to speak his word. He's allowed to work all things up to the council of his own will. For he is God. He is the Lord of lords. He's the King of Kings. His will will be done. When everything is done, the word of God will be standing and his will will be done. He works out everything after the council of his own will. It is not manipulation to do the will of God. That's right. God is not a manipulator. He does not abuse people. God respects free moral, free will, free moral agency. He respects it. God allows people to live in the world if that's where they want to live. If people want to be lukewarm, yes, he would rather have them cold or hot, but if they want to be lukewarm, he lets them be lukewarm. He doesn't manipulate them. He doesn't try to uh get them uh to control their lives. That is right. He's a gentleman. He doesn't try to control them against their will for God's personal gain. That's right. Look at the rich young ruler. Lived what what we say almost a perfect life. Kept the commandments for his his youth up. and he even come running uh what what what must I do to be saved to have eternal life and and and expressing all these great things that he did says look just one thing you got to do just get rid of this put your heart into serving me and that price was too great a price to pay right amen but God didn't manipulate him he let him go because God respects free more agency. God is not a manipulator. God doesn't try to control people's will against their free will. He just doesn't. So when God tells us to go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, it's not manipulation. It's the will of God. God has given us talents. And he says, "When I come back, I want to see something that's going to profit my kingdom." He wants to see souls. say that when souls is wise then the reward comes for them that does the will of God. God is not a manipulator. Second Corinthians 5:9 says, "Wherefore we labor that whether we be present or absent, we may be accepted of him." Amen. For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ, that everyone may receive of the things which he has done in his body, whether it be whe uh according to what they have done, whether it be good or bad. So there's always a reward coming, right? Amen. Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men. We are made manifest unto God. And I trust also manifest in your conscience. So when we persuade somebody, when we work and say, "Look, God is the only way. If you don't give your heart to Jesus Christ, he is the only way, the only truth, the only life. You got to give your heart before you die. You're not going to make it. When we do that, we're persuading men. We are not manipulating them. The truth. Why? Because that's the will of God. Because that's the will of God. I would that all men would be saved. And he gives a chance to call and and and and give every man a chance. He doesn't force them, but he deals with them. So when we're doing the will of God, it's never manipulation. Amen. God's spirit is not a manipulative spirit. Satan is a manipulator. Satan isn't God. The devil didn't create anything, nor can he create anything for his pleasure. That's right. Yet he still wants to have preeminence and he wants to have control over heaven and earth. So he'll manipulate every situation to get control for what? His personal gain. Amen. Isaiah 14:13, Lucifer said in his heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the th stars of God. I will sit upon the mountain of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. I I I I For what reason? Personal gain. I can't create any angels. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to go try to deceive a third of them. Personal gain. Can you imagine Satan alone with no angels? He can't be in all the places at one time. What a better world this we'd be in, right? Yeah. But he manipulated them. Said, "You know what? You can just have your own way. You don't have to listen to him. You can do what you want to do. I'm telling you, you're going to be so much happier with me." He manipulated him. Came down the most subto beast, manipulated that most subtile beast to do his will to get personal gain. Amen. Which in return received the same spirit, manipulated Eve. Amen. Satan is a manipulator. And in order to achieve his personal gain, he manipulates situations. All situations. And the only thing that can set a man free from manipulation is the word of God. That's right. Amen. The only thing that can set a man free from a spirit of manipulation is the word of God. Amen. You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. See, because here's the thing about manipulation. It's deceptive. It's deceptive. The devil does not want you to know what he's doing. Satan is always to try to keep the word of God from people because that's what sets him free. I read a couple decrees of the council of tool l in 1229 AD. This is when they were trying to keep the word from the people. He says we prohibit also that the leoty should be permitted to have the books of the old testament or the new testament but we strictly forbid their having any translation of these books. In 1234 AD, another council, a ruling said, "No man may possess the books of the Old Testament or the New Testament in the Romans language. And if anyone possesses them, he must turn them over to the local bishop within eight days for progation of this decree so that they may be burned." God does not want the word in our heart because this word is what unveils what Satan's trying to do to us. And today people would rather go to church and have dogmas in the word. Amen. They'd rather have opinions, ideas, entertainment, enjoyment in church rather than just preach the truth. Amen. And it's a sad situation, but you know, to be honest with you, most people are uncomfortable with the truth. They they'd rather they'd rather sit without an uncomfortableness and never never grow with Christ and be okay with that. Satan set out to conquer the leoty. Y Jesus speaking in the first church age at Ephesus, Revelations 2:3, it says, "And has born and has patience and for my name's sake has labored and has not fainted." Speaking of the church, it's the first church age. Nevertheless, I have so much to say against thee, because thou has left thy first love. So here, the very first church age, they begin to leave their first love. Amen. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, repent and do thy first works, or else I come quickly. I come unto thee quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of this place, except thou repent. But this thou has that thou hatest the deeds of the nickelans, which also I hate, which means to conquer the people, to conquer the leoty, to take control of the church. God does not, Satan does not want the Holy Spirit in control of the church. That's right. He just assumed everybody be suppressed. That's right. Well, you know, you go to some churches and you feel so good, but you're not set free. Hey, I can go to a concert. I can go to any worldly event and feel good and not be set free. It's not about feeling good. It's about the word delivering you from what Satan has put on your life. Amen. Now, Satan wanted to put the men in control of the church. Why? To manipulate people. We've heard of politics in the church before, have we not? What does it do? It manipulates things. We've heard of abusing the pulpit to manipulate for personal gain. We've heard of isms in the church, schisms in the church that can manipulate things. We've heard of gossip and backbiting in the church can manipulate things. The spirit of iniquity was already working in the first church age. Amen. The devil is getting the getting the people to fall out of love with Jesus. Just come to church. Just do these works. Same old, same old, but don't have your heart into it. Just come, but don't have your heart into it. and they began to fall out of love with Jesus. And by the time that the last church age was done, the people had literally completely fallen in love with themselves. That's right. Lovers of themselves more than lovers of God. And that's exactly what Satan wanted. Manipulating the church. The devil's number one job is to manipulate you. Amen. To control you. To get you to alter your decisions away from the truth. He's okay with our flesh controlling our lives. Just going to do what we want to do. He's okay with our flesh trying to control the church because he knows God can't be pleased with them that are in the flesh. The flesh is emnity with God. God can't even control the flesh. Do you know that? If you do not willingly die out to your will. Yeah. You're a target for the devil to use. Amen. True. God is not God's job to crucify your flesh. Amen. It is our personal job to let God use our lives. And if we don't, Satan will use us. Satan is a manipulator. Now, this is what it says about a manipulative behavior. So, we're speaking with Jesus now. We're speaking of the we're speaking of of what the truth is about a manipulative behavior. And we can go back to our our opening our opening with this, but we're going to try to enter in now to what how the enemy can use us and use other people against us. to manipulate us. So what is a manipulative behavior? You Google it. Manipulative behavior involves using deceptive or unethical tactics to control or influence others thoughts, feelings, and actions for personal gain. So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to do some little things. Not for the word of God, not for the kingdom, not to help somebody to Christ, but so I can get some favor with you to get personal control, a personal game. That's manipulation. It often includes tactics like gaslightening, gaslighting, guilt tripping, blaming, and pretending to be innocent. Manipulators might use these techniques to avoid responsibility or to conceal their true intentions or cause doubt or confusion in their victims. So, we just want to talk about a few of these things. Is that okay as I go through these? Gas lightning. Gas light. Gaslighting is a form of psychological manipulation where someone tries to make another person doubt their own sanity, their own memory or their own reality. This is done by repeatedly denying, distorting or misrepresenting facts to create confusion and a sense of dependency on the manipulator. The manipulator is the one that wants you to depend on them so he can gain control. And so the way to do this is to make you feel bad, guilty, wrong, confused. So they don't know what to do. Oh, I'm looking to you. The goal is often to gain power and control over the victim. Undermining reality, gaslighters might deny the events that actually happen. Claim that the victim is imagining all these things and twist their words to make them seem like they're all the problem. Shift blaming. Gasers may blame the victim for their own actions or feelings. Well, the ways that you're feeling this way is you're the fault. And try to make them feel responsible for this treatment that the the manipulator is actually doing to them. Do you ever have like feelings and all of a sudden you can't have feelings with someone? Gasers might dismay the victim's emotions as unimportant, irrational, making them feel invalidated. It doesn't matter what you feel. Creating confusion by constantly questioning their perceptions of reality. The victim becomes confused, uncertain, and weakens their confidence and their judgment. What is the devil trying to do? He's trying to conquer us from being victorious in Christ. Now, what happens is when Satan's that same spirit gets on us, we can start to manipulate other people. Why? For personal gain. For personal gain. Amen. Not for God's will, but to gain something from that person. Yeah. Isolation. Gaslighters may isolate the victim from their support network, making them more reliant on the manipulator again for validation and a sense of reality. Right? Amen. Some examples they give is like this. Oh, you're just being oversensitive. or I never said that or you're imagining things. You're being dramatic. You're being crazy. Yes, these are just statements that happen to manipulate someone or some situation. Manipulation is a form of abuse. It's an abuse of power. Amen. Brother Brandon said, "Power without character is satanic." Right. Amen. Someone who's have been constantly manipulated can suffer with low self-esteem, selfworth, anxiety, depression, difficulty trusting others, emotional and psychological trauma, and a feeling of helplessness, and what a greater dependency on the manipulator. We've all heard of of violent abusers. We've we've we've heard we've seen where peop uh women who've been violent uh violently u abused. They try to get away and all of a sudden they feel this. Oh, I got to get back. He won't do it again. I forgive him. I know he's going to change and they gets she gets beat up over and over and over and over becoming a dependency on the a manipulator and the abuser. It's no different with verbal abuse. It's the same. It's no different with emotional abuse. It's no different with psychological abuse. And it's a real thing. We all raised our hands. We either know, we either going through it, we know somebody's going through it, we know the reality of it. And it's not but Satan trying to use somebody to get their personal gain. Yes. And we got to call it out. Nothing but the devil. This is not God trying to get his will done in our home. That's right. This is just the devil planting his seed in here of discord. Yeah, that is amen. If you're going to fight, fight for the will of God. Fight for the word of God. Fight for peace. Fight for love. Fight for unity. Don't be fighting to manipulate somebody to make them feel bad so you can get what you want to get on them. That is nothing but the devil. Balam was so spiritually bind that he couldn't discern the will of God. Think about it. He was a prophet. He was so anointed with this. I got to have what I want to have. He wanted money. But you don't have to have money. You can want anything. That's true. Balam was selfish and he was motivated by greed. Amen. And he was anointed with a manipulative spirit for a personal gain. And he used manipulation against God's people. How many times have we heard about churches robbing the people of their money? Yeah. Not caring about the kingdom, not caring about the flock, but just caring about getting their money. Yeah. Instead of what? Trusting God. Amen. Bam could have trusted God, but he didn't trust God. He wanted what he wanted. Cain was so spiritually blind that even after God talked to him, he walked away sad. Cain was selfish, motivated by a jealousy and resentment towards his brother, he was anointed with a manipulative spirit to get personal gain. And he manipulated the situation to get what he wanted when he could have just simply trusted the word of God when it was spoken to him. We can see how the spirit of manipulation can get on a believer and actually manipulate others. We're not allowed to manipulate people for personal gain. Amen. And I'm going to tell you, you might be in a situation you might be the only person that can stand up for yourself. Amen. We're not allowed to manipulate our spouses, our family for personal gain. We're not allowed to manipulate our brothers and sisters in the church for own personal interest. We're not allowed to go speaking bad things about people just so you can look better. That is not the will of God. That is nothing but pure manipulation of the devil hidden behind some religious person. Manipulation is nothing more than satanic. Amen. Manipulation is the power without character. In other words, I'm going to use what I have to get personal. Nothing different than what Lucifer did. True character of Christ doesn't manipulate others for personal gain. I'm gonna say it again because I didn't hear enough amen. The true character of Christ does not manipulate others for personal gain. It just doesn't. Amen. They don't persecute and downgrade others. They're not attention grabbers or self-reputation builders. Christ made himself of no reputation. I don't think his children do. No. Christ didn't need to sell himself. He was authentic. He was real. He was genuine. Amen. We need to stop using fear against others. That's right. Parents need to stop using fear against their children. Spouses need to stop using fear against one another. I am telling you, you'll never find God where you find fear. That is the truth. And here's the thing. You You want to You want to put some fear of God into your children or to someone? Make sure it's the fear of God, not the fear of the devil, not the fear of the world. How can you how can you how can you teach children to to uh the fear to to to to to fear? How can you teach them fear or how should I say this? How can you teach how can you bring them up in the in the way they should go when you're constantly putting fear upon them? The fear is the respect. How to respect God's word. How to handle situations. how to do things the right way, not manipulate them. Have enough love for them. That's what the deal is. Have enough love for them. We need to stop trying to influence others thoughts, feelings, and emotions and actions. For what reason? For personal gain. If you don't shut up, I'm going to send you through that wall. You don't stop doing what you're going to do. You know, my dad used to say to me, "Hey, you want something to cry about? But I'll give you something to cry about. You know what? I think I'll stop crying right now. One major reason people live manipulative lives, everything they got to manipulate situations is because they have so much fear abiding inside their own vessel. It's true. They're scared. They get scared. They get frightened that they won't have control. So, they have to actually use some sort of manipulation to control somebody. They'll use any means that they can to control a situation. They will try to manipulate other people's feelings. They'll perhaps uh use progressive I'm sorry, passive or aggressive behaviors, right? I like you. I don't like you. Using your emotions to gain control over you. pulling you from here to there, getting you so confused. Just be who you are. Just be who you are. I tell you, if you're going to be both sides, you're nothing but a hypocrite. I'd rather have you all one way and hate me. Yes. At least we know where you're standing. They'll try and make you feel bad. guilty, wrong, weak, unworthy, inferior. For what reason? So they can have control over you. Amen. Now you do what I want you to do. In other words, God is such a gentleman that he's not going to cross somebody's free will. But we are taking on this mindset of, you know, if I can't get you to do what I want you to do by asking, you know what? I'm going to put you through a lot of abuse. And this abuse is going to get what I really want out of you. It shows we need a good dose of the Holy Ghost. Amen. just in order to accomplish own personal gain. See, God, he's working out all things the counsel of his will. That's always the right thing. But trying to control things so we can get what we want through manipulation is nothing but the devil using us to get what we want. Yeah. It is not the Holy Ghost. It's not right. It's not God. It's not spiritual. Hey, the most worst spirit is a is a religious spirit. They'll use the word. They'll use the word to get personal gain. I mean, didn't didn't not Satan bring that to Jesus. Bring the word. They just jump off there. You know what the the angels are going to come and get you? Yeah. Right. Quoting the word for what? Personal gain. So that Jesus would bow before him. All about personal gain. Anyone that tries to manipulate you or the church truly doesn't care about you, no matter what they say. I don't care how much they say they care. If they try to manipulate you, they truly don't care. The Bible tells us that grievous wolf shall come in not sparing the flock, manipulating. So we know that this is a real spirit. Amen. They care about themselves. Manipulation is it reveals complete selfishness. That's what it does. Manipulation reveals complete selfishness. It's not eternal life. It's not living for others. It's all self-centered. It's natural. It's carnal. It's a get gain for now. and people who manipulate are lacking love to trust God in their situations. So, we want to just kind of turn this around a little bit right now. I know it's been a little bit strong. First time I've ever ministered on manipulation that I can recall. People who manipulate are lacking love to trust God in their situations. First John 4:18 says, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love cast out fear because fear of torment, and he that fearth is not made perfect in love." Love is what people need, not fear. You're if you love somebody, you'll never manipulate them. True. Never ever ever manipulate. If you love, I am sorry. It don't exist. Don't you tell me you love me and manip try to manipulate me. I'll call that out as the devil. Because if you love me, you'll do it the way God does it. We all go through various sufferings. We all get in situations. Well, I don't I I don't know how to do this. I don't know how to control this. What am I going to do? We all suffer. We all have to get to a place where we're going to either trust God or we don't. Either manipulate the situation or we don't. Look at with me to 1 Peter chapter 2 21. 1 Peter chapter 2 21-23. For even here too were you called. So Christ left us example because Christ also suffered for us. He left us an example of what to do when we're suffering and that we should follow his steps. How many's ever suffered before? John, brother John, you know that is a ridiculous question, right? We've all suffered. Here's what we do when we're suffering. Jesus who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth. Who when he was reviled, he reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not. What did he do? What did he do? He committed himself to him that judges righteously. Amen. He trusted in a God that could take care of the situation. Lord, so when we're being abused and criticized, disrespected, insulted, angrily treated, simply revile that back. When we're suffering because someone's abusive behavior towards us, don't engage or threaten them. We know a soft answer turns away a wrath. Well, brother John, what will I do with this person who's doing this thing to me? Commit yourself to him. Right. That's right. That judgeth righteously. He's a righteous judge. He'll take care of it. Amen. But as soon as you start taking control Amen, without the word of God, I mean, you might have to stand out and say, "You're wrong. you're abusing me. I'm not going to accept it. You might have to do that, but don't engage. Don't fight. Don't argue. Just call it out. Be done with it. We have to learn to start committing our life to the word of God. Amen. Don't wait for your children, your parents, your spouses, your brothers and sisters to all of a sudden be doing the right thing before you're going to start. That's right. You may be the only one that's standing for the word of God in this church. Stand. Stand. Stand for the word. Everybody else might only halfway be standing. You make sure you're the one that's going to stand. And then you stand for the word. God will stand for you. Amen. That's right. Psalms 37:1. Fret not. Fret not. Don't get upset. Don't get bothered. Don't burn. Don't get zeal against somebody. Fret not against uh fret thyself because of evildoers, neither be thou envious against the workers of iniquity, for they shall soon be cut off like the grass, whether uh and wither as a green herb. Trust in the Lord, and do good. So thou shalt uh so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed. Delight thyself also in the Lord, and he shall give you the desire of your heart. commit thy way to the Lord. Trust also in him and he shall bring it to pass. Jesus committed himself to the father. Peter's telling us to do the same thing. He left us that example to commit oursel to him that judgeth righteously. And and and Psalms 37, commit thy way unto the Lord. So just spell it out. I'm being abused. This is what's happening to me. I'm I'm I'm my there there's not caring about anything I'm saying. Commit thy ways unto the Lord. Don't try to do it all yourself. The truth is what sets you free, friends. The truth is what sets you free. If you go and you engage, that's exactly what the devil wants you to do. That's right. Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight. Where does that get? Psalms 31 verse1. In thee, oh Lord, do I put my trust. Right. Amen. Let me be ne Let me never be ashamed. Deliver me in thy righteousness. Amen. Bow down thine ear to me. Deliver me speedily. Be thou my strong rock for a house of defense to save me. For thou art my rock and my fortress. Therefore, thy name's sake. Lead me and guide me in this situation. Lord, pull me out of the net that they have laid privately for me. For thou art my strength. Into thy hand I commit my spirit. Thou has redeemed me, oh Lord, God of truth. You know, see the thing is in the world, you know, we live in just such a confusing world. It is. I mean everything is confusing. Genders are confusing. Everything is is so confusing. Homes are confusing. Relationships are confusing. Marriages are confusing. I don't know what to do. The word of God is a light for us to walk in. It gets us out of darkness. It gets things straightened up. Yes, it does. Do it the word way. Amen. The word way. Not the John way. Not the Martin way. That's right. Do it the word way. The word is the way. The only way. Proverbs 16:2, "All the ways of a man are clean in his own eyes." How how many times have we felt self-righteous there? Amen. But the Lord weigh the spirits. So commit thy works unto the Lord. Amen. What happens? Our thoughts shall be established. That's right. The Lord hath made all things for himself. Yay, even the wicked for the day of evil. All right. 1 Peter chapter 4:1 16. We're doing really good. I don't see us going an extra 25 minutes today. So, we need to learn to trust the Lord more. Right. Yes. So we we don't get caught up in the feeling that we need to manipulate other people. You ever been in a situation you wish it was different? When a person actually exercises a trust in the Holy Spirit, that shows character. But you got to do it from the heart. You can't be, you know, out here It's got to be, it's got to be genuine, a genuine trust. 1 Peter chapter 4:16. Yet if a man suffer as a Christian, 1 Peter chapter 4:16, if a if a man suffer as a Christian, how many's ever suffered as a Christian? And we all should have said amen that. Amen. Amen. I'll make you stay later today if you don't get involved. Yet if any man suffers a Christian, let him not be ashamed. But let him glorify God on this behalf. For the time has come that judgment must begin at the house of God. And if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? Right? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Amen. Wherefore let him that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in welloing as unto a faithful creator. Amen. Every day I believe we need to commit amen ourselves to God, our homes to God, our marriages to God, our kids to God, our life to God, our thoughts to God. commit to God because if you don't learn to start get reliant on Holy Ghost, what you're going to end up doing is starting to take control yourself. As soon as you start taking control of the situation yourself, you're going to leave out God and you're going to say, "This is what I want. This is how it's going to be done. And if this don't happen, I'm going to really give it to you." Yeah. And all of a sudden, there's a fear of manipulation. Like, I'm scared to talk. I'm scared to discuss. I'm scared. You know, I've actually had people try to manipulate me. You know, Brother Brandham said it like this. I'd rather preach to empty pews, eat soda cracker, and blanch water than to compromise for anybody. Look, compromising ain't going to get anybody saved. It can give them a false hope, a false sense of security. What we need to do is we need to be real with God. We need to be real people, not manipulators. Real, genuine. Proverbs 3:4. I believe this is maybe sister Kathleen's or brother Marty's one of their favorite scriptures here. is for many of us. So shalt thou find favor and good understanding the sight of men and God. Trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not to thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy paths. Be not wise in thine own eyes, but fear the Lord and depart from evil. God is not a manipulator. His will is all that matters. And he works out everything after the council of his will. But as soon as we start doing our will, we're manipulating. I've seen this. I've seen this in ministers and there's just trying to conquer trying to control something in the church. Yeah. It's wrong. God's interest is get his whole family together. Yes. That's his purpose. I got to get all my all that that are in heaven that are under the earth and on earth. I got to get them all together. Everything that's in Christ, we got to be a family. That is what I'm working everything. That's my main purpose. Yes. But you know, people that don't have that their main purpose still want to work out everything for their own purpose. That's true. and they have to manipulate to get what they want. Now, the devil's trying to destroy God's family. He's working his deceptive or unethical tactics to control or influence the thoughts and feelings and actions for his own personal gain. Satan is a master manipulator. He is the author of confusion. And everyone who gets sucked into his fears will end up using the same tactics on others. See, you know, Satan is scared. He is scared. He's scared. You know, I think it was Brother Brandon who said, "Satan trembles when the weakest Christian is on his knees." Amen. He trembles. The devil believes and he trembles. And so what he tries to do, he he he tries to keep us away from the truth, the word. The only thing that can help save us. That's right. And if there's anything that we need to be promoting in our homes is the word of God. Amen. We need to be lifting that standard up. This is what's important. This is what this is what is needed. Amen. Not trying, well, I don't need the word. I'm just going to control. I'm going to do what I want. I'm going to control. I'm going to make things happen. You're going to make things happen without the word of God is nothing but Satan. That's not very popular. And I may not get any, you know, thumbs up on that one. Amen. But look, we we're we're God's creatures. We should be operating by the love of God. Yes. by a trust that if I commit my ways, I commit my home, I commit my marriage, I commit my children, I commit unto the Lord, God is going to take care of everything. There's going to be times that the person that you're dealing with is not reacting the way you want them to about something that needs to be done. Like, we need to pray. They don't want to pray. That's okay. Don't manipulate. Just go pray. I'll tell you today. Did not God answer prayer today? Yes. I'll tell you another brother came in and we heard uh we had another brother. Brother Ron was telling us about another brother who came to church. He didn't think we'd ever see him again. God answered prayer. He does. He does. I mean, God is real, but he doesn't need us to control. He just needs us to look to him. Amen. There's a big difference. God is in control. All right. 1 Peter chapter 5. We're going to end with this. 1 Peter chapter 5:8. I know I didn't have this on your your thing, but if you want to read it, put it up there. Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, he walketh about seeking whom he may devour. whom resist steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflections are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. Amen. What we need is simply to learn to trust God for our lives. Follow follow the blueprint. Don't force, don't push others. Don't try to put fear upon them to do something. If you're trying to put fear upon somebody, just realize that you're anointed by the devil. Just call it out. Let's stand together. God bless you. Speak the truth in love. Walk away committing things into God's hands. These same things are happening all over the world. And when we learn to to be victorious over this spirit, you'll be able to keep your house clean, keep your family clean, keep the church clean because Satan has no place in our lives. Manipulation has no place in our lives. God has called us unto peace. Amen. God has called us onto peace. Amen. How many How many want to step away from any kind of manipulation? Amen. How many How many don't want to manipulate anymore? We We never want to be manipulated. But but if we can just take a stand, then I'm going to just trust God a little bit more. I believe that God can lift us up above the powers of Satan. And that he that the son is set free can truly be free indeed. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heart in a word of prayer. our heavenly father. Lord, this is a very strong uh subject, one that we perhaps are acquainted with on a daily basis, hearing about things, knowing things, seeing things, experiencing things. God, I thank you that you've provided for us your word tonight. Not only to expose the devil, but to expose the devil in our own lives. Lord, you see our hearts, hearts behind our hands, Lord, that we we don't ever want to be used by the enemy to try to control a situation outside of your will. And I pray that you would fill us so full of a desire for more of your love and more of your Holy Spirit that we could literally trust you in front of others that they could see that we're trusting you above the fear that they're facing. No matter what we suffer as as a as your children, Lord, we know the end result is that we're going to be with you on the other side. That you have an expected end for us. And though we may not see why we're going through what we're going through or why things are happening or why people are acting the way they're acting, help us to trust you in those situations, Lord. I know as your prophet said, it's not the action, but it's the reaction. And just because someone else isn't trusting you, that doesn't mean we can't trust you, Lord. Bless your people. Strengthen them, fortify them. Amen. May they be ever sober, vigilant, and press the battle, knowing, Lord, that you're going to be there when they commit themselves unto you that judgeth all things righteously. We thank you now for these things, and we give you all the praise and honor. For we pray in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen.
