################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 5.18.25 - Eternal Purpose - Darrell Ward - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   5.18.25 - Eternal Purpose - Darrell Ward
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ladknQPC-8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Future and life is Just because he lives, because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because all fear is gone because I know my future and my living Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, all fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know. He holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, we're grateful to have all our all of our visitors and I'm thankful to see my friends from far away, the Philippines. But yeah, old friends. Old friends. Wow, it's making me want to cry. And then I have new friends. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, we're grateful, Lord, that you're alive and a while. Lord, you can still keep your word. Heavenly Father, you still can change hearts. You can still feed us. You can still heal us. You can still provide for us. And we just pray that you'll bless each and every visitor, Lord, that's come this morning. I pray that you'll bless them. I pray, Father, that you would just receive our worship, our praise, and heavenly father, may you just be our guest, Lord. May you bless the speaker this morning. We love you and thank you for all these things. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. So, we're supposed to be singing, not crying. The windows of heaven are open. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my old tattered garment. He gave me a robe of pure white. I'm feisting today on the mana and that's why I'm happy tonight. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus makes everything right. He gave me his older garment. He gave me a robe of pure wine. I'm feisting today on the mana. And that's why I'm happy tonight. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Everybody ought to know. Amen. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. He the lily of the [Music] valley. He's the bright and morning star. [Music] He the fairest of [Music] 10,000. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to [Laughter] tell. Everybody ought to tell. Tell everybody ought to tell who Jesus is. Everybody ought to [Music] tell. Everybody ought to tell. Everybody ought to tell who Jesus is. is the healer of my body. He's the savior of my soul. Amen. Amen. Here the Holy Ghost baptizer. Everybody ought to tell. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know who Jesus is. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know. All the children ought to know what Jesus did. [Music] Jesus gave his life on Calary. Suffered, bled, and died for all. Died that we might live forever. [Music] All the children ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. is everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. [Music] is the lily of the valley. He's the bright and morning star. He is the fairest of 10,000. Everybody [Music] ought to know. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Glory. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. So, Brother Gordon, we just giving you a warning. So, you have to look in your back pocket, find a special, but we'll give you a couple of songs. When the redeemed. Amen. I am thinking of the rapture when our blessed home on high. When the redeemed When the redeemed are gathering in, how we'll raise that heavenly anthem in that city in the sky. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout, how we will shout, how we will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, there will be a great possession over on that streets of gold. When the redeemed, when the redeemed are gathering in, oh what music. Oh, what singing Lord that city will be rolled. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in. Washed like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout, how we will shout, how we will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, saints will sing redemption story with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed when the redeemed are gathering in, then the angels all will listen. For they cannot join that song. When the redeemed When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout and how we will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet for when the redeemed when the redeemed are gathering in. And we'll hear this invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout and how we will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed When the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. How we will shout and how we will sing when the redeemed are gathering. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Blessed be the Lord. Amen. So, we take up our um prayer requests this morning. We want to continue to pray for Sister Beckman's son and grandson. They're flying today and Monday that the Lord will watch over them. Also for the critters, they're invading her yard. Amen. Um also remember brother Ron's sister Sheila. she's going to be staying with him for two weeks while she recovers from surgery. That the Lord will just bless her. Um, also remember Sister Linda Helms. Um, that God will just touch her heart, her lungs, that she can breathe. Something we kind of take for granted. Do you have heart problems? Amen. Also pray for Ben John. Uh Jamian's ankle. He's having a new bone trying to grow and it's causing him a lot of pain. Also pray for him on his birthday today so that he can enjoy it without pain. That's also from sister Linda. Let's all remember unspoken requests this morning. Things you know the Bible says that the secret things will be shouted from the housetops. Lord, we just pray this morning that he'll speak to every secret thing. Amen. Praise God. That God will just answer every need that you have. Just place them before him. Let's all stand together as we take these prayer requests. Let's just join our voices together. Amen. Dear Lord, heavenly father touch your body. Heavenless Lord Jesus, may you meet everyone. Lord, may you just bless the missionaries. Thank you for Thank you for all. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I was sinking deep in sin. Amen. Yes, I was. I was sinking deep in sin. Far from the peaceful shore, very deeply stained within, sinking to rise no more. But the master of the sea heard my despairing cry from the water lifted me now safe am I. Love lifted me. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. And nothing else could have loved lifted me. All my heart to him I give. Ever to him I'll cling. In his blessed presence live. Ever his praises [Applause] sing. Love so mighty and so true merits my soul's best song. Faithful loving service to to him [Applause] belong. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could have love lifted me. Souls in danger look above. Jesus completely saves. He will lift you by his love out of the angry waves. He's the master of the sea. Billows his will. Obey. He your savior wants to be be saved today. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When nothing else could help, love lifted me. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, we're going to stand together this morning. Maybe seem odd to the visitors, but this is all for the visitors. Um, we have a box in the back where we uh place our offerings. So, we'd well it's up to you if you want to give to the speaker or to the needs in the church. Just want to let you know. But we also want to pray for it. We want to pray that God blesses what little you give or even if you give in abundance that God will bless you forgiving. Amen. Amen. I think I'll just ask brother Jonathan if he'll just pray over the offering. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So, we have Brother Gordon, who's a great singer. I knew he'd come up. He sings better than me. [Applause] Well, sure good to be with you all today. and you treat us all so well every time we come. Brother Martin uh invited us to come today. I thought, well, we better bring other people with us so they can enjoy your fellowship as well. So, if you like, I'm going to introduce visitors that came with us and the brother introduced these as Filipinos, but they're not really, they're Canadians. They just look Filipino. Amen. So the the sister on my left is sister Serena. Stand up, sister. There you go. Next is sister Amy. And these two are actually sisters in the flesh. And then we have sister Fa. God bless you, sister. She's maybe a cousin or long lost cousin. Of course, you know my wife Dorothy. She comes with me again today. Amen. This is my brother, Martin. Amen. And Marty's also my brother. Amen. And then in the back, always in the back ready to get out, brother Murray and Sister Elaine Molton. Amen. God bless you. So from Sarnia, from Exit, from London, and from Lenam. Amen. God bless. [Applause] I don't want to sing. We just love his coming. Could be today. Could be before we get out of here. Signs are all here. Prophecies being fulfilled. Just watching and waiting. It's my desire to live for Jesus. It's my desire to be like him. though of I have failed and brought him much shame. It's my desire to live for him. And if you could see where Jesus brought me from, and where I am today. Then you would know the reason why I love him so if you could take this world its wealth and riches. I don't need a thing. It's my desire. to live for him. Amen. And you can sing this chorus with me if you know it. This is your house, Father. Come and dwell. This is your house, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your [Music] house. This is your house. Come and dwell. Yes, this is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house, a holy house of prayer, where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Amen. Yes. This is your Thank you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. I am determined and I've made up my mind. Amen. I am determined. I've made up my mind. Tonight I'll serve the Lord. I've left this world and its pleasures behind. I'll serve the Lord. I'll follow wherever he leads me. I'll pastor wherever he leads me. I am determined. I made up my mind. I'll serve the Lord. I am determined. I might serve the Lord. I've left this world and its pleasures behind. I'll serve the Lord. I'll follow wherever he leads me. I'll pasture wherever he feeds me. I am determined. I've made up my mind. I'll serve the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, I want to welcome all the Canadians here. And this is where the Americans and the Canadians come together. And we express our our worship. I am determined. I've made up my mind. Amen. It's good to be part of the overcomer. Amen. Yeah. If you don't give up, you're going to overcome. True. We don't always feel like overcomers. As long as you don't give up, you're going to overcome. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Did anybody else have a special? I asked two people. You do. Huh? Is it I asked two two people. Does any either of the two people have a special? That's okay if you don't. You You may be seated though. We Okay, brother Ray, you said you had a quick special, right? Well, they they're they're passing. They're passing. You do you come on if you got a quick special, my brother. Praise the Lord. So good to have brother Ray with us. He really adds uh to the worship. Amen. He really does. We and we appreciate him taking his liberty. Amen. God bless you all. Uh this song I'm going to sing, the first time I ever heard it was from Canadians. Brother uh Hild Debrandt's daughter sang this song uh back in a camp meeting if you remember years ago and it was called Time After Time, Time After Time. I hear people say to me, "Why don't we see miracles like they used to be?" I still believe in miracles. God hears us when we pray. For God was God back yesterday and God is God today. God can do it again and again and again. He's the same God today that he's always has been yesterday and forever. He's always the same. And there's no reason to doubt. My God can do it again. You ask God to meet your needs, so why not trust in him? God has done it all before. He said he'll do it all again. Amen. He's willing, much more willing than I could ever say to perform a mighty miracle within your life today. God can do it again and again and again. He's the same God today that he's always has been yesterday and forever. He's always the same. So God bless you. I just God can do it again. Thank you, brother Ray. Praise the Lord. That was perfect. Amen. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if we just we always remember that through the course of the day. Every time the enemy comes and tries to say no, say yes, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, he can do it again. Amen. Yeah. I think we trust in the blood of Jesus Christ. Every day we ask God to forgive us of our sins and to cleanse us. Every single day. And we do not doubt that. We have to believe him for the rest of the word, right? Not just to forgive us, but that he can help us. He can deliver us. He can meet every single need. Amen. Well, we're we're going to stand together and uh invite Brother Daryl to come and give us the bread of life to us today. Um I want to welcome each of you. I should have said this before. This is our 24th anniversary. 24 years. and some who's uh who's been here from since the beginning. One, brother Ron, sister Lori, God bless this Lord. She's feeling better. God bless you. So, praise the Lord. They that endure to the end. And I I I'll say it like this. There's many that have come and gone. And they've seen them. Some have stayed a while and left. But praise God for the predestinated seed. Amen. And we just appreciate each and every one of you that has made this your home church. And my prayer is that God would give you rapturing faith to get out of here. Amen. And give you the revelation that is needed. Amen. Amen. Let's sing Only Believe as our brother comes to give us the words of life. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are [Music] possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. Believe all things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. Praise the Lord. Isn't he good? Amen. Just such a warm, sweet spirit in here this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. And you know, we're living in such a troublesome time. Wars and rumors of wars and pestilence and famines and violence in the land and all these things that he said would be here are here. Amen. Amen. Yeah. But the most wonderful thing about that is that the one who told us those things would be here also said in the evening time there shall be light. And I'm so grateful that we're not part of the darkness. But we have been called out of the darkness into his marvelous light by the grace of almighty God. Amen. Is that not true? There's nothing that we ever done but only by his grace. Amen. And so we stand here this morning by his grace. Amen. Knowing that he'll keep every word. Thank you, Jesus. Every word he'll keep. Is that not true? Nations will lie to us. Governments lie to us. Politicians. Oh, God. Even sometimes people closest to us will lie to us. True. But the word of God will never lie to us. And that's where I anchor today. Not not on an organization, not on a denomination, but I anchor my soul on the word of God. Amen. For heavens and earth will pass away, yet the word of God shall never fail. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Certainly good to be here today. If you have your Bibles, turn with the book of Ephesians. We want to read from one verse there. Ephesians chapter 3 11. Greeting the name of the Lord Jesus. We count it an honor that brother John allowed us to come and be a part of the anniversary meetings here this weekend. And so we want to kind of take a thought along those lines and we trust it'll be a blessing to you. Appreciate each one coming out and the folks from Canada. My my brings back some good memories of being up there ministering with you in Canada. We always enjoy those times and certainly good to see everyone today. Amen. I want to read now from Ephesians chapter 3 verse 11. Do you love him? Amen. The Bible says this. according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord. Now that word eternal means without beginning and end which always has been and always will be. Without beginning, without end, never to cease, everlasting. Amen. You say, "Brother Daryl, that's not much scripture." It's enough. Let us bow our heads. I want to speak to you for a few minutes this morning on God's undefeable eternal purpose. Amen. Heavenly Father, thy word is true. We commit this congregation and oursel into your hands for your glory in Jesus name. God bless you saints. You may be seated this morning. Now, if you don't mind me reading from the prophet of God, he says, "Now, I want to draw this first into your mind. That there's not one thing that can destroy us until the purpose of he who created us has been fulfilled. There could be nothing that will destroy us until his purpose for us, amen, has been fulfilled." So then we find out this morning, we are made for a purpose. This church was built here for a purpose. The foundation was not dug. The building, the roof, and the interior was not put here just to see if it could be done, but it was put here for a purpose. Your home that you live in was not just accidentally put there by somebody just wasting their time, but your home was made for a purpose. And I don't know about you, but I'm glad I've got one this morning. Amen. Your home was made for a purpose. It was made to serve a purpose. The automobile that you drove here in this morning was not made just to see if it could be made. But the material was not wasted by man. It was made for a purpose and to serve a purpose. And I'm glad it was. It was a lot better than walking. Amen. The clothes that you wear was not just put on or not just fashioned to see if somebody could fashion something, but it was put there for a purpose. And we're certainly glad of that this morning. The food that you eat was not grown on the earth just to see if it could be grown. But it was grown for a purpose. Amen. And God does not make a tree just to make a tree just to see if he can make a tree. But he made a tree for a purpose. And so if we see that with the house and the car and the automobile and the fashions in the trees and we know that God, oh my. And God did not make you just to see if he could make you. But he made us for a purpose. Therefore, there's a purpose for all of us being here this morning. You're not here just to be another human being. You are here because God made you for some purpose. Amen. You're not here just to eat the food that God grow. You're not here just to live in the house that man made or to wear the clothes that someone fashioned. But you are here for a specific purpose. The trees, God did not make trees like that. He made them that way because that's the way he wanted them. He could have made a tree out of anything he wanted to make it out of. But he made it for a purpose. Amen. He could have made the flowers any way he wanted to make flowers, but he made them for a purpose to give witness. To give a testimony. Amen. You see, the nature was put here as a witness. as a testimony that we serve the true and living God. Amen. The prophet said he made them to bear witness for they are God's witnesses. They are a true witness that all other religions is false. Amen. Let me say that again. All other religions is false and Jesus Christ is right. Why? Because nature itself teaches of a death, a burial, and a resurrection. Amen. It gives witness that we are not dead eternally but we live again. Amen. Amen. It shows us supreme intelligence. Look at the sun. You watch the sun when it comes up in the morning. What happens to the sun? It's a little baby born in the morning. Amen. Rising up in the east. About 10:00 it's a teenager. About noon it's in its strength. In the afternoon it's middle age. In the evening time it's gone. It sets. Is that's the finish? Is that all there is of the sun? No. God's got a purpose for the sun. So what does the sun do? It comes back again. It rises again. And the next morning it comes back up again. What does it speak of? Birth, life, death, resurrection. And it goes to show it was made by a great supreme intelligence to serve a purpose. It's here for a purpose. And I say this morning, if that's true for the trees, if that's true for the flowers, if that's true for the sun, then what about you? No matter how little you are, how big you are, how important you are, how unimportant you are, you are here to serve a purpose. Just as my finger is here for a purpose, the nail on my finger is for a purpose. my eye, every part of our bodies is to serve a purpose. It was not just put here to see if it could be put here just to see what it would look like. But it was put here to serve a purpose. It was God's divine plan to do so. And if we're put here for a purpose, then there is nothing that can destroy us until God's purpose is fulfilled. Nothing can harm us until the purpose that God has put us here for has been made manifest. No matter how much trouble we have, he never said we wouldn't have trouble. He never said we wouldn't have problem. He never said we wouldn't have sickness. He never said we wouldn't cry. Is that true? He never said that. He never promised smooth sailing. But he did say, "I'll be with you even in you." Hallelujah. Amen. No matter how much sorrow we have or trouble we have or what we go through, all these are reasons. There's a reason for it. But nothing we face in life will defeat the purpose that God has put here for your life. The undefeable eternal purpose of God. God placed you here. We are a true witness of God that all other religions is false and Jesus Christ is right. Amen. Hallelujah. We was put here to show a purpose. We was put here to prove that the religion that we serve, the God that we serve is the true and living God. Amen. Go with me for a minute in your minds. Let's just go back for a moment. Before there was ever an angel, before there was a star, a planet, there was no air, there was no light, there was no stars, there was no world, there was nothing else. It was just God and God alone. Ella, Elah, which means the self-existing one. There was nothing else existed but him. a self-existing one that we called God. But before he was ever anything to worship him, before he was even known as a God, he was the selfexisting one. And this self-existing one had a desire. He had a purpose, something that he wanted to achieve. And he purposed within himself that he would do this thing. And he spoke, "Let there be light." And there was light. Why? He purposed it. And the darkness, oh God, the darkness could not stop the light from coming forth. No matter how mysterious it seems, God always keeps his word. No matter how unreasonable it may seem to be to people, God will keep his word. Thank you, Jesus. In 1954, God spoke through the lips of a prophet and said, "There will be a pope come out of the United States." This day, this prophecy has been fulfilled. Is that right? God's word will never be defeated. If God says it, it will happen. I remember many years ago when my daughter after we came through the accident and all that the Lord had done for her, I got a call from the insurance company and this woman, she said, "Mr. Ward," I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "I I know this is kind of unusual." She said, "But I know you're a man of faith." And she said, "I I want to ask you something." I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, 'We've got this uh little boy and he got choked on a hot dog and suffered a brain injury and said his father is a pastor of a church and his his mother and said his mother's telling everybody that God told her before the boy turns three he will speak. And I said, "Yes, ma'am." And she said, "Well, Mr. Ward said his birthday's just a couple of days off and there's no indication at all that the boy will ever speak again. He's severely brain injury from a lack of oxygen." And she said, 'I'm afraid when it don't happen that it'll destroy this woman because she's telling everybody. And she said, 'What do you think?' And I said, 'Well, ma'am, you know, I'm I'm not really that smart, but there's one thing I know. If God said the boy will talk before he's three, it may be one second before his third birthday, but the boy will speak because God does not lie. Hallelujah. God keeps his word. And if God makes a promise of anything, God will keep that promise. Now you and I will make a promise but things happen that we have to break it. Is that not true? But not with God. Amen. God being infinite then when he knows of the future from the beginning and he doesn't make a promise unless he knows what's going to happen. And he always keeps his promise. God don't make a promise unless he knows he's going to keep it. And God purposed to prove his word to be the truth. Amen. The prophet said, "I don't believe God heals the people just to show his power to heal. But I believe he heals people to show that he fulfills his word and keeps his promise. And when he came on the earth the first time, he said he did this that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets. Because all of God's word must be fulfilled. Amen. Amen. And God's purpose can never be defeated. There is nothing that can defeat it. So how happy we ought to be. Amen. Are you happy? You ought to let your face know. Hallelujah. Smile a little bit. It ain't going to hurt us. Amen. Amen. You ought to be happy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Amen. How happy we ought to be resting upon the beautiful revelation of the word of the living God that there's neither things present. There's neither things that can come. There's no sickness, no sorrow, no death, no pearl, no nothing else can separate us from the purpose of the living God. What God has imagined in his mind, what God has purposed in his heart to bring to pass. There is no demon, there is no power, there is nothing that can ever separate God's great immortal eternal plan. It must be as God hath said. Amen. Hallelujah. God said, "Let a virgin conceive and bring forth a child." And it was as God said. God said, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before for the coming and great and dreadful day of the Lord." And it was as God said. And God said, "There'll be a bride. It shall be bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh, spirit of my spirit, life of my life." She is him. And it is as God hath said. Amen. Do you think that God, the heavenly father, will ever be defeated in his purpose? Even though Satan has done what he's done, it's an impossibility. He will not be defeated and he's given us perfect assurance that we have nothing to be scared about. Oh, they're talking about nuclear holocaust. Let them push the button before the bomb ever hits this nation. The bride will be gone. Don't ain't worried about nuclear war. I ain't worried about these. I ain't worried about plagues. He said they would be here, but he said I'll not leave you. Amen. He's given us perfect assurance, we got nothing to be scared about. What the Father has purposed in your life can never be defeated. Amen. You say, "You got any scripture for that?" I sure do. I appreciate you asking. Look at David. David was anointed by this pro great prophet Samuel. Is that right? Yeah. To be a king. That's right. Anointed by the prophet Samuel to be a king. And between the ages of 10 and 15 years old, he was just a teenager. And this giant by the name of Goliath, made this great boast. And David, just a boy standing before Goliath who was 9 foot 9 in tall. And even Saul the king, tried to discourage David by telling him, "You're just a boy and Goliath is a warrior. since he was a boy. Everything around him tried to discourage him. Oh God. But the giant that stood before David didn't see the God who stood with David. If he would have done that, he'd have been on his knees. For God done said, "David would reign as a king. And how can he die by a giant as a boy and reign as a king?" So David took God at his word. And as far as the word was concerned, Goliath was defeated before the battle ever started. Hallelujah. Before D well, brother, he picked up five stones. Yes, he did. But not in case he missed four times. He picked up five stones. Because Goliath had four brothers and David said, "I'll just kill them all." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God's purpose for David's life could not be defeated by a giant. And no giant that tries to rise over your lifeless can defeat God's purpose for your life. Don't be afraid of the giants. Shadrach, Meso, when they heated up the furnace seven times hotter than it had ever been heated before. And they said, "We don't know whether God will or not, but there's one thing we do know. Our God is able to deliver us, and nonetheless, we will not bow our knee to an image." You see, God had someone who would serve him, and his purpose would not be defeated. Amen. You what that tells me? Fire. They threw him in the furnace. And what did they do? They took a Sunday afternoon stroll. They was walking in the fiery furnace. Amen. And the king said, "Didn't we throw three of them in there? I see four." Hallelujah. God had someone who to serve him. And the fire could not defeat the purpose of God's plan. Oh, and I'd like to say this morning, all the hydrogen bombs in this world can never defeat the resurrection of his church. Amen. All the explaining away, all the mathematics, all the intelligence of this world disguised as a purpose to do something to destroy the faith of God's children. All this believe the sign nonsense and all this books that they got on Amazon, no matter what they put on the internet, it will never never defeat God's purpose. That faith that God placed in our hearts will live on forever. Amen. Amen. as it was written of Moses when it was taught in all the wisdom of the Egyptians. Yet he knew God had a purpose in his life. Yeah. And it was Yose his mother who took her darling baby. Think about this. A little baby and she put him in an ark and shoved him out into the Nile where the crocodiles were fat on Hebrew children. Now, why would a mother in her right mind ever place her baby in a basket and put him into the river where the crocodiles had been eaten? Hebrew children. True. Why would she do that? She took her baby and shoved it right out into the jaws of death, knowing that God's purpose, hallelujah, would never be defeated. Yes, sir. That the God of Abraham would take care of her baby. There wasn't enough crocodiles in all the world that could have swallowed him. He was God's chosen vessel. Amen. Hallelujah. And he was called for that purpose. Glory. Hallelujah. And we are God's chosen today who believe in the resurrection of the Lord Jesus. And there's no bomb. There's no hell. There is nothing else that can destroy God's purpose. Amen. Amen. We've got to go in the resurrection. Cuz God promised we would. Thank you, God's undefeable, eternal purpose. Think of Joseph and Mary. And God said the child was to be born in Bethlehem. Is that right? Not on the road to Bethlehem. Not on the hill outside the city of Bethlehem. Not at the welcome to Bethlehem sign. No. No. It had to be Bethlehem because God said so. Yes, sir. Don't be afraid of the journey. Don't worry about the mule dying. Don't worry about the thieves on the road. Journey to the purpose. The child will be born in Bethlehem. The word will become flesh in Bethlehem. Oh little bride, don't be afraid of the journey. We were born for a purpose to do what? To reproduce Jesus Christ in the flesh again. Not in a quote book, not in a tape player, but in my flesh, in your flesh. That's what God pro that's what the message was sent for. Amen. We were born for a purpose to reproduce Jesus Christ in the flesh again. And God watched over the magi because they had the appropriate gifts to identify his presence on the earth. And God will watch over this bride. For we have the appropriate gifts. Hallelujah. To identify his presence on the earth. There was nothing that would stop those magi from getting to Jesus. They were born to identify him on the earth. Oh, are you hearing me this morning? They were born to identify him here on the earth. Then what have you been put here on the earth to do? Just to go to church when you feel like it. Read your Bible when you feel like it. We were born for a purpose. God could have put you in any age he wanted to put you in. He could have put you in Luther's day or Wesley's day or Pentecost restoration of the gifts. But God placed you in this end time message, in this end time age for a purpose. Amen. And all the ages, he could have put us here and we could have followed Jesus. We could have walked right behind him as he walked on the shores of Galilee. But God purposed within himself to place you in this age. And let me tell you, saints of God, he did not place us here to give up. He did not place us here to fail. He did not place us here to denominate. But he placed us here to reproduce Jesus Christ in the flesh again. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. We have been put here to identify him on the earth again. When you really realize that God has revealed to you the truth of the thing, there's nothing in the world that's going to defeat you in it. You are absolutely undefeable. Amen. I'm not talking about this flesh. This flesh. I'm not talking about that. But I'm talking about the God that's in you. Amen. Not Christ, not the body, but the word that was in him. Not Mary, but the word that was born from her. Then let's go from here this morning with this understanding. We will not be defeated. There is nothing that is coming. There is nothing that Satan is bringing that can stop this bride. She is unstoppable, undefeable. For she was born for a per. We may have trials. We may have troubles. But there is nothing that'll stop this bride from fulfilling the purpose of God. I make a Baptist shout for this bride will not be defeated and God's purpose will not be defeated. He has given us perfect assurance that we the bride will not be defeated. We have nothing to fear. Hallelujah. You were made for eternal purpose. Amen. because you're the manifestation of an attribute that was in God before the foundation of the world. The prophet of God said he wrote your name with Jesus and put it in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Now, why would he associate your name with Jesus? That's why Jesus is not ashamed to call you brother. Praise God. Because we have the same daddy. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I I I like genealogy to see where you come from. You know, you got to have a brave heart when you do that. I'm telling you. You know, you you have your DNA, right? Do you know you get 50% of your DNA comes from your daddy and 50% of your DNA comes from your mama? That's why some people look at you and they see your daddy and others say, "No, you look just like your mama." You know why? cuz you got you share in their DNA. Well, if that's true in the natural, it's true in the spiritual. Yeah. So, I thought, well, if that's true, there must be something. The Bible, the answer to every question lays in the Bible. So, we find out that the prophet of God said that we drink from the breast of El Shadi. Hallelujah. So, that makes God our mother. And then we find out that God is our father. So, 50% of my spiritual DNA comes from my mother. and fill them. And 50% of my spiritual DNA come from my daddy. Then what does that make you? It makes you all God. God manifested in your flesh. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, do you love him? We have nothing to fear. Think about that. You were made for eternal purpose. God thought of you and expressed you and he made this earth. Thank you, Jesus. To take you out of it, to make you a human being. Every man that comes to Christ must first be childrained for the purpose that God has ordained for you. And remember, if you can just be still, keep quiet. He's called you for this, there's nothing that'll keep it from happening. There's not enough devils in torment, but what God's word will be made manifest. Hallelujah. You were born for a purpose and nobody can take your place. Nobody. I can't take brother Brandham's place, but brother Brandon can't take my place. I can't take brother John's place, but brother John can't take my place. Well, I can't pray like brother John, but he can't pray like you. Oh, God. God made us each way. He wants to use us. Amen. You may have everybody tried to boy. Everybody wants to be like brother John. That's impersonation. Just be what God made you. Amen. Amen. That's where every Christian ought to stand knowing trials will come up and seem every way for you. But remember, God has a purpose and it will all work out right. The desert places, the bitter water, it will all Don't you understand, friends? God told Moses, "When you bring the children out of Egypt, they shall worship me upon this mountain." Then there ain't no desert. There ain't no bitter water. There ain't no There ain't no Pharaoh's army. There ain't nothing that'll stop them from getting there. Because as far as God was concerned, they was already there. And as far as God is concerned, we've already raptured. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Trials will come up seem every way for you, but God has a purpose and it will all work out right. What was Jesus manifested for? Why was he manifested? To show God. Did not he say, "When you see me, you see the father, for I am the father of one." What was he manifested for? To show God. And he sent that life that he lived by back to the church. We call it the Holy Ghost purpose. What was God's purpose in sending the Holy Spirit? God's purpose was sending it was to find the mind. He sent it for one purpose that God himself might dwell in his church. Amen. And continue his plans through that church. He sent the Holy Ghost not just so we'd shout, though I like to shout. Not just so we jump, though I like to jump. But he sent it for a purpose. That the life he lived might be continued. Amen. In a body called the bride. Lord, oh God. that God himself, think of it, not an organization, not a denomination, not an apostles creed, but God himself dwelling in his church. God was in Christ, continuing his plans through Christ and out of Christ into his church, continuing his work through his church. He was God. He had to be. No man could die. No prophet could die. He was God. He was the God of the prophets. Speaking of Christ, he was the prophet. He was the kings. He was the history. He was that was to come. He was that that is and that was to come and that's to be in this day. The same yesterday, today, and forever. He was manifested for that purpose. You see, if we have to go back to 65 to find God, he's the God of history. True. Is that not true? But we don't have to go back to 65. He's here right now. He's healing right now. He's raising the dead right now. Amen. Oh God, thank you Lord. Amen. And through this purpose, he achieved a church that the fullness of God might bring to pass every promise of God in these last days when he gets the preeminence. You see, God don't need my education. God don't need my ability. God don't He just needs my skin. Amen. He just wants to dwell in this tent. Yes. That his purpose could be achieved for the church that they might express him in his fullness. The primitance in the church, the position that he placed in the church. He that believeth on me, did not he say, "He that believeth on me, the works I do, there shall they do also, and greater works than these shall he do?" Amen. What's greater than raising the dead? What's greater than casting out? What's greater than creating bread and fish, right? But that greater doesn't mean something greater than what he done. But that greater means more. Because you see what he done, he done it in a body called Jesus. One man performing miracles. But now that same anointing is in a many membered bride. And more works are being done around the world. Why more works, greater works? Because it's a many membered body now manifesting that same life Christ manifested. Amen. Amen. Amen. Today, he wants to get somebody that can so see it that they can let the word manifest through them. Amen. You see, the gift is not how hard you study. The gift is in how much you can yield. Amen. How much you can allow the spirit of God to manifest through you. Amen. Amen. Jesus so seen it. He was so perfectly born for the day until God think about this. God expressed every move that he made. He was God's revelation. He was God revealed. Did not he say, "Have not I been with you all this time and yet you don't know who I am?" Right? He was God's revelation. He was God's thoughts being manifested. Hallelujah. Amen. He was God revealed then this ransom church of the last day purposed by God to be here. I want you to understand we are not here by mistake. No, he purposed us here. What is she? Not a creed, not a dogma, not a cult. She's God's revelation. Amen. Amen. She's God revealed in flesh. Once again, Christ, the mystery of God revealed. All God was, he poured into Christ. Right. All Christ is, he has poured into his church. Then Christ is the mystery of God revealed. But the bride is the revelation of where Christ is. A little while the world will see me no more, but ye shall see me. For I'll be with you even in you. Then where is he at? Oh, I wish I could see Jesus. He's sitting right beside you. I know I've told you this before, but it's so good. You remember when we all had to wear the mask? Yeah, y'all didn't have to up here. I should have moved up here. And so I went made myself laugh. So I went to this store. I was going somewhere to preach. And I went to the store and I went in, you know, to get some gas and get a Pepsi and a a Moon Pie, you know. That's why I look the way I do, you know. When you're driving, you eat because you're bored, you know. So I stand over by the tater chip rack cuz you had to be six foot apart, you know. And so I'm standing there and this guy walks in and the girl behind the cash register, she looks, he goes, "Why, John? You've changed your mask." And apparently John had wore this mask for months, but today he put on a different mask and it so stood out to her that it caught her attention. She said, "John, you've changed your mask." When she said that, something struck me like a light in a boat. I about shouted, "Pastor Dr. peppers because you see that's exactly what he did. The God that was veiled behind the mask of Jesus, that same God has now veiled himself behind the mask of his bride. He's just changed his mask. Remember, Brother Bam talked about the play that Rebecca was in and he said he went to it and said this one guy played three or four different roles and he went behind the veil. He went behind the curtain and changed his costume, but it was the same one all the time. Not just God above us, not just God with us, but now God in us. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, there will be a time come forth that he'd express himself in the fullness of his godhead, deity through his church, and have the preeminence in this church. Look, the anointed man, Christ, the anointed man, but now the anointed people. Lord, hallelujah. Oh, God. Just keep looking at it. It'll catch you one day. I'm not beside myself, friends. This is what the prophet told us. You say you're reading a lot. I want you to know this is not my thoughts. I'm only telling you what the prophet said. The anointed man. Now the anointed people to bring about the anointed bride. Hallelujah. Why? To unite with the bridegroom. What did brother Ben say in choosing of the bride? He said you want to see what a man really is? Look at what he married. Hallelujah. Then what must Christ take for his bride? He must take someone who expresses himself. Hallelujah. Anointed. Why? by accepting what Eve turned down and Adam coming back with the anointing of the word because he said my word is spirit anointed with the word. What Eve turns down he comes back and we accept it. Notice the second manifestation Christ in you the hope of glory that the great manifested God in Christ. Now Christ manifested in you. Are you ready for this? Well, one person is anyway. What was once Think about this. what was once God's great secret. God's great mysterious secret that was in his mind, but it's not there no more. No, it was once in God's mind. Angels couldn't even look. Nobody knew nothing about it because it was in God's mind. And who could go into God's mind? Moses could only go back to the beginning. He could He couldn't go into God's mind. Moses only went back and he wrote in the beginning because that was far back as he could go. No one could get into the mind of God. So this great mysterious secret that was in God's mind but it ain't there no more. Amen. Where is it at? Hallelujah. Where's the mystery at? The angels don't have it. No. The sages don't have it. Where is it at? God's great secret. God's great mysterious secret that was in his mind is now put in the hearts of the believers. Where is this secret? It's in your heart. That's the body of Christ. What was once God's great secret in his mind before the foundation of the world is now made manifest, is now made known, is now revealed where? In you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How could that be? How could that be? Because God promised it and he keeps his promises and he cannot fail. His promises are always true. Plus, anybody ever seen that picture of the light, the angel of the Lord, the pillar of fire? They've got it. Scientist has it. Washington has it. Right. Yeah. It is. It's there. I know these critics, you know, get on there and say that brother Brandon was lying when he said it was there. But we went to DC, me and my wife, I was preaching up there, my family, and we went into the Library of Congress, right? And we walked on the floor where the picture was. And as soon as we walked in, the lady that was running the library there told us where it was because she knew who we were because of the way my wife was dressed. Oh, God. We didn't even have to ask. She said, "Oh, you're looking for the pillar of fire. Go to this cabinet over here." I thought, "How did she know that?" Then I looked at my wife. I said, "Oh, yeah." She didn't look at me and say that. She looked at her. G. Hallelujah. Let them laugh at you, sister. Let them make fun of you. But you're serving God's purpose. Amen. We go into Walmart. So these people with 17 different color hair, and they got so much metal in their face, they can't even go out in a lightning storm. And they look at us cause because my wife has a dress and no makeup and long hair like we're weird. True. Really? We're weird. That's not weird. That's normal. I told my wife one day, I said, "I want to tell you how much I appreciate the way you dress cuz you Oh my. You look like a lady." Come on, brothers. You ought to Amen. Our sisters go through a lot. You need to tell them we appreciate it that you dress like a lady and walk like a lady and look like and you're not. Oh my. Thank God for the revelation of God's mind in this hour. True. He said that picture in Washington DC, he said they've got it in picture, but the church has got it in reality. You've got it in reality. It's here with us now. They didn't bury the pillar of fire in Jeffersonville. They buried the prophet. The pillar of fire is still with the church. It's leading us as it led Israel. It's still leading the church. There's not a wind strong enough to stop this bride. Hallelujah. It will not stop us. There's not a sickness. There's not a plague. There's not a trial that'll keep us from achieving God's great purpose for our lives. There's something in us. There's a fire that's burning. A light that's been lit by God. And no breeze can blow it out. There's no cold spell in the church. There's no indifference among the people. There's no persecution of the world that can blow out the flame that God has lit in our soul for it's God's purpose. It's his torch light of freedom and it will burn until the coming of the Lord. There's no power that can blow it out. It will only no matter how much they try to stop this message and to degrade this prophet and it will only make the word burn brighter. Cuz I been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Hallelujah. Amen. You see him in the promise for this day. This day. Then you hear his voice say it in his eye, be not afraid. Amen. Be not afraid. Amen. You think the heavenly father will be defeated in his purpose. Even Satan has done what he's done. It is an impossibility. Amen. He will not be defeated. And he's given us perfect assurance. We have nothing to be scared of. Thank you, Lord. Can I have just a few more minutes? Amen. Listen, my some of my my people are Melundian. You ever heard anybody ever heard the term Melenian? Melundian is a group of people down in where we're from. It's a tri-racial people. Black and Native American and white. And so that's where my people come from. I I took, you know, as I said, I genealogy and you know, I can go to any continent on earth and be at home. I'm certainly a Hines 57, you know. So that that's my people. They're Melundians. the the call it was it was kind of a derogatory term that they called us but now they you know it's kind of become popular again they wrote books the resurrection of proud people and all this but anyway they was having a melundian reunion so I didn't want to go but my brother did no I'm just kidding so we went to this reunion now I knew a guy by the name of Alfred Hall he's gone to glory now used to preach the gospel brother Hall was the darkest white man I've ever seen in my life and so me and my brother was walking over at the campus in Wise Virginia where they was having a reunion cuz Brent Kennedy had wrote a book, Resurrection of Proud People. And he was there signing the book. And so we was walking down the street and I told my brother Dwayne, I said, "If anybody is at this reunion, it'll be Alfred Hall." And when we turned the corner, here come Brother Hall down there packing that book under his arm. And he was laughing when he saw me. He said, "The man that wrote the book said, I'm one of them." And you say, "Why did you say that?" Because the things I've been preaching to you, I've come to tell you. I'm telling you this because the man that wrote the book said, "This is who we are." Hallelujah. The man that wrote the book said, "We was predestinated before the foundation of the world." The man that wrote the book said, "Your name was placed in that book of life before there was ever a star. Before there was ever an hour, your name was there with him." Amen. The man that wrote the book said, "We've already raptured." The man that wrote the book said, "I'll send you Elijah." The man that wrote the book has kept every promise of his word. [Music] whom he predestinated he did call. Whom he called, he justified. And whom he justified, he hath glorified. Then what shall we say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? He that spared not his own son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Who shall anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth. What is he? Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died, yay, rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also make intercession for us. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword? As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor death, nor any creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Then what should we be? What should we be on the anniversary of this church? What should we be? Not just a building. Not just a building with all this beautiful decorations. It's not that's not what it is. No, you're the temple. You're the church. And when we go out those doors into the darkness of this age, you are that light. You see, the evening light I'm closing. The evening light is not just the name of the church. The evening light is you. Amen. Jesus said, "I am the light of the world." And then he said, "You're the light of the world." Did he have dementia? Did he forget what he said? No. He was giving you a revelation. He said, "I'm the light of the world, but you shall be. You are the light of the world." Why? Because I'll be in you. The evening light is expressed not on a church sign, but in the flesh of his church. We are the children of the promise. And being dead in Christ, we are Abraham's seed and hes with him in the promise. You see, you can't have you can't be the seed of Abraham without having the faith of Abraham. And Abraham believed for the impossible. No matter how much sickness comes, how kind of death we die, how much poverty we go through, God's purpose cannot be defeated, he will raise us up again. Because he said, because I live, shall you live also. No weapon formed against you, no weapon formed against you shall prosper. Every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment, thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and the righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. So, as you start your 25th year of a church, send the light. Send the light by going forth and letting that light express through you. That that Walmart, that own your job, that wherever you're at, at the red light, let them see Jesus. Let them see Jesus. You know, I heard the story as I close. I think I've told it here before, but it just come to my mind. There some men who they lived in New Jersey, but they worked in New York City. And every Friday, they would catch a what we call a puddle jumper, a little plane, and they'd fly from New York back to to to New Jersey, and they would get together with their wives and have something to eat. So, it was just a routine that they done. But this particular Friday, they were late. and getting to the airport. They were late. And there's only one way to get to the gate when you're late, and that's run. So, they run trying to get to the gate because they promised their wives they'd eat supper with them. So, they come around the corner and they saw this girl, but it was too late. She was selling apples and they run all over her. Knocked the apple cart everywhere. Knocked the apples everywhere. But they went on because they was late. But when they got to the gate, this particular one kind of felt bad. He told the guys, he said, "You all go on home." Said, "I'm going to go back and check on that girl." said, "I just don't feel right that we done that to her." And they said, "You better come on. Your wife's expecting you," he said, "Tell her what happened. Tell her I catch the flight. I'll see her later tonight." And he goes back and when he goes back to where the girl was, anybody been in New York City, you know, they're not too they're not too kind up there, I hate to say, but it's the truth, you know. So, people just walking by, not paying any attention, kicking her apples and everything else. And he saw her and he noticed for the first time she was blind. And she's going, "Please, Jesus, help me. Jesus, would you help me? And he walked up and he said, "I'll help you." And he set up the chair, said, "You sat right there." And he picked up the apple cart, set it up. He picked up all the apples and everyone that was bruised, he set them off to the side. And everyone that wasn't Bruce, he wiped them off and stacked them back up. And then he pulled $20 out of his pocket. And he said, "Now look." Said, "Me and my friends, we didn't mean to do that. We're sorry. We apologize to you." He said, "But but now you're okay and you're back in business and here's $20. I put the apple bruised apple so you won't sell a bad apple. They're over here to the side and here's $20. It's more than enough to cover the apples that was bruised." and said, "We're so sorry that we done this to you and uh but you're okay." And she spoke. She said, "Sir," he said, "Yes." She said, "Are you Jesus?" And he goes, "Well, I know. Why? Why would you say that?" She said, "Because I was in the floor walk." So, I was in the floor crying and I said, "Jesus, please help me." And I heard you say, "I'll help you." I said, "I was just wondering if you were Jesus." Oh, he said, "No, but I I serve him." And all the way home on the airplane, looking out the window, he thought about those words, "Mister, are you Jesus?" Amen. And I wonder this morning as I close. Amen. Is Christ expressed through me enough that if my neighbor was blind, they couldn't see our our cloud pins? They couldn't see our Malachi 4 license plate, you know, all the things that we have as message believers. If my neighbor was blind, do I live such a life? True. That they could still see Jesus. Because you see, that's the reason he came. That he could express himself through us. Thank you, Father. That the age we're living in would not be without a witness, but that they would know that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. How would they know that? Not by book but by the life we live. Do I live such a life that my wife sees Jesus? Do I live such a life that my children and my grandchildren see Jesus? I don't want them to see a creed. I don't want them to see a dogma. I don't want to see him some kind of form of churchity. Right? I want them to see him. But you see my brother, my sister, that's what he has purposed in our life. And all he needs for us to do is to yield to his word. Because the man that wrote the book said, "This is who you are." The devil will try to tell you everything, but we know he's a liar. Listen to the one who wrote the book. The man that wrote the book said, "You're predestinated. An undefeable purpose, eternal purpose of the living God, that he would have a body in the last day that he could have the preeminence in that the world once more would hear from Christ." Oh God, I say this morning, let it be me, Lord. Let it be me. Is that your desire? Let's just bow our heads this morning. Amen. Oh, God. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh Lord, this morning God, Lord, that 90 90% of this message was quotes from your prophet so the people would know, Lord, it's not my word, but just rehearsing as as it's written in thy word that we'd be a good steward if we remind the brothers of the things that's been spoken. Father, I've tried to do that today that this was come from a vindicated prophet in this hour, Lord, who has told us this is who we are. And Lord, we know that the children of old in the bondage of Egypt 400 years they'd been beat and smacked around and treated horribly. But oh God, you sent Moses down there to tell them. You said, "Go tell Pharaoh that Israel is not your slaves. Israel is my son." Amen. And you sent a prophet to tell him who they were, Lord. And father, oh, torn clothes is all right if you're in slavery, but it was not fit to go into the presence of a king. So you gave him a new garment. You gave him a change of clothing. And oh God, that's what you've done. You clothed us in this hour, not in a creed, not in a dog, but in the revealed word of the hour because it's time for us to go into the presence of the King. But oh God, may we be ready. May there not be a person within the sound of my voice this morning miss that, Lord. But whatever it takes, God, may we lay aside every weight, every feather, every besetting sin, every weakness. May we just lay it aside, Lord, that you could have the preeminence in our lives. Grant it today, God. I pray. Lord, I believe these words will not return it to you void, but it will accomplish that which you sent to do. For the man that wrote the book said so. And I believe it, Lord. Oh, God. Grant it today. Amen. Grant it today, Father. If you're here and you say, "Brother Daryl, that's my prayer also." I wonder if you just slip your hand up and say, "Lord, remember me. That's what I desire. Lord, these things I heard today. I don't want it just to be a sermon, but Lord, I want it to be lifechanging. I want it to come into my heart and express itself." Amen. God bless the hands that are up in this building. Oh, God. Blessed are they do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Oh Lord, grant it today. We pray father hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my dry and broken places. Thirsty for your love. [Music] Lord, forgive me if I've wondered. Far away from you. You are all I've ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Oh God, grant it today, Lord. We've raised our hands to you, God. we've gathered here on this anniversary weekend, Lord, of this church. I pray, oh God, in the name of Jesus, may send the light always be a light in the darkness here in Michigan. Lord, may every person in this building be filled with the Holy Ghost, let revival fire be burning in ever so pour your spirit out upon us like the rain, dear God. Oh, Father, in this hour that we're living in when they say you don't move no more and they put it on Time magazine, is God dead? Oh, Father, I'm so glad that we're gathered here with a group of people that know you're not dead, but you're alive and well, living in the hearts of your people, expressing yourself, even said you would do. And today, oh God, forgive us of our sins. Forgive us of our shortcomings. Forgive us of our weaknesses, Lord. We bow in your great presence this morning. You see the hands that was raised, God. Lord, I don't believe they raised their head just because I asked them to do. I believe they raised their hand because they wanted more of you, Lord. And Father, we know the prophet taught us that your spirit draws near us. that will cause us to raise our hand, Lord. And oh God, receive it today, God. Receive it today, Lord. Hear our cry of our heart, Lord. Pour your anointing out upon us. Pour your spirit up on. Fulfill your purpose in our life. Even said you would do, Lord. May we go forth from this not fearing, Lord, not troubled, God, not upset, no matter what happens in the world. I'm not looking to the Democrats. I'm not looking to the Republicans to solve the problems. I'm looking to you, Lord, for you said these things with me. But when they begin to come to pass to lift up your head, your redemption draweth nigh, God, we see, Lord, how the Catholic Church now is in the Washington, Lord. It's in the the bureaucrats there. Most of Trump's cabinet is Catholic, dear God. And the new pope from America has said, Lord, that he wants to work in unity and peace. And oh, Father, they're saying now that more Catholics will come out of America because that pope come out of what is it's the fulfilling of what you said, Lord, of the beast in the image of the beast. Revelations 13. Oh, God, we're living in the hour, Lord Jesus. We don't have to wait 800 years to see a prophet's word come to pass. Oh, Father, within 70 years, what the prophet spoke has come to pass, God. We're living in this hour of the manifestation of the sons of God. Oh, Father, may we lay aside everything, Lord, to become that which you said we would be. Lord, grant it today. Father, I ask your blessings upon brother John. I ask your blessings upon his family. I ask your blessings upon his children, God. May every one of them come in, Lord. May there not be a one left behind. I ask the blessings, dear God, upon every family here. May their wives and their children and their grandchildren, oh God, today pour out your spirit upon us, Lord God. Let us go forth with the revelation of who we are in this hour that no devil, no demon, no spirit can ever stop this purpose from coming forth. It's an undefeable, eternal purpose of God. And it will be as you have said, Lord. Grant it today, God. May we just simply let go, God, and let you have your wonderful way. Grant it today, Lord. Grant it today, Lord. Pour your spirit out upon us. We pray in Jesus name. In Jesus' name, grant it today, Lord. Let the fire fall. Set us on fire, God. Grant it we pray, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But do you love him this morning, friends? Listen, one time talking about being set on fire here. A few years ago, I was burning some leaves out in the backyard. I had an old pair of jeans on that was raggedy. And I was watching it burn out there. Had my hand on a hoe handle, you know, was just watching it burn. And so I went and kicked up some leaves back up into the fire so it would burn a little bit more. And I standing there and all of a sudden I thought, "My leg feels awful warm." And I looked down. I thought, "Jimy crickets, I'm on fire." I was jumping and screaming. I was one second away from taking my britches off. But here I'm saying this, every person around me knew I was on fire. What are you saying? I pray God sets us so on fire that everybody around us knows we're on fire. Praise the Lord. Now, if I would have been burning, fire coming up my leg and I said, "Well, praise the Lord. Look at that. I'm on fire." Hallelujah. You said, "That guy's crazy. He's on fire." Oh, set me on fire, Lord. That I've got to move. That I've got to move. Oh, you love you this morning. Amen. God bless you, brother John Cub. God bless you, saints. Thank you for listening to us. Amen. Thank you, brother Daryl. Wonderful word. Yes. I just want to know who's going to leave here on fire. Praise God. Amen. We been identified today who we are. Sir, not that we're just Miss Jesus, but we're eternal Miss Jesus. And that God is going to work out everything. Not only for our good but for his purpose. We should walk away from here with such confidence that no matter what happens to us tomorrow, what trial we go through, right, the bottom falls out, the car breaks, we should be able to come back to this message that we heard today. Praise God. And know that we have some greater purpose than whatever we're going to be going through. Because I believe the word that we heard today is to help us tomorrow. It's to help us with our everyday life. Amen. It's to solidify. There's nothing that's going to stand between us and what God is calling us to do. What a wonderful word we heard today. Let's stand together and let's sing. Let's sing. I've got a revelation. Amen. I've got a revelation of predestination. I've got a revelation. God is my father. I know where I came from. Tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell can never prevail again. Still I've got a revelation of predestination. I've got a [Applause] revelation. God is my father. I know where I came from. tells me where I'm going and the gates of hell can never prevail against it. I've got a revelation of predestination. I've got a revelation. God is my father. I know where I came from. Tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell can never prevail against it. Amen. Nothing can prevail against it. Um, I will not be denied. When pains of death stun my soul unto the Lord, I cried. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. As Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord and instant with the courage bold. I stood upon his word. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me. Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and would Did you ever hear him say that before? Oh, yeah. But praise the Lord, the work is done. Amen. Christ the Lord. The work is done. That's what we heard today. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Amen. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get the Amen. Three today is mine. Oh, love is mine. Love is mine. Love today is mine. [Applause] I told Satan to get me behind. Love today is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. I chose Satan to get me behind. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Well, joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I chose Satan to get me behind. Joy today is [Music] mine. Well, faith is mine. Faith is mine. Faith today is mine. I chose Satan to get thee behind. Faith today is mine. Well, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. I to Satan to get me behind. Victory today. Amen. One more time. Victory. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Amen. Let's just thank the Lord for he has given us victory. Praise you. Praise you. Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelujah. Amen. We don't want to be singing victory was mine. That's right. And we don't want to be singing victory will be mine. Amen. He's He's the I am. We got to claim the victory now. Amen. Bless his name. Imagine the three Hebrew children saying victory was mine or victory will be. He need he they need a God of the I am. And I'll tell you in our life the devil comes presently. And we need a present God. He's a present help in a time need. Amen. We really appreciated that word. How many appreciated that message today? Praise God. That's spiritual food is new to you. Oh yes ma'am.
