################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - 3.30.25 - Wells Of Salvation - Alex Magoulas - Alex Magoulas.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-30
Title:    3.30.25 - Wells Of Salvation - Alex Magoulas
Speaker:  Alex Magoulas
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrDVZOfAHts
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. Hey. [Music] He'll give rest to the weary, give new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. He is my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gave rest to the weary, gave new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. He is my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He'll give rest to the weary, give new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Amen. He's a good one, too. Amen. I ask brother Jonathan if he'll just open in a word of prayer. Amen. Amen. Nope. You have to stay standing. Come and go with me. Yes, brother Stan. I did that for you. Come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. To my father's house, come and go with me. To my father's house, where there's peace, sweet peace. Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house, in my father's house, Jesus will be there. In my father's house, where there's peace, sweet peace, there'll be no sorrow there. In my father's house, in my father's house, in my father's house, there'll be no sorrow there. In my father's house, where there's joy, real joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house, to my father's house. Come and go with me to my father's house. Where there's peace, sweet peace. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. When the saints Amen. I'm a pilgrim and a stranger wandering through this world of sin. On my way to that fair city where the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring in. Oh, I know I'll see my Savior if my life is free from sin. Heaven's doors will open for me. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go marching in, when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed within, I'll be shouting, "Glory, glory." When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go marching in, I'm waiting for that chariot to swing and I'll step in. On the clouds, I'll ride to heaven. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Lord, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring in. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, I'm going. Amen. Blessed assurance. That's what I have. I have blessed assurance this morning. Amen. Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foraste of glory divine. Hear of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior. all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapure now burst on my side. Angels descending, ring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission. All is at rest. I in my savior am happy and blessed. watching and waiting. Looking above, filled with his goodness, lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. this morning as we take up our prayer requests. First, we have a testimony. Sister Beckman said she's thankful to the Lord Jesus keeping her son-in-law safe. Um, in midair, the jet had a cracked windshield and so they they had to fly by instrument to Denver. They also had a delay because the brakes were bad. I'm thankful for God watching over us. So, praise the Lord for that. Amen. Amen. So, we take up our prayer requests. We want to remember Sister Linda Helms that God will just touch her body, continue to help her with her eyesight and her strength. Um, we also want to remember uh the Britain family. their eldest son was killed in a car accident and so they need their the Lord's comfort and strength. Um we were at uh Bob Koba's funeral yesterday. So uh the family needs their leadership and their strength. Amen. Um also remember brother and sister Johnson. Um, I believe Brother Johnson's still in the hospital and he's making the last lap. So, we want to just pray that the angels of God stay with him and just bless him. Amen. And also the unspoken request this morning. Sure, each and every one of us has something that we'd like to see the Lord move. Amen. But faith believes the promise without the evidence. So let's all stand together. Let's just join our voices together. Remember those that are still on vacation. Uh brother Ron, Sister Lori, Brother Marty, just take our voices together in Jesus name. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, we're thankful for Lord Jesus. Father Pray Father Lord I pray that you'll touch her heart you'll help Lord, her blood pressure. Heavenly Father, you know, Lord, may you touch brother John pray Lord you'll bless that bless for brother Bill Bailey, brother Ron Spencer Lord Jesus Lord Father amongst us. May you just bless every Lord Jesus comfort that lost their son. Lord Jesus pray those forest fires and father comfort the heavenly father I pray you love you father thank you remember Brother Ron, Sister Lorie, Brother Marty, Lordless. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Brother James has got a special for us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amazing grace, how Sweet the soul. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relieved. How preious did that grace appear. How I first believed when we been there 10,000 years bright shineing as the sun. Leave no less days to sing God's praise than when we first beun. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. [Applause] I know in whom I believed. Amen. Amen. I know not why God's wondrous grace to me he hath made known, nor why unworthy Christ in love redeemed me for his own. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how this saving faith to me he did impart, nor how believing in his word brought peace within my heart. But I know whom I have believed in, and I'm persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how the spirit moves, convincing men of sin, revealing Jesus through the word, creating faith in him. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not what of good or ill may be reserved for me. of weary ways or golden days bey. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not when my Lord may come at night or noon day fair, nor if I'll walk the veil with him, or meet him in the air. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. But I know whom I have believed in and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. And ask brother Roger if he'll just pray over the offering. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. when I've gone the last mile of the way. Will you be glad for that, won't you? Amen. If I walk in the pathway of [Music] duty, if I work till the close of the day, I shall see the great king in his beauty. When I've gone the last mile of the way. When I've gone the last mile of the way. I will rest at the close of the day. And I know there are joys that await me. when I've gone the last mile of the [Music] way. If for Christ I proclaim the glad story. If I seek for his sheep gone arree, I am sure he will show me his glory. When I've gone the last mile of the way. When I've gone the last mile of the [Applause] way and will rest at the close of the day. And I know there are joys that await me. When I've gone the last mile of the [Applause] way. Here the dearest of ties we must sever. Tears of sorrow are seen every day. But no sickness, no sighing forever. When I've gone the last mile of the [Applause] way. When I've gone the last mile of the way. I will rest at the close of the day. And I know there are joys that await me. when I've gone the last mile of the way. And if here I have earnestly striven and have tried all his will to oy dwell in hands all the rapture of heaven when I've gone the last mile of the way. When I've gone the last mile of the way, I will rest at the close of the day. And I know there are joys that await me when I've gone the last mile of the way. Amen. Amen, brother John. How many's thankful that you're here today? You know, there are some that have left. They stop walking before the last mile of the way. And Satan has a temptation to to do that, right? The scripture tells us he delayeth his coming. But we are blessed here in our hearts to have a a desire to keep walking. To keep walking the last mile and the the last mile perhaps is the hardest. But we're on the correct path regardless of how we feel. Those of us that have come through a trial, which we all have, when we come through the trial, we're so glad that we didn't stop. Amen. We We got a blessing. We got a blessing coming. So, just keep keep on keeping on. That's why we're here today to get strength. Amen. From the Lord. And I believe our We're going to hear from God. We're going to be strengthened today through the word. That's right. And it's always a blessing having brother Alex with us and his family. God bless each of them. Let's stand together and sing. Only believe as our brother comes. Only believe. Only believe. [Music] Only believe all things are possible. Only Lord I believe. Lord I believe. Lord I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. For I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Amen. We are so thankful for the grace of God in our lives to be believers today. Amen. We are saved not of ourselves but by faith through grace. Amen. It's not of ourselves. It's the gift of God. So we are just beneficiaries of his resurrection today. And it's good to be with fellow beneficiaries. Praise the Lord. Am I cutting out? Oh, there we go. Praise the Lord. Amen. If this goes out, I'm just going to yell really loud, which I kind of do anyway, I guess, but maybe even louder still. Um, God bless you. Good to be with you today. We certainly appreciate the grace of God, Bruce. Sure. Appreciate the song service. And uh do I need to switch here or something? I'm getting I'm getting looks get a home. I break things. So what? Hey, let's try this. Is this on? Okay. Oh, hey. Yeah. Is that autotune or something? Is that makes me sound really good. Praise the Lord. Sound like like a man. Um, it's really nice. Uh, no, we uh, you know, talking about the last mile away and stuff. You know, there's a there's a plan. The Bible talks about the book of Daniel that the the enemy, the beast, in this last hour, he has a plan to wear out the saints of the most high. And so, we're all dealing with weariness. Even in the natural people in America, they're more worked than they've been in generations. And and we all experience weariness. And for me, I also am tired this morning. you know, you you get to look at things in life. Um, I'm trying to think how to to to to lead into this. You can be seated for just a moment as I ramble. Um, you know, I I just like to say this. Let me start off by saying this. I appreciate the grace of God to be here. Obviously, I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for the Lord, but I also appreciate my wife and kids. They help make this possible. I probably uh it's probably fair to say I couldn't do what I do without them. Uh, I was at home this week and you know how it is. You have plans to do things as a minister. Brother John, you you have a a business. You understand especially you've got plans. You've got this time that you set aside for things and then things happen. Well, I had a thing happened to me this week. I I was trying to fix the drain for the washer in my house and it runs down this hole and the CPVC that's the hot and cold line for the shower are in the same wall. And so, unbeknownst to me, that wasn't very strong in the hot water line. And I'm just pushing the drain hose down there. And I have a wellspring of water gushing up not into everlasting life, but into my own frustration and into the crawl space under my house. So, we had the water off for a day, and I just had all kinds of stuff. I had to take Chuck to doctor's appointment. So, you things happen and you get weary. And so, you know, I this like this morning I heard this prayer request for this young man that passed away. You know, sometimes we get weary and we think about how hard life is, but you know, there's somebody else going through stuff and you know, I just as a minister, I never want to get up here and none of us do and and be so uh caught up in ourselves that forget there's people that are really suffering. So, you know, I just I thank God for his grace and his mercy that we could each be here today. Amen. And so I was, you know, I say this to make this point. So, you know, I was thinking, you know, back in the day, they didn't have indoor plumbing. So, that was one problem they didn't have. They had wells that they drew water out of. And so, my kids, actually, my girls yesterday were talking to me about this certain thought. And so, I'd like to take my my thought here so they they can take the blame or credit however they want to to view that for this. But, I sure appreciate that because I was looking at this anyway for today's thought. So um if you just stand with me again for a moment for a word of prayer and uh I make all this point to say all this that uh you know we have a lot to be thankful for and we'll read this here in just a moment but I would like to invite you to pray with me first and let's just pray. Father we are so thankful Lord though many of us no doubt today we're weary in body and Lord we've maybe been through things throughout the week but there's a place that we can draw strength from. When Abraham was wearied in his body and his age was setting in, but he staggered not at the promise, but he was strong in faith. Lord, your prophet talks about how he came up to the breast of one else shady eye and he drew strength from you. Lord, we just pray today that we would be able to draw a supernatural strength for everyone here. Whatever the need is, whatever we're going through, Lord, you've given us your word. You've given us your spirit, Lord. and you've also given us our church and our family and our friends that are assembled here today, Lord, that we are the hands and the feet and the mouth of Jesus Christ to one another. May you just help us each one to strengthen the other. You have testified that every joint supplies unto the nourishing of the body. So I pray that now as we come to the reading of the word, may you just take me, Lord, and use me for my part in this today. Lord, we are nothing without you, but with you we can do all things. So we just commit this time into your hands. Bless the reading of your word, the ministering thereof, and may all the things that are said and done before your praise and glory and honor. Lord, we have made many plans in our lives of what we would do and what we think should be done. But Lord, you direct a man's path. Lord, you place a design in his heart and we're just trusting you now in this in all things that we do. Lord, we thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. If you have your Bibles this morning, we're looking at that book of Isaiah the 12th chapter. We're talking about wells of salvation. Of course, they had to go pull water up out of the well back in the day with a bucket or something like that. And I like this scripture here for my thought today because uh well, we'll just read the whole chapter. Hey, praise the Lord. Get a chapter in today if you haven't this week yet, which you should. Well, it's the beginning of the week. Hey, we can't fault you too much yet. Amen. Isaiah chapter 12 here says, "And in that day thou shalt say, Oh Lord, I will praise thee. Though thouast anger with me, thine anger is turned away, and thou comfortest me. Behold, God is my salvation, I will trust and not be afraid. For the Lord Jehovah is my strength and my song. He also is become my salvation. Notice this. Therefore, with joy, praise the Lord, with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation. Got one amen there. Praise the Lord. How many's come to draw with joy today from the wells of salvation? There we go. Praise the Lord. Hey, you'll all wake up. One of we'll all get there at some point today. Amen. I'm I'm waiting too. And in that day shall you say, "Praise the Lord." Call upon his name. Declare his doings among the people. Make mention that his name is is exalted. Sing unto the Lord, for he hath done excellent things. This is known in all the earth. How many here could declare he's done excellent things? Praise the Lord. Cry out and shout, "Thou inhabitant of Zion, for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee." Amen. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. I'll just for a backdrop here, uh I don't remember when it was probably some time ago. I preached a sermon here. I'm not preaching again today, but I preached a sermon here a while back about remove not the ancient landmark. And so we have different people that come and go. Does anybody remember me minister? Oh, praise the Lord. Hey, maybe I should preach it again. Maybe not everybody remembers it, but just slide that right in there. No, but the the premise of it is in Deuteronomy 19, the scripture talks about when they would come when the children of Israel, they're coming through the Exodus, they're coming back into the promised land. They're coming to this land and they're given a commandment there in in Deuteronomy the 19th chapter not to remove their neighbors landmark or the ancient landmark which their fathers have set. So the premise there when I preached on it is uh in the in the law there was a curse if you removed your neighbor's landmark because that was a promise to their family for that land and to their family after them and to their family after them. And that was the purpose of the landmark. And we in like manner we have scriptural promises exceeding great and precious promises. And we are commanded not to add to or to take away from this word because that's for us. It's for all that believe. It's for you, for your children, for those that are far off. Amen. So, that's the premise of kind of what we talked about there and uh the idea of the landmark. You're not to remove it. It's it's for a person. Amen. So, uh God has given us these promises and that's how we partake of our spiritual inheritance. Amen. So, this is why it's so important for God to send us a vindicated prophet. This is why it's so important for us to have a message. Amen. It was to restore things that were lost. Amen. So that that that that that implies or it doesn't just imply, but it implies that there was something that belonged to you, something that was for you and it was gone. And we know what it was. It was the traditions of men and dark denominations and and men's interpretations that veiled the word to the people. But we've had a a resurrection in this day. Amen. Like they had back there or the third day when Christ rose up. We've had a resurrection. Brother Bram said, it's the rising of the sun out of dark denominationalism and it's restored the word. has restored the hearts. Amen. Not just the word, but the hearts of the children to the faith of the apostolic fathers. Amen. So, we're we're a restored people today. Amen. You and I don't have to try to figure out as as uh you know, I showed the kids the other day. We're talking about geography and you can get you can get Google Earth now satellite images and and you can you've got so many tools today to digitally to look at what belongs or what a land mass is, where there's markers. But you and I today, we don't have to guess at the word of God. Amen. We don't need a certain pastor. We don't need a certain evangelist to get up. Well, I think it means this or I think it means that. We've had a prophet come and he's restored the word. He's showed the landmarks. It's all laid out before us today. So, there's the guesswork is gone. Amen. If you want to know what belongs to you, you can look in the Bible. You can look at the message. You can hear a prophet's words. And you know what belongs to you and I today. Amen. So when the enemy would come and say this doesn't belong to you or that doesn't mean what you think it means or that doesn't mean what it said it means something different today. You and I have an authority by a vindicated word by the prophet. Amen. We have we have an authority as the sons and daughters of God to say no this is what belongs to me. Amen. God said it. I believe it and that settles it. Praise the Lord. So, we're resting on this fact today that we are not just believing a different gospel, but it's actually what Paul preached. Amen. That's what we're resting on. We know that it's what the prophet Paul preached. It's the same thing that Brother Brandon preached and it's ours today. Amen. So, the the the entire premise is the immutability of God's counsel. Amen. It's the immutability of God's word. God doesn't change his mind about his word. Amen. And let me say this. If God doesn't change his mind, then you and I aren't going to change his mind by praying enough or fasting enough or trying to intellectually reason. Amen. Our desire as Christians. Praise the Lord. Our desire is not just to come get something from God to bend him to our will because that's what denomination does. That's what religion does. Amen. But we come to be shaped. We come that we might be transformed by the renewing of the mind that we might line up with this word. Amen. Praise the Lord. I I love how Brother Bram says it. He says, "I don't care if my trousers match my jacket or my shoes and my belt match, but I want my experience to match the word of God." Amen. Listen, if your experience doesn't match the word of God, all that other stuff doesn't matter. Now, I'm not saying, I'm not endorsing you coming here wearing your Hawaiian t-shirt and trying to look like a hippie or that's not what I'm getting at. Amen. But it's about prioritizing. Amen. First things first. The word must always come first. Amen. So, I say all this to make this point. We're looking at this scripture this morning and uh I I got my my girls are actually talking about this a little bit yesterday. You know, I got to looking at this a while back because I preached on it before in Deuteronomy the 19th chapter about not taking away the the landmark. And the scripture says there specifically remove not the ancient landmark that your fathers have set in the land. So he they're given this injunction or this commandment under the law not to remove landmarks when they come into the land. Amen. Which it's talking about landmarks they're going to place. It's also making the point that there's landmarks already there. Amen. There's already something there. And so I got to thinking about this. I'm like, well, I I you know, it's one of those things, you know, but you you know what I mean? You just you haven't sat down really considered it. So I got to thinking about that these Hebrew people, they've been in out of the land of Canaan for 400 years. Amen. Their their forefathers had been there. Amen. Who had been there? Abraham and Isaac and Jacob and Jacob's children. They'd all not here today to promote a new gospel. Amen. We're but we're it's a restored word. Amen. When we when we say we believe that the sick are healed. We believe the dead are raised. Amen. It's not like this is a new thing. Amen. They come to brother Brandon one day you be you part of that new religion. They get up and shout and they they carry on. No, that's the oldest kind we've got. Amen. This is not a new thing. This is not our invention. But God has been doing this for a long time. Listen, God I've said this before. God's an expert on healing the sick. He's been doing it for a long time. God's an expert on binding up the brokenhearted. He's been doing it a long time. Amen. Listen, God is in the business of doing impossible things. Amen. Can I say it this way? He does it on the daily. Amen. It's it's just part and parcel what he does. Praise the Lord. Amen. So these people, they've come into this land. Their their fathers have been here before. Amen. Right? So, they come in from Egypt and they they they come to this land. And so, you go back and I I begin to do this. You go back into the Genesis, the book of uh the 12th chapter in the book of Genesis when God first calls Abram to go to Canaan. He says, "I want you to go to Canaan and there I'm going to bless you." And the scripture says he took all of his substance that he'd gathered and he travels there. And now, the Bible is not specific. I don't know what the different histories say or whatever. The Bible's not specific about how much Abram has. When he leaves the land of uh cha the Chaldans or the Chaldanss and he goes to Canaan, but he takes all of his substance. He takes all of his stuff and he probably wasn't poor because he had servants. But whatever he had, he gets to Canaan. In one chapter later, we begin to read there in Genesis the 13th chapter, the second verse says that he was very rich and his substance was very great. Amen. So when Abraham goes into the promised land, God gives him land and he he begins to cultivate the land. And the Bible says this in Genesis the 21st chapter. It came to pass at the time that AMC and Pico, the chief captain of the host, they spake unto Abraham, saying, God is with thee in all that thou do doest. Amen. He says, "Now therefore swear unto me here by God, that thou will not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son, but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned." So, in other words, Aim has seen Abraham. And of course, we we know that uh a couple different times he's had dealings with Abraham and and his his wife. Amen. He goes to take his wife. How many knows the story there where where the king of bilik he wants to take Sarah as his wife and Abraham's like well listen she's he's he's fearful for his life and he says well listen uh you she's just my sister just just take her it's fine or whatever and God comes to Aim in the night and says now listen you're a dead man what are you talking about well that woman that you took that's a man's wife that's a prophet's wife I didn't know he said and God's like I know you didn't know in the innocency of your heart you did this is why I didn't kill you yet' Right. Amen. That's why I haven't killed you yet. He says, "But listen, you restore that man, his wife, and you have that man pray for you." Amen. And if you'll do that, I'll I'll spare your household. Because God shut up all the wombs of the Egyptians. Amen. Or the Yeah. the Egyptians. So God spares him. And Bill comes and he sees that God has blessed him wherever he goes. God's blessed him in whatever he does. So he says, "I want you to make a deal with me now. I want you to make this covenant with me that you're not going to deal falsely. So verse 24, Abraham said, I will swear. Verse 25, and Abraham reproved Aimc because of a well of water. Praise the Lord. Which Aim's servant had violently taken away? And Aim said, I want not who hath done this thing. So So let me let me unpack this for a second. Abraham's like, "Listen, uh, I'll I'll swear this thing, but listen, you you guys have taken one of my wells of water." Amen. I I'm the injured party here. this is why I'm concerned about you. You not not only were you after my wife, you've taken one of my wells of water. And and so Aim's like, "Well, I didn't know." That seems like a his his go-to excuse, I guess. Amen. But he says, "I want not who hath done this thing. Neither did thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but today." So notice this verse 27. Abraham took sheep and oxen, and gave them unto Aim, and both of them made a covenant. And Abraham sent seven u lambs of the flock by themselves. And Amcch said unto Abraham, "What mean these seven you lambs which thou hast set by themselves?" And he said, "For these seven you lambs thou shalt take of my hand that they may be a witness unto me that I have digged this well." Amen. So in other words, I dug this well and there's a dispute. Who who does this belong to? So I'm gonna even though I dug it, I'm gonna pay you this. It's kind of like getting a copyright. Amen. I'm gonna buy the rights to this. I want you to acknowledge that this is my well. So, I'm going to pay you and you're going to take these lambs. Not giving them much of a choice. You're going to take these and they're going to serve as a witness that I dug this well and it belongs to me. Amen. Amen. So, he does this and he says, "Wherefore the place is called Beersa or the oath of the seven or the oath of the sevenfold because there they both swear there they swear both of them. Thus they made a covenant at Beerseba." Then Aim rose up and Pico the chief captured the host and they returned into the land of the Philistines. Verse 33 at the end of the chapter and Abraham planted a grove in Beersa and called there on the name of the Lord the everlasting God. So what's interesting, I'm studying this and I'm reading this and I've got um I've got the Bible like on my like a digital one and there's a little footnote there in my Bible. I don't know if anybody else has it in theirs, but in my Bible there's a footnote there for the word grove. And the word in the Hebrew is not just a normal grove. Amen. But it's a certain kind of a tree. Amen. It's a tamaris tree. Anybody ever heard of the the tamaris tree before? Praise the Lord. Good. I can do my my biology lesson for the week. Amen. So, this tamaris tree, it's uh it's an interesting tree. There's a lot we could talk about here, but what there's several significant things. It's uh it's kind of a nuisance. Amen. Like Abraham. Amen. like us. Amen. Because you take this tamaris tree and when you put it with other trees, it competes with them. Amen. It'll choke out the life of other trees. So if you put a tamaris tree next to other kinds of trees, because of its root system, because it's aggressive, it will go down really deep and it won't allow other things to coexist with it. Amen. It's kind of like what God's doing with Abraham. It's kind of like what God's doing with God's people. He's going to put them in this land and they're going to possess the land. Amen. God doesn't just I knocked that off. Thank you so much. God doesn't just put them in the land for them to live there, but God puts them there to drive everything else out. Amen. So, he plants Abraham. He plants Abraham's seed in this land to to drive other things out. And so, what's significant about this tree, like I said, what makes it work so well is its roots. Amen. Because most trees, the roots, they go down maybe 10, 20 feet. They spread out. But this tamaris tree, it it it it it goes down some it can go down maybe a 100 feet sometimes. Amen. It goes down way further. Its roots go down deeper. Now, it's a fast growing tree, but depending on where the water table is and the water sources, it might not seem to grow fast. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hope you're all following me here. Amen. Sometimes the growth doesn't seem real significant to you and I because it's all underground where you can't see it. Amen. Sometimes in your own life, sometimes you look at a Christian in church, you say, "Well, bless God, I'm this and I'm that and I'm more spiritual than the next person." And they look at somebody's life and say, "Well, it doesn't look like they're growing very much." Well, they're growing. You just can't always see it. Amen. Because sometimes the real work's taking place underground where you can't see it. And sometimes this tree will grow inches in a year's time, but it's growing down. Amen. Because the way up with God is down. Amen. It's humility. This tree is not looking just to to be like the other trees, but it's going all the way down. Amen. Because listen, Abraham, he had dug a well there. Amen. This well was not just a it wasn't like he just found a puddle somewhere, but this well is somewhere down in the water table. Amen. Where he's digging at, there's water there that's going to be there for a long time. Amen. Amen. He's digging this well and he's not digging this well for himself. That's why he's making an oath. That's why he's making this covenant. This well is for my children. It's for my children's children. When they come back 400 years from now, when they come back 400 years into this land, that well's going to be there. It's still going to have water. It's not going to run out. And so these trees he's planting here, he knows that that water's not going to run out. So he plants a grove there and he plants it and says, "You know what? I know that it's going to be here when they come back because the water's not going to run out." Now listen, other people had lived in that region. And what's interesting about this tamaris tree in this region, this is an inhospitable region. Amen. It's not a good place to grow stuff. It's not a good place to live. Amen. For other people. But for Abraham, it's a good place. Amen. God puts this man Abraham right there in this place, this desert place, and he finds water where no one else finds water. And then they say, "Well, we want the water." Well, they didn't want it till the that Abraham found the water there. Amen. It's just like Lot. Lot and Abraham, they're in the promised land. And listen, Abraham lets Lot choose. He says, "Listen, you choose the the the place you want." And Lot looked towards Sodom. He looked towards sin. He looked towards debauchery. He looked towards Sodom and Gomorrah because it was well watered. It looked like a good place to live. Amen. We look at Satan's Eden and it looks like a good place to live in, but it's really just a good place to sit in. Amen. We've got more technology. We've got more hospitals. We've got more health care. We've got all kinds of things. But what does man look like today? His character is not any better. He's not any closer to God. He's further away of anything. Amen. And yet, here's Abraham. We're going to put Abraham in a place that no one else even wants to live there. But he's going to go to the most inhospitable places. He's going to be in the worst conditions. He's going to be in the most desert places. And there, God is going to cause him to flourish because God showed Abraham something that nobody else saw. There's water down there. There's life down there. And if you'll dig deep, if you'll grow down to this place, there's a source. It's beyond what other things are tapping into. What makes you different than the rest of the world? It's not that you were smarter. It's not your generics, but you're tapped into something. Amen. You're the v. He's the vine and you're the branches. You're drawing from his life. Amen. You're drawing from El Shadi. There's a strength. There's a power down there. There's water down there. Amen. Abraham had confidence when his children come back that that same God that showed him the water down there. The same water would be there for them. Praise the Lord. So we see this, we see this today. We see this in Israel. We see it in Palestine. how the people would go in there and through agriculture and irrigation and all these things, they would take a place that almost nobody wanted to live in. And now everybody wants it. Everybody wants to live there. They want to take it. And well, praise the Lord. Probably what would happen this now I'm going to rant here for a second. Probably what would happen if other people went in there, it wouldn't be that nice in 10 years. It wouldn't be that nice in 20 years. They didn't build it. They don't care about it. They're not going to take care of it. They're going to run it down. Amen. They're not the ones that that that have the the the that established it. Amen. So, it doesn't have the same significance to them. To them, it's just a resource for them to take and draw it dry. Amen. But for these people that build it, they're they're ordained to be there. Listen, if you work a job, you're in a certain church, whatever it is as a Christian, a certain family, we don't want to just be there draining people. We We're not the horse leech that's crying give. Well, praise the Lord. Here we go. Here we go. Listen, we're here for a purpose. And it's not just to take something all the time. We ought to have something to give out. Amen. We were promised if we would believe this word, if you would trust this Jesus Christ, you would have a wellspring inside of you, rising up into everlasting. There's power in the believer that was promised. Amen. And that power was promised for you to do something with it. Amen. Now, you're not just here to be a drain on the economy or breathe the air that we all got to share, but you've got something to contribute. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. Is that all right? Amen. Listen, it's not just the pastor. Each one of us has something to give. You say, "Well, I can't sing and I can't preach." Well, you can pray. You can thank somebody when they do something nice. You can be a witness to somebody. You can encourage somebody when they're down. Listen, there's gifts. You can pray for somebody when they're sick. Well, I hope the pastor prays for them. You pray for him. See, we're all make Well, here we here we are. Yeah. We want It's like our children. We want the pastor to teach them right. We want the Sunday school teacher, right? Want the school teachers school to teach them right. Whenever want the television to teach them, right? Want everybody to do our job for us. Well, I wish somebody would cultivate this. Listen, if God gave you that land, that's your job. You've got something to do. Amen. Quit waiting for somebody. Well, I wish Abraham would come along and get me a blessing. Go find your own blessing. Listen, it's there if you'll dig and find it. Abra, listen. Abraham's not poking holes in the ground, hoping to find something. He is led. He is ordained to this spot. I know God put me here, so there must be something here for me. And if God puts you somewhere, there's something there for you. You don't have to guess. You're not wondering. You've been ordained. You've been led to it. Hallelujah. Well, if you're led by God, Amen. Oh, I hope there's a blessing. Abraham's not hoping. He knows. Listen, he didn't bring himself to the promised land in the first place. He's 70 years. Listen, praise the Lord. I just turned 42 and I don't want to go nowhere. Amen. Praise. You know how it is. You get a little bit older. Well, you want to go do this? Nah, I'm good. I'm going to stay home. I'm going to And then, you know, whatever. But you know how it is. You just It's It's It's like in the Bible when David, he goes and he flees from Abselam and Joab defeats Abselam and he's coming back to the house of Barceli. They helped David. And so David goes up to Barzelius and he says, "Hey, you helped me out. You helped my house out in a time of trouble. Would you cross over Jordan with me? would you come back to Jerusalem? And Barzelia is like, "Why would you do this to me?" That's quite a thing to tell the king. He's like, "Listen, I'm 80 years old today. My food don't taste like it used to. My eyes don't work like it used to. I can't even tell good from evil. And you're going to make me go to the the the the capital. I don't want it. That's this is this how an old man is. I don't really want to go to have my son go instead." All right. David's like, "That's fine. Listen, I'm saying this for a reason. Abraham's not out here for fun. He knew he was led by God. And that's why he's digging. He's planting this grow. Listen, when he plants this grove, he's not just saying, "Well, it'll be nice to have a garden next year cuz likely he's not going to see it in its full strength." But he does it because he's believing in a promise. Amen. Listen, there's been praying moms in the church, praying moms in the message. They'll pray for their kids. And that mama might go by way of the grave. But she draws her last breath. She's trusting that God has heard her prayer, that God's going to answer. She might not be here to see it, but she's trusting one day on the other side there's going to be a reward because she held fast to her profession. Hallelujah. We get all shook up. Well, I'm praying. I didn't see nothing. Listen, you might not even be here, but if you believe God and you've oriented your life like Abraham around the promise of God, God will bring his word to pass. Now, it might not look like there's growth sometimes. You're praying for people don't like nothing's happening. God's just driving the roots down a little bit deeper. Amen. That's why God sends trials. That's why he sends problems. Amen. You be praying for somebody and it seems like they're going through the worst trial of their life. Why are they going through this all of a sudden? Cuz God knows how to get the root down where it needs to go. Amen. God knows how to shake a person. Amen. He knows when you're not close enough. So he'll send things. Yeah. You would think that's going to destroy that person. No, they might bend. Amen. They might shake. Brother man said he was up there in Canada one time. He's up in that woods and the wind started blowing and he said that big old tree there would just start to topple. It looked like it was going to blow over. He said it looked like the thing would blow over. You ever been there before yourself? Looked like it was just all over. Looked like it was going to fall over. He says, "But every time the wind blows, it rocks the tree. It loosens up the roots and they can just dig deeper and get a better hold." Listen, your trials can destroy you or they can draw you closer to God. Amen. Your trials can discourage you or they can strengthen and establish and settle you. It's all depend on what you're going to do with it. Amen. Am I going to fold or am I going to grow here? Amen. He said that's the way it is with mockery, laughing, making fun of a Christian. What it does persecution shakes the Christian, makes him pray more, dig down, get a better hold so he can stand the storm. Amen. Listen, it don't matter how tall your tree is if he can't stand the storm. Right. Right. We're not worried about verticality. We're worried about endurance. Amen. But does the root hold when the storm comes? Brother says, "Now, what if a man's planted by such a thing?" By the river, the springs, nine different springs feeding into him. He says, "What an establishment he has. A man that's planted by the rivers of water. One water, one spirit. There's gifts of healing, the same spirit, gifts of prophecy, the same spirit. All the same spirit, but many gifts. David saw him and he was planted by the tree. Now he could not die. Notice why. He had life in the roots. Listen, that tree is rooted right. You cut it down, it'll grow right back up. Amen. That's the resurrection. Amen. It's not your flesh. It's where you're planted. You're planted in Christ. That's why there's life for you. Amen. Praise the Lord. So Abraham, he he digs this in preparation. Amen. A preparation for a promise because he believed that his seed was going to inherit the land. He'd been told 400 years they were going to sojourn. So he knows, guess what? At year 401, actually 441, but 400 or whatever, they're going to come back. And he had so much confidence that knowing he wouldn't be around for it, he plants this tree. Amen. So I make this statement and uh obviously like anything there's there's exceptions but prosperity is rarely found without preparation. Amen. Rarely does a person prosper when they haven't prepared for it. And you see that now Chuck's not here today. By the way, Chuck said to say hi. He misses you. Just took him to the doctor today. He's doing good. You know, they take him there and they ask him for his identification insurance. He's like, you know how it is, man. We just did this the last six times. So, he was upset. I was upset. But, but Chuck's always like, "You should preach about the lottery." I'm like, "Well, who why am I preaching about this? I'm hoping somebody wins and gives it to me." But so, so I told him the other day, I said, "I preached on this and I was talking about this the other day with somebody." You look at people that win the lottery. People in the United States uh uh and they they play the lottery and they win the lottery. And after five years, now think about this. After five years, almost a third of the people that have won the lottery, they're in bankruptcy. Think about that now. They've they've made at least a million dollars, probably multi-million dollars. And yet in five years time, all the money's gone. You know why? Now, that's compared to like 2% of the average household. Amen. Why is it you could give somebody a bunch of money and yet they're still broke after five years? Well, there's a really simple solution. They're not good with money. Amen. You can give them the blessing. You can give them the water and they just don't know what to do with it. Amen. All they do is they door dash more. Now it's on credit and now they've got credit cards for their credit cards. Amen. They've got big aspirations and little discipline. It's funny. I was talking about this a few weeks ago and because I mentioned that holding with Chuck. So I I brought it up and there's a guy I'd never seen him before in my life sitting at church somewhere. I talk about this thing with the lottery. He got walked out. I said, "Boy, I hope you don't win the lottery. I'm going to look stupid." People don't like to hear that. Well, you're bad with money. Well, listen. If you're a multi-millionaire and that money's thrown at you, why are they disproportionately bankrupt compared to the average person? Well, that's what it is. They weren't good with money before they won the lottery. Winning the lottery didn't make them more proficient with using money. No. Amen. You say, "Well, I wish I had all this money." What are you doing with what you have? That's it. Are you giving it to the Lord? Are you considering the Lord when you Hey, I'm here for you. We're here for the Lord. And if you're not faithful in a little bit, you're not gonna be faithful with a lot. The Bible says that. Jesus points that out. So, oh, if I had all this money, I would do Listen, what you're doing with it now is what you would do with it there. We see that with the widow woman. Her two, she's gotten almost nothing. And yet, everything she has, she gives unto the Lord. And Jesus points at that woman. Now, she's not a millionaire. She's not the biggest giver in church, but she's faithful with the little bit she's got. And Jesus points at that woman. That's the one that caused all them people that walked by that day. All them people that put the money in the box and blew the trumpet and let everybody know how good they were. Jesus points at that woman and says that woman right there, she gave more than the rest of them. Cuz they gave out of their abundance, but she gave all they had. No, I'm not getting ready to pass around the bucket and how you put your wallets. That's not what this is about. That's uh I think Billy Andrew did that one time. They had them all put their wallets in the alt. I'm like, "Praise God. I don't know if I'm that spiritual." What you're doing with what you got now is what you'll do with the blessing. So, if you prepare for your blessing, Amen. And that's where prosperity is found in how you prepare for it. Amen. If you were told like Abraham, you're going to have a child and in him I'm going to bless all nations. Guess what you do? You get a crib. You get some booties made. You get some baby clothes. You'd be going to garage sales. You'd be going to baby. You go wherever. Amen. You would be preparing for the blessing because you believe it's coming. Amen. So I I want to say this to you. Whatever you're believing for, Amen. If it's your family, your marriage, your church or job, whatever it is, Amen. If you're believing for a blessing, then prepare for the blessing that's coming in. Amen. Do what Abraham did. Amen. Prepare yourself for what's coming in. Don't sit there and be like, "Well, I finally got my blessing." Amen. And you did nothing to prepare for it. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's If it's incoming, get ready to receive it. Amen. Live ready to receive it. It's like the coming of the Lord. You don't get ready. Oh, he's coming now. Time to get ready. No, you live ready cuz you believe it's coming. It's not a matter of if. It's just a matter of when. So, you live that way cuz you know it's going to happen. Amen. And when it happens, you're ready to receive him. You're dressed in your fine linen. Your heart is right with God. You've made everything right with the Lord. Amen. You're ready for the coming of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Christians are making preparations. You might not be saying something here. Now, listen, different people make different kinds of preparations because they're expecting different things. There's a church in mid mid to southern Ohio. It's a bigger church. They're making preparations. You know what kind of preparations they're making? They're digging out bunkers. They're storing up canned food for seven years. They're getting ready for uh tribulation. They're getting ready for it. I'm thinking, well, that's if you believe what they believe, that's probably what you're going into. Makes sense. That's what they're looking for. So, they prepare for what they're looking for. Amen. But I'm not making those kind of preparations. Now, listen. I believe your power can go out. If you got a generator, you got some food at home, that's fine. But I'm not preparing to stay here for three and a half years of tribulation. Amen. I'm not stocking up ammunition to fight off the army of the Antichrist when it's all going to get wiped out here anyway. Amen. Listen, if you're going in a rapture and you're starting up stuff for a tribulation, you're only saving it for people that are going to be here when you're gone. Amen. Listen, Abraham's not planting the grove for the Philistines. He's planting it for his posterity. He said, "They're going to do what they want and God help them. But as for me and my house, we're going to be the blessed of the Lord. We're going to serve the Lord." So Abraham prepares his house, prepares his property this way. Amen. So that's what I'm getting at when they come back to this promised land. These are not just a bunch of imperialists that are looking to slay the natural inhabitants of the land. Amen. We try to make them sound like they're just these occupants and they've come to this land to occupy and they've just slaughtered all these people. But listen, they already owned much of that land and were driven out by the previous inhabitants. Amen. Well, glory to God. Hope that's okay. Amen. It's not just that they're there to beat them up and take stuff from them, but most of that should have been theirs in the first place. Amen. And we see this in all the different places. Now, you go back and I'm not going to go through it all for the sake of time. I didn't bring my PowerPoint with a map, but Abraham's dug wells. And Isaac, all these people, Jacob, they've got wells. They've got possessions everywhere. Amen. And constantly they're the ones under attack. Constantly they're the ones that are viewed as outside. They they now you say, "Well, listen, they're the ones that showed up afterwards, but they're going places nobody else wanted to go." And then when they're blessed now, everybody wants Listen, you weren't interested in this land till I found gold. You weren't interested in this church till you found, you know, Praise the Lord, somebody. People are always interested in something when there's something there for them all of a sudden. That's the truth. Well, let's use the lottery again. I don't know why I'm doing this. Let's say you did play the lottery just for this is theoretical. Amen. And you won the lottery. Listen, you would have relatives that you've never even heard of, showing up, coming out of the If you put in the paper, Amen. Hey, remember me? It's me, Howie. Who are you? Oh, yeah. I'm your second cousin's nephew's uncle. I don't even know. I can't even remember my first cousins most of the time. You would have neighbors, man. I've always liked you. Yeah, we've been good friends over these years. You spray painted my house the other day. What are you talking about? You buried a cat in my backyard. We're not friends, but now we're friends cuz I've got something you want. And that's what they did. They didn't like Abraham. But as soon as Abraham had stuff, oh Abraham, you've been This is why when he comes back from the slaughter of the kings, Sodom's like, listen, we'd love to give you something. And Abraham's like, "No, I don't want what you got." Because as soon as you give me something, you'll say, "Oh, yeah. Abraham's who he is today because of us." Well, glory to God. Oh, this ministry, this man who is who he is today, I we made him that way. And Abraham said, "Listen, if I take this offering from you, you'll say you made Abraham rich." Listen, I don't want you to get the glory for it, sodomites. I want God to get the glory for it. God did this. God give us the victory. God give us the promise. And I'm not looking to share his glory with anyone else. So I say this the these people, they show up and now that they want what he's got because all of a sudden, hey, we didn't know that was there. That's it's why I'm there and you're not. So these enemies, they come and they try to take all this. And we see this. You go to the 26th chapter of Genesis later in the life in Isaac's life. And we'll just start in verse six. It says Isaac dwelt in Ger and the men of the place asked him of his wife. So they do the same thing to him like they did Abraham and he of course has the same response. I guess the family spirit is strong here. And he said Isaac said she is my sister for he feared to say she is my wife lest he said he the men of that place should kill me for Rebecca because she was fair to look upon. And it came to pass when he had been there a long time that Aimilec, king of the Philistines, looked out of the window and saw, and behold, Isaac was sporting with Rebecca his wife. Now, I'm not here to preach courtship today, but apparently there's a certain way you treat your wife that you don't treat other women. And that's what it like sees here. Amen. And so, whatever they're doing, it's noteworthy enough that he observes. Verse 19 called Isaac said, "Behold of assurityity she is thy wife and how saidst thou she is my sister." He's probably thinking, "Man, I've dealt with this before." Probably why he was looking this time. Got to give a little credit here. He's probably looking for it like, "No, I've been here before. Let me just check this out." And so he says this. And Isaac said unto him, "Because I said, lest I die for her." And Abel said, "What is this thou hast done unto us? One of thy people might have li have lightly have lined with thy wife, and thou should shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us." And Aim charged all the people, saying, "He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death." In other words, touch not the Lord or his anointed. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So verse 12, then Isaac sowed in that land and received in the same year and hundfold. That's quite a prophet. And the Lord blessed him and the man waxed great and went forth and grew until he became very great. For he had possessions of flocks and possessions of herds and great store of servants. Notice this. And the Philistines envied him. They saw all the blessing in his life. They got a little jealous. Well, we want what he's got. He's got something. We don't have it. Well, praise the Lord. There it is. Amen. Now, I keep losing my place here. Uh, what am I on? Verse 14. Okay. It says this. And the Philistines envied them for all, notice this, for all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father. The Philistines had stopped them and filled them with earth. Interesting. Verse 16. And Abim said unto Isaac, "Go from us, for thou art much mightier than we." And Isaac departed thence, and pitched his tent in the valley of Guerrar, and dwelt there. And Isaac digged again, notice this, digged again the wells of water which they had digged in the days of Abraham his father. For the Philistines had stopped them after the death of Abraham. And he called their names, I love this, and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them. Amen. Listen, if it was good enough for daddy, it's good enough for me. It's good for Paul and Silas. If it was good in the fiery furnace, that's good enough for me. If daddy called it that, and it's daddy's, well, I'm going to call it the same thing. Amen. We don't need to rename it and rebrand it. We'll just call it what the Bible calls it. Amen. That's what we do. We've got this sort of thing today. We've got tolerance and we've got Let's just call what the Bible calls. Let's just call it sin. That's what the Bible called it. Amen. It's the sin of the enemy and the blessing of God. Let's just call a spade a spade. Praise the Lord. So he's like, "Listen, I'm just going to call what my my daddy called it." And Isaac's servants digged in the valley and there they found a well of springing water. And the herdsmen of Gerard did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, "The water is ours." And he called the name of the well Essic or striving because they struggle with him. And they dig another well and stroke for that also. And he called the name of it sitna. And he moved from fence and digged another well. And for that they strove not and he called the name of it Rahoboth. And he said for now the Lord hath made room for us and we shall be fruitful in the land. And he went up from then fence to Beersa. So notice where he goes. He goes back to this oath. This place where Abraham made his oath. And the Lord appeared unto him the same night and said, I am the God of Abraham thy father. Fear not, for I am with thee, and will bless thee and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake. and he builded an altar there and called upon the name of the Lord and pitched his tent there and there Isaac's servants digged a well. Praise the Lord. So when he goes back to the place his daddy was had been and he finds Beersa, God speaks to him. Amen. Amen. I love it because brother Bram says if if if you ever if you ever find that you're without God, listen, God never leaves us. He never forsakes us. Amen. If you can't find him, go back to where you left him at. Like that little soldier, he said, "Well, go back and find him where he left him at." And that soldier began to pray in the dying moments of his life. Said, "Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the Lord my soul to keep." Left him when he was just a little boy. But when he went back to that place, he found that God was waiting for him there. And when Isaac goes back to this place that God and Abraham made a covenant with Aimc and he dug this and he had God as a witness there, God meets him and speaks to him. Amen. Notice verse 26. Then Aimilec went to him from Gerr. Now, Abib is the one that sent him out. He's like, "Go from us. You're mightier than us. We We don't need you around. It's trouble for us." Then Aib went to him from Gar and Authie captain of the army. And Isaac said unto them, "This is a good question. Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have set me away from me?" In other words, you didn't want nothing to do with me. probably meant this in your own life somewhere with somebody didn't want nothing to do with me told me hit the road get lost so I went down here and now you're coming to me you're coming to me what are you coming to me for and they said we have certain we we saw certainly the Lord is with thee and we said let there be now an oath betw twix us even betw twix us and thee and let us make a covenant that thou will do us no hurt and we have not touch thee as we have done unto thee nothing but good sent thee away in peace. Thou art now the blessed Lord. He made them a feast. And they did eat and drink. And they rose up the times in the morning and swear one to another. And Isaac sent them away and they departed in peace. And it came to pass that day that Isaac's servants came and told him concerning the well which they had digged and said unto him, "We have found water." And they called it Sheba. Therefore, the name of the city is Beers Sheba unto this day. Amen. So, after all this, he redigs these walls. He finds the blessing. And now the enemy shows up. Oh, you dug up all the wells that we stopped up. Amen. Amen. Right. Well, praise the Lord. That's right. Amen. People they'll they'll they'll be in a certain situation in their life. They'll go through certain things and they'll cry. They'll look for help from the Lord and the Lord will help them. Amen. When nobody else could help them. And then when they get help, now the enemy shows up. Hey, I've got a blessing for you. If you just compromise on this a little bit, if you just change how you Yeah, that's what the enemy does. Amen. He comes to you when you got something he wants. You know why? Cuz he envys you. The Philistines envied Isaac. And listen, the enemy wants what's yours. Amen. You say, "What are you talking about?" Listen, Satan said in the beginning, he wanted a kingdom. He wanted to be like the sons of the most high. He wanted to have a kingdom. Amen. Everything that he wants, God has forbid him to have and he's given to you and us. He's given creative power to you and I. It's in our tongues. Amen. You have what the devil wants. He's envious. He can never have what you have, so he's out to destroy you. He's out to destroy me. He says, "I I can't get what I want, but if I can stop God's children, if I can inflict something on them, so he seeks to wear you out. He seeks to attack you." And listen, he's the kind of guy, Amen, he'll get you in trouble and then call the police on you. He's the kind of person he'll tell, hey, you know what? You can just do this a little bit. You can look this way. You can do this thing. And as soon as you take the bait, he's the one to get you in trouble. Amen. So, here's this man. They show up, well, listen, listen. We just want to make a deal with you. And Isaac realizes, listen, you ain't got nothing for me. So, let's make a deal. You don't come near me, I won't cut your head off. and they go their way and I'm going to go my way and I'm going to dig out the old well that my father had. Amen. Listen, we don't need a new Bible today. That's what the message has showed us. We don't need another revelation. We don't need a third uh covenant. We just need to believe the one that we've got. The one that was laid out on the day of Pentecost. The one that Jesus died and rose for. Amen. It's good enough. Amen. Just do what the old one says. Amen. We're so busy in 2025 trying to reinvent the wheel and find a new way to get closer to God. And we've got our ideas and we've got our doctrines. Let's just do what a prophet said. Let's just do what the Bible said. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. Listen, Jesus dealt with the the Pharisees over this very thing. Their traditions made the word of God of none effect. Amen. It's not that God's word doesn't work. It's not that God's not the same. their traditions made it not do anything for them. Amen. People say, "Well, I I've been praying. I want to hear from God." Amen. Well, are you listening? See, what we want is we want God to speak to us on our time. We're not going to make the preparation like Abraham. Amen. We're going to ask God to speak to us about a certain thing, and then we'll go be busy doing this, and we'll go do that, and we'll implement our own idea, and we'll throw our own ideas in here. I don't know why God's not speaking to me. Are you taking time to listen? Well, praise the Lord. Well, I I'm believing God for this certain blessing. Amen. But has your idea got in the way? You know, Brother Ram talks about this. I don't have in front of me, but it's in Christ the mystery of God revealed. Brother talking about the three-fold revelation that he had gotten pertaining to the seven seventh seal. He's talking about Christ, the mystery of God, how Christ would come to to redeem a bride and then receive a bride and then he's talking about these different things. And brother Brandham makes this statement and I love this because this is this is where we're at today. And he makes this statement. He says, "God is trying to give us this revelation, but we let so many things get in the way." Notice who's blocking the way up now. Right? We let family affair and social affair and jobs and church, we let things get in the way. Amen. Listen, we see what the Bible promises. Amen. And if we're believers, we believe it. Amen. So then if it's not coming to pass, I I I I encourage you to think about this for a second. Amen. Perhaps the problem's not God. The problem's not God. The problem's not the spirit of God. God's not changed. Listen, if you'll redig out the same well, the same waters that Abraham drank, they're still there. Amen. If you believe the same promises that that Peter and Paul believed, God's the same. The problem is something got in the way. The enemy puts things in the way. What you need to do is not dig a new well. What you need to do is not believe, well, you know what? We don't believe God does anymore and the days of miracles has passed. What you need to do is dig out the well. Dig out whatever is in the way of you and the blessing. Amen. Something got in the way. Get it out of there. Amen. Listen, our ideas, our traditions get in the way. Praise the Lord. Now, I got a an example that I want to use with this. Amen. Because when you look at the book of uh when we look in the book of Genesis and Abraham, he sends out Eleazar. Of course, brother Brandon's ministry is a type of the same thing. Amen. He sends out Eleazar to find a bride for Isaac. And you know where he finds her at? At a well. Finds her at a well. Amen. Eleazar approaches this town and he says, "Now listen, I'm going to pray. I'm going to trust this God of Abraham. I'm going to pray and if there's a woman there that's to be the wife of Isaac." Amen. When I get there, I'm going to pray and say, "Would you water my camels?" And when you water the camels, she'll say, "Yeah, I'll sorry, he'll ask water for himself." I I'll ask for water for myself. And she'll say, "Not only will I give you water, I'll get water for your camels." Amen. And I love to dramatize this because he shows up, he sees this woman, and says, "Hey, I'd like a drink." And she says, "I'll get water." Now, he doesn't have to uh do what some of us would do. Hey, I need water for my camels. Okay. Or for me. And okay. And he's like, "Oh, boy. You know, those uh those camels look pretty thirsty. It's a hot one today." Yeah. Yeah, it really is. Boy, I wish somebody would trying to make it come to pass. He doesn't try to make it happen. Well, you know, I want you to do, but he leaves it in the hands of God. He says, "Will you get me a drink?" And she says, "Not only will I get you a drink, I'll get it for your camels also." And by this he knew the Bible said that that was the one that God had ordained. Amen. Now listen, she Now why is that brother? Tells you why the angel the Lord went ahead and prepared her heart. Amen. She was predestinated to it. That's why she recognized it. Amen. But yet when we read in the book of John the 4th chapter, Jesus comes to another predestinated seed. She's at a well as well. And he asked the same question. Think about this now. He goes up there and says,"Woman, get me a drink." And what she should have said was the same thing. Yeah, I'll get you a drink. But she resists it. Now, think about this. She's predestinated just like Rebecca, right? She's a daughter of God. But what's different is her tradition. She says, "Sir, we don't have any dealings with the Jews." See, her religious idea got in the way. See, this is why sometimes a people a person you can tell them about the message. It's it's it's funny to me. It's somebody that witnesses to people. The the most unchurched people. Can I say it that way? The most unchurched people are the the the easiest to receive what you have to say. You talk about something like serpent seat. Oh, yeah. That totally makes sense. Yeah. It lines up with the Bible. When you take a person that's been in church for 40 years and they're in doctrine to certain denomination and we were taught this way and this is how we always and you try to listen it's so much harder to unteach a person and sometimes you don't know that might be a seat of God but you can't tell because of all the traditional garbage in the way. And so God has to deconstruct all that. Amen. Listen with Rebecca there's there's nothing there. There's no presupposition. But this woman at the well, she's been taught we don't do such things in our church. We don't believe in the days of miracles and we don't believe in the super we don't believe in the supernatural like that. And God, we don't send we don't we're not looking for prophets. Amen. Now, listen. She's a Samaritan. And I uh I could take a whole another sermon and unpack this, and I'm not going to. But the Samaritans, they're they have a they call it a religious disputation, but it's really a political disputation. And that's all. It's just politics under the guise of religion. She's and she talks about listen our fathers say that we should worship on this mountain. Now this is the mountain where Jacob was at this is over. They took uh mount uh Garism there where Jacob had come and dug this well and they said well listen Jacob used to drink all this water. He used to drink from this well. So they took that and they took the promise and it's a it's a religious disputation because in the book of Deuteronomy Moses said that the place that the Lord your God shall put his name that's where you worship. Well, they took that scripture and they interpret said, well, that was the mount of blessing when Joshua come in the promised land, Mount Garism. So, the whole dispute is our fathers say to worship here and your fathers say to worship in Jerusalem and it's a religious dispute. It goes back to the time of Rahoboam after Solomon dies. The kingdom split. That's why you have Judah and the half the two half two and a half tribes. They split from Israel. And Israel, they go and build two golden calves. We've seen that before, too. Amen. They go build two golden calves and the kingdom of Israel they're going to worship here in Mount Garism. Amen. And they do now this this is what's amazing to me. The reason they do this is they recognize that the time of worship is coming and the people they want to go to Jerusalem to worship because that's where they're supposed to go. But they said we don't want the people to go there. They said lest their hearts turn back. Amen. Notice the enemy doesn't want your heart to turn back to the original faith. Amen. Because listen, Solomon's temple was vindicated by God. But they didn't want the people to turn their hearts back there. Even though Solomon had made a dedication and a promise there. So they offered a false worship to stop the hearts from being restored. Amen. And that's why the message today has been rejected in a country like this. They've been taught better. They know better. They've got scholars and understanding. And listen, they can give you a hundred reasons why God doesn't do today what he used to do. But listen, God not doing today what he used to do. That don't help me out when you need a drink. Amen. We've got all these excuses for why God doesn't do what he used to do. But a message has come and showed us he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. This is why brother Bram could testify that Jesus had more success in Jeffersonville than he did his own meetings. Why? Because God's the same. So this religious idea is trying to stop her. Amen. And she gets up there and says, "Uh, listen, we we re and this is the thing. Samaritans, they reject the idea of prophets outside of the Torah." Amen. Because if you believed Isaac and Jeremiah or is I'm sorry, Isaiah and Jeremiah. And if you believed all the prophets, you would believe that Jerusalem is the chosen place of worship. But they don't believe in all these prophets, but they they do believe in one prophet because they believe the words of Moses. And Moses said what? He said, "The Lord your God shall raise up a prophet singular liken unto me. Hear ye him." So they're not looking. They they disbelieve Isaiah and Ezekiel and Jeremiah and Daniel. But they do believe that there is a prophet coming. Amen. And they recognize that there was a prophet like unto Moses. And what I love about it is Moses did the same thing when he was exiled. Amen. When he was exiled from Egypt, what does he do? He goes down to uh the land of Midian. And when he's down there, praise the Lord. When he's down there, they're the daughters of Jethro. They're shepherdesses. And they're all there's seven of them, I believe. They're gathered at a well and they were going to drink from that well that their father had put there. But some other shepherds, can I say it this way? Some false pastors, they got in the way. And so, but when Moses shows up, what does he do? He drives them away. And then he says, "Listen, I will draw water for you." So, they actually get home earlier than normal. And Jethro says, "Well, listen. What are you doing home so early?" And they explain there was some shepherds there. They tried to keep us from drawing from the well. But this man, this prophet came and he drove away the false shepherds. And then he drew out for us. So this woman's talking to Jesus said, "Listen, I ain't got no dunes with you. The water's deep. Amen. I'm I'm not going to get it for you." And Jesus says, "If you knew who I was, if you knew the gift of God and who was speaking to you, you'd asked me like Moses, you'd asked me for a drink and I'd give you a drink. and you drink this water, you'd never thirst again. And so her mind gets to turn a little bit. Says, "Well, listen. How you going to draw all this water?" He says, "If you drink the water here at this well from Jacob, you drink from this old sistern. You drink from your religious idea, you'll get thirsty again." Amen. Coming into church thirsty, walking out thirsty, thirsty through the week, looking for God, can't get satisfied. Never. It's never good enough. He said, "But if you drink the water I'm offering you. If you drink this water, you'll never thirst again." She says, "Sir, I want to drink this water. Let me drink this water." She said, "All right, go get your husband." Well, that was a curveball, wasn't it? Amen. Well, she did like Abraham. She did like Isaac. Well, I don't have a husband. That's true. You've had five. See, she wasn't lying. She just kind of omitted the truth. I don't have one. Well, you had five and the one you're with now is not even your husband. And she makes this statement. Brother talks about this all through the message. We we we go over and over. She said, "Sir, I perceive you're a prophet." And what I want you to think about for a second, it's not just significant that she recognizes the prophetic gift. It's significant that she acknowledges it because they don't believe in such a thing. So when she says, "I perceive you're a prophet." She's literally saying, "You sound like the one that was to come after Moses. You sound like the fulfillment." Because you're doing the same thing Moses did at the well doing the same thing. Amen. He said, "I perceive you're a prophet. We know that when Messiah comes, he's going to do these things." He said, "Now your fathers say uh to worship in Jerusalem and ours say to worship." What's the right religious answer? You know what Jesus does? Listen, the right place to worship is not either here or Jerusalem. Amen. The time is coming and now is. Amen. And let me just say this this afternoon or this morning. It still is. The time is he's looking for a people to worship him in spirit and in truth. She says, "Are you greater than our father Jacob?" Guess what? He was. Amen. She was looking at Jacob's well and there was a greater than Jacob there. Amen. She could look at Jerusalem and say, "Are you greater than Solomon?" And there was a greater than Solomon that was there. He was the greatest one of them all. And she'd almost missed it. But when he says this, and she recogniz it. She says, "We know that when Messiah comes, right?" And they don't even believe that. Listen, that's a prophecy from Isaiah. They don't even believe it. So, in other words, now everything she's ever believed in the face of this vindicated word, in the face of this living water, she throws it all away and says, "I want this. I know that when this Messiah that they speak about when he comes, I know that Elijah is going to restore all things. I know God said he's going to do these things. When Messiah comes, he'll do this." And he says, "I am he to whom you speak." And she runs into the city. Amen. Amen. And says, "Come see a man who told me all I ever did. Is this not the Christ?" Listen, she's not preaching this to a bunch of friendly people. They're not looking for a Christ. It's like, "But isn't this what they said he'd do?" Amen. Is this not what the word said would come to pass? Listen, people can scoff at this message and say what they want about it. Is this not exactly what the Bible said would happen, though? Is it not Luke 17:30, Revelation 10? Is it not Malachi? It's the It's what it said. Yes. You, if you don't want to believe it, that's up to you. But it's exactly what the Bible said. Is this not what they said? What happened? Is this not a Messiah? Is this not the Christ? So, she's let you all preach to me for years, and yet you never showed up to the well for me. You all left. I think about this. I always get in trouble with this, so I'm gonna have to be careful because I don't get on dating sites. But you see these people, they they do all this online dating. It's the thing now. Probably for most of us, that's not a thing, but hopefully they do all this online dating and you know, these people that, you know, they on the internet you can be whoever you want. That's right. On the internet, you uh you know, you've got a six-pack and you make six figures. Oh, people they do this. Amen. And this woman, listen, for I don't know anything about what she looked like. She'd been married five times. So, she must have been sort of okay, I guess. I don't know. And I think about this. Amen. There was a guy somewhere in Israel that one day looked at this woman who'd been married four times and says, "You know what? It's going to be different this time." And it wasn't. If there's anybody here who's been married five times, I apologize. Somewhere there was a guy that had seen four failed marriages. I've seen f actually there was another guy after that. Listen, husband number one didn't change her. Amen. Listen, when she got divorced, she was the same person. Husband number two, number three, number four. Husband number five comes along, looks at this woman, sees she's been divorced four times, says, "Yeah, but you know what? It's going to be different this time." Guess what? It wasn't different. You know why? Cuz the man couldn't change her. She can't change her. Her dad's system couldn't change her. She'd been through five husbands. She was living with a man and none of the men can change her. But she didn't meet a man that well that could change everything about her life. Amen. She just didn't know what to look for. But he came looking for her. Amen. Something made a difference. Amen. She wasn't coming to draw with joy out of the wells of salvation, but there was a man there that day. There was a man that could turn on the light and he made the difference. says, "Don't draw that old stagnant water. There's nothing there for you." Why do we draw from the things that don't give us joy? Right. And then we wonder why we struggle, why we're depressed, why we're down, why why we don't see the will of God come to pass around. Quit drawing from the wrong water. Listen, if you drank the real water, you wouldn't thirst. You don't want Jacob's. Well, listen. That was good for Jacob's day. Brother Bam said that's good for his cattle. But that's not what we've got today. Listen, we need something greater. We need what she had that day. Amen. All this whole Let me let me say that. I want to drop this in here real quick, too, because I think this is important. The Samaritans and the Jews, they had this dispute and their dispute Jesus talks about it. They hindered people that would have entered in. It was a hindrance. Amen. I I for me today, I don't want to I'm not trying to keep anybody out of the kingdom. I want people in the kingdom. Amen. I hope you feel that way about it. Amen. I'm not worried about well, I don't want so and so in there. I want as listen, my father commanded me that he wants his house full. Do you believe that? And these religious people, they made it into a thing to control the people. Amen. That's what the Samaritan dispute was about. And the Jews, they disputed because it was control. Amen. Because the Old Testament idea was, listen, we're going to control who can worship God. That's what the Catholics do. Well, if you want to come to God, you got to come through us. And denominations do the same thing. If you want to come to God, you got to come through us. And they're controlling the place of worship. They're controlling access to God. Amen. But Jesus come and said, "Listen, God's looking for people to worship him in spirit and in truth." Amen. In other words, worship's not going to give you access to God anymore. God's going to give you access to true worship by his spirit. Amen. There's a place that you and I can come today. If we're in jail like Paul and Silas, if we're in the worst trial of our life, if we're in a hospital, we don't have to go find an intercessor. We don't have to look for some priest. We have the life inside of us today. We've got rivers of water coming out of us. Amen. Listen, if you've got rivers of water coming out of you today, then why would you go thirsty? Amen. Friends, it's the same thing as Isaac. The well's the same, the water's the same, God's the same, the promise is the same. Amen. But we let hurt, we let problems, we let things get in the way because the enemy wants to control your access to God. But God's, you know, I'll say it this way. God's giving you unlimited access. Amen. You don't need a Wi-Fi password. You don't need to get a special Listen, it's paid for. Amen. You have unlimited access to God today through his word if you'll just take him at his word and you'll believe it. Amen. It's in the presence of God. That's where her situation changed. Amen. Wasn't what she had been taught. It wasn't her ideas. In that presence, it dissolved every doubt, dissolved every tradition. It scattered every idea of her own. Amen. It changed her life. It turned her mess into a message. Amen. So for us today, I want to ask you for for each of us, when was the last time we really had an encounter with God like that? And and I'm not talking about come to church here and here in the pre. That's good. That's fine. You're supposed to do that. I'm glad you come today. Uh what I would do, what I'm doing wouldn't work out real well if nobody showed up. But I'm not just talking about come to church. Amen. Or even listen to tape. When was the last time you got down in your own closet? Help us out, Lord. Listen. Jesus said, "If you'll seek God in secret, your father will reward you openly." Amen. When was the last time you really got down and just drew from the presence of God? Listen, the presence of God is not just I felt him or I had it. It can be. But to know that sacred listen when Jacob come into that presence, that's why he built that well there. There was a ladder there. Jacob's ladder. Amen. It ascended and descended to heaven. Amen. And he woke up. He said, "I didn't even know God was in this place." This is the house of God. How many times do we come into church or we go through things in our own life and we fail to remember God's presence in our lives? Amen. Going down the road, how many times we're going down the road, maybe you're in the car by yourself or something and just pray in your car. Amen. You cultivate being in the presence of God. Like Abraham cultivated the land he was in. Amen. Well, I want to I want to I want to have a closer walk with God. Oh, you draw nigh unto God. I'm now I'm preaching myself, too. You don't all have to feel bad for just yourselves. Amen. I'll feel bad for me and you can feel bad for you. Amen. I We find ourselves cumbered and and drawn astray and things. That's because we're not putting the Lord first. Amen. Amen. If we would put the Lord first. Let me let me just say it this way. I believe that eternal life is living for others. Amen. Amen. I now this is not a hard and fast this I'm going to take my liberty here for a second. Amen. I apologize. I'm I'm just I feel like I'm all over the place. I find for me, and your mileage may vary, when you're busy helping other people with their struggles, your own struggles don't seem so bad. True. statement. Is that all right? I think most of the time that's the case. I'm not marginal marginalizing what you're going through or where you're at or whatever. Amen. But listen, if you seow life, you're going to reap life. Where you going to sew life at? In other people, amen. Listen, if I get sick, you know what I do? I start praying for people that are sick. Because you're sewing life. Amen. You remember things that maybe you and it's shaking the roots. It's causing you to be aware of things you weren't aware of. Amen. That trial can destroy you or it can bless you. Amen. Amen. And I find the more you busy yourself being Christlike and and putting other people Amen. not thinking for the things of yourselves but other people's things like the Bible said. If you'll do that, you'll you'll live closer to God. Amen. Most of the things that you struggle with, that bother you, that you carry around, that you pack around, that bo, they they they they seem lighter all of a sudden. I'm not promising you a life absent of burdens. But I am promising you that his yoke is light. Yes. Amen. If you'll yoke up with him, his yoke is easy and his burden is light. Amen. So, I want to encourage you today. Amen. God is the same. And the best thing you can do if you want to live closer to God is just start it's like uh you know it's like u years ago when I was working at a place you know I different people go through different things but you know I used to pray for the sick at work. Amen. I don't res I don't resign that for just something at church. Amen. Let me say that. Okay. Let me throw this out here real quick. I'm I'm I'm coming to a head here. Well, you you ever get on the phone with somebody and they're going through something and how many times you've been like, "Well, that sounds really bad. I'll pray for you." We You don't actually You hit the button now. Amen. Well, I I'll I'll pray for you. And you hang up the phone and you go get your Whopper and you get your Baja Blast. You go on with your life and you totally forget to pray for him half the time. Amen. All right. Well, I'm not a Catholic priest, but confession is good for the soul. Listen, I've done that before. I caught myself doing I I had somebody call me up, thank you so much for praying for me about that. And I thought, oh, dear Lord Jesus. I didn't even pray for it. Well, I'm glad you got an answer. And I felt bad. Well, and you should. You shame on you. You know what you do? Here's how I fix it. You know what you do when you're on the phone with them? Listen, I'm going through this. Let's pray right now. Let's pray together. Let's Let's talk to You know what? go do the thing that you should do. Amen. I know that sounds simple, but I'm I'm making this point for a reason. There's so many times we don't just pray right there. And if we would pray, the presence of God would come down. Amen. How many times it happens, you're just talking to some maybe out there in the vest of people after church or something and you and you you take a moment and you if you would just pray, God would just come down and move. Amen. Don't put on the pastor or the preacher. Amen. Take time to seek God. Seek him while he can be found. Amen. There's a blessing there that you're missing out on if you're not doing that. Amen. God bless you. Stand to your feet today with joy. Amen. Not with heaviness of heart, not as a burden. Listen, I I love getting to pray for people. Amen. Because I love seeing answers to prayer. How about you? Listen, if you're a Christian, you live for it. Amen. You live to see God's will come to pass in their lives. Amen. Jesus, you know, he goes and he prays for this woman. His disciples come afterwards, says, "Look, listen, you ain't you ain't got nothing to eat." He said, "My meat or my food is to do the will of him that sent me." Amen. That's what sustains the Christian. You could go through trials. You can go through problems, but you know you're where God ordained you to be. You know there's a promise there. You know that if you you will reap if you faint not. You will not faint. You'll reap if you labor. If you're not weary. Amen. If you'll hold fast. You believe that today? I don't know what each person here's going through today. But just for a moment, I want you to pray. And maybe for your situation, maybe maybe for the person next to you, maybe you know what they're going through that I don't. Amen. Maybe pray for that person. I want you just to pray each one for just a moment for your your need or for each other. Pray for the pastor. Pray for this church. Let's join together and believe that God would magnify his presence in a greater way. Father, we just pray for that, oh God, that you would move in a greater way. That your presence would be we would be more aware. Lord, you promised you'd never leave or forsake us, but we let things get in the way. Pray today, Lord. May every distraction, may may all the confusion, may all the things that we've placed in the way, may we just push it aside. May we just open up the well today. May we allow you to come and to flow freely in this place. Father, for the different needs that are presented here today, Lord, we know they're important to you. It was a you it you had a need to ghost by Samaria that day for one woman. I believe there was a need here today for the word of the Lord to to help a person. Lord, we're not all here by happens. We're not here just to fulfill a religious obligation like those men of old in Jerusalem or Samaria. But we we've tasted we've seen that the Lord is good. And we desire to behold your beauty, to see you magnify yourself in a greater way, to see answers to prayer. Lord, there might be some things we've prayed about for a long time. Oh, but God, I pray today that there'd be some people that could walk out with an assurance that you are faithful to answer prayer. You're faithful to keep your word. Lord, there's people here today like that woman. They need a change in their life. They've tried to change it. They've tried to fix it. They've struggled. and they found like that woman. There's no there's no change. There's no help for them in what they're doing, Lord. But if they could just see past this this earthly realm for just a moment, and get in contact with that great eternal power, I believe you're here today, Lord. I believe there's things that maybe have laid in our lives for a long time that you can change right here today in this service. And the only thing stopping it is us believing that you can't do it. I pray every doubt now would would just dissolve. It would disappear right now. Father, bless these people. Do things in their midst, Father, that you des that you desire to do. It's your good will. It's your good pleasure to give us the kingdom. I pray you just do it now. Lord, be glorified in our midst. I thank you, Lord, for this church. I thank you for these people. These are your children. You paid a price for them, and they're dear to you, Lord. And we believe that. We embrace that. We We believe that about each other today.
