################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - 7.2.25 - The Message Of Grace - Bruce Jackowski - Bruce Jackowski.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-03
Title:   7.2.25 - The Message Of Grace - Bruce Jackowski
Speaker: Bruce Jackowski
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoCH9J7RDew
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Believe all things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother. Praise the Lord. Amen. You'll turn with me this evening to the book of Zechariah. Amen. Zechariah chapter 4. It's just before Malachi in the Old Testament. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, because it was kind of hot, I said, "Oh, I'm a suit coat preacher." But I said, "Tonight, I won't wear a suit coat." But Zechariah 4, starting with verse one. And the angel that talked with me came again and wake me as a man that is wakened out of his sleep. And he said unto me, "What seeest thou?" And I said, 'I have looked, and behold, a candlestick all of gold, with a bowl upon the top of it, and his seven lamps thereon, and seven pipes to the seven lamps, which were on the top thereof, and two olive trees by it, one upon the right side of the bowl, and the other upon the left side thereof. So I answered, and spank to the angel that talked with me, saying, What are these, my lord? Then the angel that talked with me answered and said unto me, Knowest thou not what these be? And I said, 'No, my Lord. Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbable, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts. Who art thou, oh great mountain, before Zerubbable, thou shalt become a plain? and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying grace, grace unto it. Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, heavenly father, we're thankful, Lord, that we can gather together, Lord, under the shadow of your wings, in your presence. And Lord, we've sung the songs of Zion. And we just invite you, Lord, that you'll come by this way. you'll break the bread of life with us, Lord. That you'll speak to our hearts. You'll send encouragement, Lord, and strength. Heavenly Father, may you just be our honored guest. Take us out of the way, Lord, and may you just walk amongst us. Speak to us, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So, I'd like to speak for a little while tonight on the message of grace. Amen. So we see here in verse 7 it says who art thou oh great mountain before Zerubbable thou shall become a plain and he shall bring forth a headstone thereof with shoutings crying grace grace unto it. So who is this Zerubbable? Amen. So if you turn back uh to the book of Ezra and Ezra is situated it's it's a small book but it's right after 2 Chronicles before Nehemiah and in Zechariah or in Ezra chapter 2 verse one it says now these are the children of the province that went up out of the captivity of those which had been carried away whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon. and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, even one unto his city, which came with Zerubbabable, Yeshua, Nehemiah, Sariah, Riiah, Mori, Bilshan, Mispar, Bva, Ream, and Ba, the number of the men of the people of Israel. So, we know the name. The name of Zerubbabible means a descendant of Babylon that was born there, but he was an Israelite. And this is interesting to know because Zerubbabible had the bloodline of an Israelite, but yet he was born in Babylon. And we find out that when when they came back in the book of Ezra, that they came at the end of the 70-year captivity that Jeremiah talked about. Israel had lost its way and God had sent judgment upon them and the people were so blind they they they wouldn't even listen to Jeremiah. Jeremiah he told them what was going to take place and they they they wouldn't listen to it and and every but he he bought a plot of land. He bought some uh a title deed and he put it in an earthn vessel and he buried it in the ground and he said in 70 years he said you will come back to this place and when you come back to this place after God has judged you when you come back to this place God will do a great mighty work. Amen. So it says here in Ezra, Ezra was the priest. He says, "So these are the children of the province that went out of captivity of those which had been carried away whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away under Babylon. And they came again under Jerusalem and Judah where everyone went into a city. And Jerusalem and the walls were destroyed. The temple was laid waste. The gold, the silver, all the glory of the former things had all been taken away. But God spoke to to Zerubbabel in Zachchariah and he told him, "Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, Zerubbabable, this mountain, this this test that's coming before you," he said, "it'll be nothing because I will do the work." Amen. So when we look at Ezra then in chapter 3 it says and when the seventh month was come and the children of Israel were in the cities the people gathered themselves together as one man in Jerusalem. Then stood up Jeshua the son of Zodc and his brethren the priests and Zerubbabel the son of Chhatil and his brethren. and they built the altar of God of Israel to offer burnt offerings there on as it was written in the law of Moses, the man of God. So, if they're going to make their way back to God, they first thing they've got to do is they've got to restore their fellowship with God. for 70 years they have not worshiped God according they they looked at at Jeremiah's prophecies and Daniel was down there in and um the gentile kingdom of Nebuchadnezzar they were down in Babylon and the only person that they could look to was Daniel and what Daniel said but they had lost all fellowship with God they so the very first thing they had to do when they came back to Israel at the end of the 70 years is that they had to re-establish that fellowship with the Lord Lord. So the first thing they had to do is they had to build an altar. So they built an altar to offer a burnt offering as it is written in the law of Moses, the man of God. And they set the altar upon its basis for fear was upon them because of the people of those countries. So everybody that had settled in Jerusalem and in Judea and around in those areas while they were gone for seven years were a bunch of heathens. And they were dead against they they came against uh Zerubbabel. They came against Nehemiah. They came against Ezra. They came they said this is a wicked city. And they wrote to Nebuchadnezzar to Cyrus the king and said don't let these people come back here because this is a bad thing that they're about to do because if they reestablish their fellowship with God, God will have mercy on them. Amen. Amen. And they set the altar upon its basis, for fear was upon them, because of the people of those countries. And they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the Lord, even burnt offerings, morning and evenings. And they kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by numbers, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required. Amen. So that is who Zerubbable is. So we want to go back to Zachchariah. We want to look. So we know that Zerubbabible was an is Israelite and you know the Jew the Jew is very conscious of his tribe and his bloodline. It's very important to him because that's his only concrete evidence that he can trace himself back to Abraham. So it's through the bloodline. So it's very important that this character, this person was called Zerubbable because it means he was a descendant of Babylon that was born in Babylon yet an Israelite. Amen. Amen. So we find out here in Zechariah 4 starting with verse 6. So this angel came to Zachchariah and Zachchariah of course was a prophet. It says, "And the angel talked with me. He answered and he asked him." He said, "You see this this golden candlestick? You see these olive trees?" He says, "You see these things?" And and he says, "Do you know what these are?" And Zachchariah said, "No, I don't know what they are." In verse six, he says, "So he answered, the angel spake unto me, saying, this is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbable, saying, not by might nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts. Who art thou, oh great mountain, who are you in the face of God?" all this adversary, everything that's pushing against the refellish the fellowship between the Jew and their heavenly father, even though it seems like a great big mountain that can stop you and and cause you such discourse and everything else. He said, "This will be nothing because I'm going to do it." Amen. He said, "Who art thou, oh great mountain, before Zerubbable, thou shalt become a plain, and he shall bring forth a headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it." Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, "And the hands of Zerubbable have laid the foundation of this house." So, we see that we we read that in Ezra 3 that they laid the foundations. as rubbable laid the foundations of his house, and his hands shall also finish it. And thou shalt know that the Lord of hosts has sent me unto you. And who hast despised the day of small things? For they shall rejoice and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbable with the seven which are the eyes of the Lord, which run to and fro through the whole earth. Amen. We're all well acquainted with these scriptures that read the Bible. And we know that this was during the time of the preparation of the restoration of the temple. And Zerubbabible was a great prince amongst the people. He laid the foundation of the building. Now, if you want to put down your spiritual thinking, I want you to think this morning. This great prince had determined to rebuild the house of the Lord. And then when he did, he laid the foundation stone. And as we read on further, we found out that God said, "Zerubbable not only is going to lay the foundation, but he's going to call, he's going to bring the headstone." This one man is going to lay the foundation, but he's also going to call for the headstone. And I want you to notice, he never said he shall bring forth the cornerstone. He shall bring forth the headstone. Now, every foundation has a corner and every foundation has a cornerstone. If you know a real good stonemason, we used to first live in the first house that we rented. It had a stone foundation and the the mortar was all coming out. The pointing, this is what they call it, was all coming out between the stones because it was made out of lime and a bunch of other things which back in the early 1900s was very common. But it started to fall away. And I had a man come and I said, "Is this house getting ready to fall down?" I says, "Cuz all the pointing, everything's falling out everywhere. The bugs can get in here and everything." And he said, "A good stonemason, if he lays these stones properly on the cornerstone," he said, "you don't need any mortar. You don't need any mortar at all." He says, "It will stand." Praise the Lord. So, we want to look here at Ephesians 2. Amen. Amen. In Ephesians 2 verse 20, it says, "And we are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone." Now, when you're building something out in the in the out in a field or you're, you know, you're far away from from normal things, people think, well, geometry, why do I have to take geometry? Geometry doesn't mean anything to me. Why do I have to learn about triangles? Well, okay, kids, pay attention. You're going to learn about geometry. This is a rectangle. And if you measure from this corner to this corner, it is the same from this corner to this corner. Unless it's a rhombus because then it'll be cockeyed. But if you when you build something and you put three corners down, you can find this corner by coming off the cornerstone. The cornerstone is the important part of the foundation. And you can you can measure the diagonal and see how square your building is going to be. When they laid the foundation of my house, my house came in on two trailers and the contractor that was going to pick the house up from the crane and put it on the foundation, measured the diagonals of my foundation, and he said, "This is pretty good." Everybody says it's only a quarter of an inch off a 40 foot long by 20 foot wide quarter of an inch difference in the diagonals. Zerubbable will lay the foundation. Jesus Christ being the saint, the the chief cornerstone, in whom all the building is fitly framed together, groweth unto the holy temple unto the Lord, of whom ye also are built together for a habitation of God through the spirit. We have to know our cornerstone and we have to know the foundation that we're built on because that cornerstone, that foundation is a habitation of God Almighty. Amen. Amen. First Peter, he talks about this in first Peter chapter 2 verse 6. It says, "Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, behold, I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone, elect, precious, and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded." If you got problems in your life and you don't understand what's going on, you need to get a hold of where the cornerstone is. Amen. Because he's an elect and he's precious. And if you stand on that cornerstone, everything will come into order. Amen. Amen. So he said, he said, "And he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. Unto you therefore which believe, he is precious. But to them which are disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner, and a stone of stumbling, and a rock an offense, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient, wherein to also they were appointed. Amen. Amen. So, we know that the scripture says that Jesus is the chief cornerstone, but he's also the headstone. Now if we think of that for a few minutes that the seventh church age messenger to res to to restore the faith of the children back to their fathers. In other words, rebuild the church again under the power of the spirit. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit sayaith the Lord. Not by organization, not by denomination, but by the Holy Spirit. God will bring forth the church in this last day. And Zerubbabable the prince with Jesua was the one that was to bring forth the headstone. He laid the foundation. He had took the people back to the foundation in type. And we know that these candlesticks and so forth represent both the Jewish and the church. Yes. So when God gave this prophecy to um to Zachchariah and Zachchariah saw these seven golden candlesticks, it was a representation to Zerubbable of what God was going to do in the for the Jews. But we also know that what was done for the Jews was just a shadow and a type of the reality of what God was going to do in the New Testament. Amen. Amen. So we know these candlesticks and so forth represent both Jew and church. They were the olive branches. The Bible said here in the olive branch, we are the wild branch that was grafted into the root of the tamed olive tree. And out of these two branches come forth sensor pipes going into the golden candlesticks. Now according to this prophecy, there is going to come a headstone. And I want you to notice that when the headstone comes, the prince that's going to cry out the message will cry out, "Grace! Grace!" Amen. That's what he's going to cry out. Amen. Praise the Lord. For it's by grace we are saved, not of works, lest any man should boast. And the message of grace, it's been trampled under the feet of men until it's become a disgrace. Some of them runs out into eternal security. Some of them run into anything. But the true message of grace remains the same. And that's where Satan tries to knock it out so that the church doesn't understand grace. They take grace to say, "Well, I found the grace of God. Now I can do anything I want." Well, that's not the grace of God. Amen. Grace is old. Grace is old as the world is. Grace was first shown to the human race when we had a beginning of the human race. When the human race was first created in the Garden of Eden on that dark morning when that little woman stepped across the separating line, she had gone against God's commandments and enticed her husband to do the same thing. Then the law was broken and the law must have a penalty or it is no law. And the law was the day that you eat thereof, that day you surely die. So I want you to look at Genesis 3. Amen. Genesis 3 and:e 6 it says, "And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and she did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her, and he did eat." And the eyes of them both were opened and they knew that they were naked and they sewed fig tree leaves together and made themselves aprons. I want you to think about this here. It says the woman came to Adam and she told him what she had done. But we find out over in Timothy that the Bible says the woman was in the transgression. But Adam knew what he was doing. He knew what he was doing because she was flesh of his flesh. She was she was a part of him. And he knew that God's law could not be broken. He knew that when she broke that something was going to die. And he said, "If God's going to kill her, I'm he's going to have to take me with him." And he took his eyes. Brother Brandon at different places said his eyes were wide open. He stepped across that line knowing that it was going to cause him death. Amen. Knowing that and when he got there then then he then he was in a real pickle because he knew that he had transgressed God's law. And at that point in time he did not know what is an atonement. How do I fix this? How do I go back? How do I recreate the fellowship that I had with God? Zerubbable and them when they came back to Jerusalem and they saw the holy city and destroyed and the walls knocked down, they wept because they said, "How will a holy God ever accept us back into fellowship?" Amen. Amen. And they made themselves aprons. And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cool of the day. And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord amongst the trees of the garden. And man will always do that. When he comes in contact with the word, when he comes in contact with a holy God, the very first thing he's doing, I'm undone. And he'll go and hide. He'll run away. He doesn't run to this to the place of safety. He runs away. And Adam and Eve, they they ran away. And God called unto them unto Adam, and he said unto him, "Where art thou?" And he said, 'I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid because your law had been broken, and I knew you were righteous, and I knew that you would keep your word, and I knew we were undone. Remember, the first judgment seat was upon the earth. It was in the Garden of Eden. and the last judgment seat will be upon the earth at the end of time in the white throne. But when Jehovah come down, I couldn't imagine that there wasn't even a star to shine. It was so dark in that light little garden that once was because sin had blotted it out, had taken the light from out from among them. And how it was a terrible that morning. Darkness hanging in the garden. I imagine fog of black sackloths. I imagine every leaf never even moved. There was no wind moving. It was darkness and terrible because sin had blatted it out. And there come Jehovah down like a roar of thunder walking through the gardens crying, "Adam, where art thou?" And that's when Adam realized he was naked and he had sinned before God. And he hid himself and he tried to make himself a religion, but it didn't work. God killed some sheep. He took the skins and showed that something has to die to cover sin. And there in the garden that morning when sin was so black, Jehovah come in and there stood his couple standing there condemned. What parent this morning? If you found your child was going to get killed, was going to get the electric chair or take an injection or something and was going to die. What parent would stand by and let that happen if they could jump in the way? Jump in the way of that bullet. Jump in the way. Say, "Don't don't take him. Take me." And God was perplexed. It was darkness. And God's his word had manifested before him and made Adam. Adam was his word, his offspring, his only son. And he had transgressed his law. And he knew, well, if I kill Eve, then Adam will then I've got to kill Adam. Brother Random said he said he said there they were. He said there'd be no more human race. They had to die. Death in the human race. Give the world back to wild animals. There'd be no human race. But in that darkest of hour, in that time when all hopes was gone, grace stepped in the gap. Not mercy, grace. grace stepped in. Amen. Amen. I'll give you a savior, a Messiah. He gave them a way out. When he looked at them, he said, he said, he asked him, he said, "What what have you done, Adam?" He says, "It's a wonder how God could ever do it." God's amazing grace in the Garden of Eden that gave them the promise of a just one who would come through the woman. The woman's seed shall brew the serpent head, the guilty one, his head shall bruise her heel to show there being an affliction to the church, but he promised a triumph. What provided the Savior? Grace. What could they show to merit grace? That's something to think about it. What are you going to show God to merit his grace? how good you are. Amen. What could they show the army expression? He says, "I only want to make it from the pulpit here to make a point passing the buck." Adam said, "Well, the woman you gave me, she did it." The woman said, "The serpent begiled me." One laid it on another, and there was no hope for them. But God provided grace. It come breaking through. He said, "But I'll make a way somehow. I I I will save you, Adam. I will save you, Eve. I will do it." Amen. Amen. You've done wrong. You've transgressed my laws. My laws, they have to be. But judgment from my laws will also have to be executed. Therefore, there'll have to be death. because I said death. And it could not be right for God to make an angel die. He could not be the right kind of a judge and make an angel die for a human being. That still doesn't cure it because his great law demands death. And something's got to die. And the angel can't die. Neither could he say, "Eve, because you caused Adam to do this, I'll make you die and let Adam live because Adam was a partaker also." Like someone said, "Pilate was justified. He washed his hands." Well, you can't wash the hands of the blood of Jesus Christ. You'll never leave this building this morning and go to heaven if you die in your sins. It's on your hands. So, you've got to accept God's grace. Amen. There's only one way. There's only one way God's great law demands could be met. And God had to meet it himself. He had to do it. God is a spirit. So, he couldn't die. So, God had to become a man. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. He couldn't do it in the spirit form, but he could do it in the flesh. Amen. Praise God for God's grace. Amen. Grace that was promised in the Garden of Eden and grace came. Grace came to Adam and Eve. Let's go here to Genesis 6. Praise the Lord. In Genesis 6, it says, "And it came to pass when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto them that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair, and they took them wives of all which they chose." The thing about it, Adam and Eve, they got kicked out of the garden and they created, you know, they had Cain and Abel and then Cain, he killed Abel. And then they had Seth and they had other sons and daughters. And the Bible says and Seth Adam's lineage then did they start to call on the name of the Lord and they had fellowship with the invisible God. But there came a time when the population got so big and that the sons of gods started to notice the the women of men, the daughters of men and the sons of God started to take them to be wives. And the Lord said, "My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he is also flesh, yet his days shall be 120 years." And there were giants in the earth in those days. And also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, the same became mighty men, which were of old, men of renown. And God saw that the wickedness of man was great on the earth. Amen. In his mouth he wanted to worship God, but in his heart it was far from it. Amen. And the wickedness of man was great in the earth, that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And it repented the Lord that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him in his heart. And the Lord said, 'I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the earth, both man and beast and creeping thing and the fowls of the air, for it repenteth me that I have made them." Verse eight says, "But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord." The grace of God reached over in Noah's time. Noah was just an ordinary man, he and his family. But because Noah feared God, he believed God. You know, you can't you can't believe God you can't fear God without believing. How can you fear something you don't believe in? Yes. You've got to fear God. Solomon said, "The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom." Now, just to fear God, you're beginning to have wisdom. The fear of God, Noah feared the Lord and he believed the Lord. And that's what God honored is your faith in him. And then when the fear of God come upon Noah, God called him by grace and saved him and his house because it was grace that did it. Grace, the grace of God was shown to Noah. And God, remember we read that scripture, it said the foundation is Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ is the chief cornerstone. And Noah found that cornerstone and he became a house. He became a house that God could dwell in because through the spirit that came down and dwelt in Noah's heart, he was able to manifest God's promise of a deliverance. It wasn't in the heart of man to build a boat. But God came down to Noah and by grace made a way of escape. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. The fear of God came upon Noah and God called him by grace and saved him in his house because of the grace that he did. Not because Noah was some great big handsome man than all the rest of them. Not because Noah went to the best church there was in the country. Not because he belonged to the best organization. Not because he could dress better. Not because he had more money. Not because he was some special person. But because the grace of God, God saved Noah. Grace saved Noah. Not his works, but his grace. And it saved his family. Amen. Amen. Let's look here at Genesis 12. Amen. Genesis 12 verse one. And it says, "Now the Lord had said unto Abram, get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house unto a land that I will show thee, and I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great, and thou shalt be a blessing. And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that cursseeth thee, and in thee all families of the earth will be blessed." So Abram departed, as the Lord had spoken unto him. Amen. We could call another character where God's grace was extended. Many of them, but we'll just speak of a few. Abraham. Abraham was no special person. He come down from the tower of Babel perhaps come out with an idoltor bunch. Come down in the land of Shinar down there. Okay. So, how many how many children how many how many adults do we have here that are children of people that were in brother Brandham's meetings? How many of us were just unbelievers? Just going from Methodists to the Baptists and and going, "Okay, there ain't nothing here." Just going just and Abraham was just like that. Amen. No special man. He come down. He he came out with a dollar bunch. She'd come down in the land of Shiner down there to dwell in the city of Er. And while he was there, God spoke to him by grace. Not because he was different, not because he was better, but by grace God called him. The Bible Bible clearly makes that known. And oh Abraham, how Abraham tested God's patience. I thought that once we found the grace of God, we were on our way to get out of here. But Abraham tested God's patience. You compare that to Noah's day. God saw the wickedness of man and he saw their failure and their frail and their imagination was continually evil and it repented him. But because God had extended grace to Abraham, when Abraham started to fail, God's grace kept him. Abraham Abraham tested God's patience. God told him, he said, "Abraham, you stay in this land. Don't you go out of it." But as soon as the famine come, Abraham ran off. Abraham spoke of us. God took Abraham by grace and saved him. And that's how he takes you, by grace. And how do we test his patience? How do we test his patience? Today we're up, tomorrow we're down. One day we believe, the next day we're wondering. Today we believe in divine healing. Tomorrow the tummy ache comes. We don't know whether he'll believe it or not. But in the midst of all of that, God's grace, he doesn't cast us out. Praise the Lord. Amen. In the midst, God wants us to stay put. He saves us anyhow. If it wasn't through grace of God, we'd all be gone. Amen. Abraham was supposed to stay in that land, but he went down into the Chelans. Not Chelans, but the Philistines. And he went down there to Sjor to get out of the famine. Oh, isn't that what we do? Things start going wrong and we run off. Well, I'm not coming to church no more. I I You don't know, Brother John. I got I got problems. I got things I gota I You know, things just aren't going right. I I This isn't going right. That ain't going right. And I I'm I'll I'll come back when I get everything. Oh, you Abraham. Testing God's patience. Amen. Amen. He says he done exactly, it got a little hard up in this country, so he went down there. There's a journey down there. He done exactly what God told him not to do. But the yet the grace of God appeared to him. Amen. He kept the king from taking Abraham's wife. Abraham lied. Said, "It's my sister." And we sing that song. We talk about how our our thoughts are louder in God's in the kingdom than I uh we're toast. Every one of you is guilty. Me included. We're We're toast except for the grace of God. Amen. Anybody that's willing to repent, the grace of God will go for you. The grace of God is searching for you. And that goes for you backsliders this morning. Grace of God is still looking for you. If you'll just repent, God's grace is sufficient. He took old Abraham and he brought him back. Remember, Abraham was not saved by his works. He was saved by grace. Abraham was saved by faith. which is grace. You can't even have faith without the grace of God. Amen. God saved Abraham because of his grace, not because of his behavior. Praise the Lord. There's hope for me. There's hope for me. Then we got you guys ought to be jumping up and tearing this place apart. Let's go to Romans 4. Look at this. Look at Romans 4. Romans 4:E1 says, "What shall we say then that Abraham our father is pertaining to the flesh hath found? For if Abraham were justified by works, well, he has a reason to glory but not before God." Oh, you know, I do so much for the church. Oh, that's good, brother. I I'm faithful in all the things. I come to all the stuff. That's great. But that doesn't justify you before God. That is just I I'm glad you're faithful. I'm glad you you pay your tithe. I'm I'm glad you try to follow the word of God. I'm I'm happy for you. For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath whereof to glory, but not before God. For what saith the scripture? Now look, this is grace. Pure and simple. Abraham believed God. How many believes God? You right. We all believe God. It's counted to you for righteousness. Are you righteous? Not in my eyes. You aren't. But you don't have to answer to me. See, Abraham, they looked at Abraham the king and everything. They said, "Well, look, the one king, he told God, God came and said, "You're a dead man." He said, "But he lied to me." He said, "I don't care. He's my prophet. That's my elect. Don't you touch them. But they've got they got all kinds of warts and failures." And I heard them and I saw what they did. and that over there that deal they shouldn't have done that and all this other stuff and he says but God's grace praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We done yet? Let's take Israel. I got a scripture written down here. So he says, brother Brandham says, I write it down so I can just refer to it in my mind. Let's go to Deuteronomy 7. Amen. Deuteronomy 7:7 says, "The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you because you were more in number than any people, for you were the fewest of all the people, but because the Lord loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn born unto your fathers hath the Lord brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of the bondman from the hand of Pharaoh, king of Egypt. Now therefore, that the Lord thy God, he is God. He's the faithful God. Well, thank you. I'm glad. That's a revelation you need to get. God is faithful. He will keep his word. He is the faithful God which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations. Amen. And repayth them that hate him to their face to destroy them. He will not slack to him that hateth him. He will repay him to his face. Thou shalt therefore keep thy commandments and the statutes and the judgments which I command thee this day to do them. You can't do it. I'd like to. Wouldn't you like to? God gave, he said, he told Israel, he said, "If you'll not associate with idolatry, if you'll do these things, if you'll stay away from all these pagan ceremonies, if you do all these things, then I'll bring you to a good land, I'll take care of you, I'll feed you, I'll lead you, I'll do all these things if you do such and such. If you love me, if you keep my commandments, if you keep my statutes, my ordinance, I'll do all these things if you'll just do something and keep my commandments and love me. Oh, God. It'll take the grace of go of Jehovah to keep his family together. Amen. And that's the only way that we are Jehovah's family today is because the grace of Jesus Christ because we would all be gone. We have a horrible time applying the token. We have a horrible time keeping God's laws. Israel heard all the laws. They were so afraid when God came down on the mountain, they ran away. And they told Moses, they said, "Oh, no. We don't even want to hear from him anymore. You speak, we'll obey." That's what they said. And did they do that? Nope. Did God destroy them in the wilderness? He wanted to, but grace stepped up in Moses and said, "Wait a minute. You are a merciful God. You are a God that has grace. You look upon us, you look at all of us, we're failures. Every one of us is a failure. Amen. Tomorrow, we're going to do something wrong. I'll guarantee it because you're in this this thing that's fallen. Amen. But the grace of God, the grace of God came down in Moses. And God, oh yeah, God sent judgment. Everything you do in this flesh, you screw up, the grace of God will save your soul, but you're going to pay for what you did. If you were a crazy drug addict or whatever, you break your body down, believe me, you get saved in your side, but the outside still broke. You still got these problems, that problem, and everything else because of the life you chose to live because you thought it was fun. Amen. But the grace of God, the grace, Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We'd all be gone. It's grace. And now they didn't keep it, but they were they never did come to the full promise. Not that generation. No, not the promise, the one that it was made to perish in the wilderness. You think about it. Many hundreds of years later, God had the same problem with the children of Israel. And he he sent them down to Babylon to teach them so that when they would come back and they started to rebuild the temple that they would finally follow the word of God. And they didn't. They never did come to the full promise. Not that generation, not the one that promise was made to. They all perish in the wilderness. But God fed them. He took care of them. He loved them. He moved them. Why? His grace did it. His grace because of his promise. His promise. Then the grace that went with his promise. They never to come to the full value of the promised land. And neither does the church come to its full value. The grace of God will hold us. But he wants to get a church that obey him. A people that'll take his word and say it's the truth regardless of the organization. Amen. Moses, remember Moses? He was a great leader. You would think Moses who spoke to God face to fa I mean he had a relationship that you and I could only dream of. Amen. And God gave him a simple commandment. He says, "Go to the rock and just speak to it. Go to the rock and speak to it." And water will come forth. Amen. He says that great leader. He says, "God should have killed him when he went down there to glorify himself by smiting the rock." God should have killed him. You think how many times God should have wiped us right out of his economy. Our attitudes are wrong. Our lives are screwed up. All these different things. God could just cast us away. You know, that's what he told Moses. He said, Moses, he said, I'm sick and tired of these people. They're stiff neck. They're they're just they're just bad people. And he says, "I'm going to kill them all and then I'm going to take you and I'm going to raise up and and you are going to become the nation." And they have been the same cuz Moses was corrupted. He wasn't b virgin born. He had the he had the bad gene in him. He had this Yeah. He had this serpent gene in him. He There nothing he could do about it. He said, "You see what I can do?" In other words, you rebels, must we fetch water for you out of the rock? He smoteed it. The waters didn't come, so he smoteed it again. And they got really mad. His temper wasn't right. His temper wasn't saved. He testified to the weakness of Christ because Christ was the rock. That's the headstone. Oh, wait a minute. That was our opening scripture. So, Rubable laid the foundation, but the scripture says that before he laid the foundation, he's going to call for the headstone to come down and fitly join the whole building together, crying, "Grace, grace, grace, grace." It was smitten once. Remember God told Moses over in Exodus, "Go out, stand before me. Stand upon the rock and smite the rock." and he smoked the rock and it brought forth water. So God said that's good in the foundation, right? In the foundation that was good. But now we're way up here now. He said, "Now just speak to it." But Moses wanted to show he had a little authority, wanted to show he had a little power. He said, "I'm going to bring you water out of this rock." God should have killed him. God should have separated him. He broke God's law right there because he spoke of the weakness of Christ. He had to be smitten the second time, but Christ was only smitten once. Amen. Amen. David was really interesting when I he said here was David. He says, "Look at David. How could David take Uriah's wife, the beautiful Ba Sheba, when he had 500 of his own? But he seen her taking a bath. And here's the negligence. Now, she just forgot to pull the shades down there when she was taking her bath. And she knowed the king made the trip through there every day down that wall. Beth Sheeba had her eye on David. But you know what the other problem was? When David came down the wall, you know, Brother Brandham, the angel told him, he said, the angel told Brother Bren, he said, "There's a trap lead for you tonight. Be very careful what you do because what you say is how it's going to be. We're not ready for that. I mean, we're not. But David, when he went down there and he saw her, he should have turned his head and ran away. My wife and I, we we watch a lot of mysteries and I always I say, "Oh, Donna, that was a mistake. That man should have never been with No. No. Uhuh. I've had them women do that to me." Oh, yeah. I've had them do that. I've had the sales ladies come in. I mean, I had an office. They come in my office and I'd go, "Oh, Lord, what what am I going to do? I mean, I I'm a manager. I, you know, I got to Oh, but see, he should have ran. But David, come back the next night. See if she was there." And she was there. again. Brother Benham said she just forgot to pull the shades down knowing the king was going to be up there. And he said that's the matter. He says I don't think women today just neglect that or well they just simply go out naked is with no clothes on. It's a disgrace. They wonder why men blow and whistle. Why? They do that to make them whistle and carry on. They know what they're doing. They got sense enough to know. If you're honest, you know it's in their heart. And when David did that evil thing, his own judgment should have killed him. The prophet came up, David was so blinded by sin. You think about that. God said David was a man after his own heart. Yet he was so blinded by beauty of Beth Sheeba. He called her and she you think about this. I mean just really think about this. What if what if I called you to my house and my wife's not there? He called Basheba up and then they had a relationship. Shouldn't she have said, "Uh, no, this isn't right. No matter how powerful you are." But she didn't. And then they then she sent word back. She sent word back. She says, "Well, David, we got a problem here because I'm with child." And David, like Adam, ran and started looking for some fig leaves. How can I get out of this mess? This is what I'll do. I'll get her husband to come back. I I I got I know who the journal is. I'll call the husband. I'll have him come back. I bring him up. We'll have a feast. We'll get him good and drunk. Have a couple of, you know, couple of cubes of beer and everything. Maybe some tequila and some vodka and everything else. and I'll send him down to his house. And that man was so honorable, he wouldn't even go into his own house because Israel was fighting. And David then said, "Oh, we got to be a little smarter now." A go man after God's own heart. The grace of God, we don't understand the grace of God, how great it is. And then David sent him, you know, and Uriah got killed and he said, "Oh, okay." I looked in Moses's law and it said, "Well, her husband's dead. She's a widow, so I can take her for a wife." So, he took her for a wife. He I I'm showed you what the Bible says. I did just what Moses did, right? And and brother Brandham said, he says, "David with his high robes, his big crown, the prophet come down, stood before him, and said, "David, how's everything going?" "Everything's great. Praise God. It's wonderful." David thought, "Everything's all right." You know, Joab come back and told him, said, "David that Uriah died." David thought, "I got by that time. I wonder how many of them little we got hanging in the closet, right? I got by at that time I got his wife. Everything would be all right. Got the baby, but the baby then took sick. The baby started dying. He done everything he could to save the baby's life. Every doctor came. No good. Finally, the baby died. They was afraid to tell David the baby was dead. He died. Then he thought everything was fine. It worked out. It's perfect. It's all worked out. I, you know, could have been adultery. I mean, I, you know, but the baby's dead, so we're good. The old prophet, the old broadheaded prophet, he stomped in Nathan out. He sat down and he says, "David, how is everything going?" Fine. Everything's great. Live forever. Hallelujah. Oh, he thought everything was fine. He thought he could hide it. But you know, you can't hide from God. He says he knows everything you're thinking right now. He's God. Now to me, you might be thinking, "Wow, that's wow. He knows everything I'm thinking." But tonight, before you turn the light out, he knows everything you're thinking then. And when you get up in the morning, he's going to know what you were thinking then, but you forgot what you've heard because you're not in church anymore. David wasn't in the temple. You know, David said, "I'd rather be a doormat. I' I'd rather be in the temple. I'd rather be praising the Lord and everything else." But he had committed adultery, then murder, and then murder on top of that. And then and then he and oh it was bad. Amen. He knows your thoughts. He knows who you are, where you came from, what you done. For Jesus Christ is the same yesterday. And God had revealed it to that prophet. He said, "David, there was a rich man. He lived by the side of the road. He had a whole lot of sheep. He was very rich. He lived, he was poor, but he had one lamb, and he treated it like his daughter. He fed that same spoon that he ate with. He slept with that lamb." It's just like a daughter limb. And one day a visitor came. So instead, the rich man taking one of his own sheep and making a feast for the visitor. Well, he went over and took the poor man's lamb by force. Took the lamb, slayed it, made a feast, and that was David's passions. He had 500 wives. But when he seen Uriah's wife, instead of taking out his 500 wives to appease his passions, he went and took another man's wife. And then he killed Uriah when she become mother. David didn't know what he was doing. David was ready to pronounce judgment. That's the way we are. We can always judge the other fellow. But then when it's comes to us, oh that's different. That man will pay for it with his life. that old prophet. David, David, you're the guy. But grace stepped in. Praise the Lord. Grace stepped in and said, "David, you won't die." Now, you're going to pay for it, right? But you won't die. If it hadn't been for grace, where would we all be? Sovereign grace is from a sovereign one. Sovereign grace from a sovereign one. Sovereign. What can you do? Sovereign can do whatever it wants to. Listen to this now. Sovereign grace can only be given by one that's sovereign. And God is sovereign. So he can give sovereign grace. Therefore, being sovereign, grace doesn't have to ask anybody. It doesn't have it doesn't. It does what it wants to. Isn't that wonderful? You don't have to ask, can I do this or shall I do this? Can I? Must I? Will I? Doesn't do it. It does it itself. Grace is sovereign. Therefore, he can save the vilest. He can save the worst. He can save the most impur. He can save the immoralist. He can heal the sickest. Hallelujah. He can save a wretch like me. And that's what he did. Amazing grace. Amen. Praise the Lord. Think of it. Love and grace. They're sisters. They're twin sisters. You can't have grace without having love. They're twin sisters. Exactly. Right. Before you can have grace, you have to have love. Before you can actually show somebody a favor, you got to love them. right or wrong, you have to love them anyhow or you can't show them grace. You see? So, love and grace is the same thing. They're just twin sisters. That's all. Love and grace. We can't see one another without the other one. God so loved the world that is grace gave his only begotten son. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. That's just nothing you can do without working one without the other. Grace, God's grace is what saves us. Praise God. Amen. Let's look at Romans nine. Amen. The grace. Oh, the grace that was shown to fallen man. Who I am. Romans 9 verse1 16 it says so then it is not of him that willth nor of him that runth but of God that showeth mercy. Let God do the calling. God will call you. He called Abraham. He will sanctify you. He will give you what he he'll give you what he needs or thinks you need to give you. He'll He'll take care of it. Whatever you have need of. Praise the Lord. He'll He'll take care of it. If you stumble and fall, just repent. Then God's grace will come right back. If if if it things just don't work out, don't don't leave the church. Don't just run off. Say, "Oh Lord, help me. He's your buckler. He's your shield. He's He's He's my strength." When Brother Johnson was dying, I I it was up there the one day, I said, "Brother Johnson," I said, "He's my buckler. He's my shield. He's my strong tower. He's my everything." Brother Johnson, I'm going to make it. I said, "Brother Johnson, we're going." Yeah. Yes. Let God do the calling. See, you can't bargain for grace. Nope. It can't be sold. It can't be bargained for. It can't be bought. You can't trade anything for it. It's sovereign grace given by a sovereign God to an elected people. I like that part. An elected people. Amen. John 6. We'll close with this one or we could go on for ever. John 6 verse 37. And it says, "And all that the Father giveth me shall come to me, and him that cometh to me, I will in no wise cast out." That's grace. But what if I do this? I can't break my own word, right? I'm not going to cash you out. You know, I said, 'How could a mother forget her suckling child? He said, she she won't because that child's part of her. He says, and neither can I forget you because your names are engraved in the palms of my hands. I'll never forget you. I called you. I won't leave you. I won't I I you might you might fail and stumble and everything else, but God's word, his grace is sufficient. Amen. Amen. Amen. For I came down from heaven, and not to do my own will, but the will of him that sent me. And this is the Father's will which has sent me, that of all which he hath given me, I should lose nothing, but should raise him up again at the last day. God's grace cannot be bargained for. It's sovereign grace. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Dear Lord, without your grace, none of us would be standing here. We wouldn't be here hearing the words of life. This is life. Because all of us carry baggage. We all have memories. We all have problems. We all have failures. And the devil brings them before us. And the devil brought them all before you. You you said one time you said all that ever's come before me is thiefs and robbers and everything else. He said get away, but we are your elect and your grace has been extended to us. And we've proven by the scriptures that Moses was not a perfect man. David wasn't a perfect man. Abraham wasn't a perfect man. Adam wasn't a perfect man. But God picked them up. And even in their failures, his grace was sufficient. Lord, may we not ever trample the grace of God underfoot. It's not an excuse for us to just do whatever we want. No, that's not what grace is all about. But let us find the twin sister, too. Let us find that love in our hearts that we can give grace to those around us. Lord, we've told everything that you laid upon our hearts to tell. I just pray that you'll just burn it deep in our hearts, Lord. Engrave it in our minds that we'll not forget it, but Lord, that we'll always remember your grace. We commit everything.
