################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-17 - 8.17.25 - The Believers Appetite - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-17
Title:   8.17.25 - The Believers Appetite - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCGh8bJm_p0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey. [Music] My salvation. on Cal re free. I love him. I love him because he first love me and purchase my salvation on Calories. [Music] Three. Amen. You love him this morning. I love him. I love him because he first love me and purchase my salvation [Music] on Calvary free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How precious it is to have a God that seen you before you were that loved you and went to Calvary for you. Brother Dennis, can you open us with a word of prayer? I want to thank you. Amen. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Amen. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Depending on you to see me through. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Oh Jesus, I'm depending on you. Depending on you to see me through. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Jesus, I'm depending on you. Depending on you to see me through. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amazing grace. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved our rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relieved. How precious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. Through many dangerous toils and snares I have already go. His grace had brought me safe thus far. And grace will lead me home when we've been there 10,000 years bright shineing as the sun. We've no last days to sing God's praise than when we first begun. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. He's worthy to be praised. So, let's just praise him this morning. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We wouldn't be anywhere without him. Amen. &gt;&gt; Sweet by and by. Amen. [Music] There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith I can see it afar. For the father waits over the way to the prayer of a dwelling place there. Hallelujah. In that sweet and that sweet by and by. Oh my my. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. And that sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. We shall sing on that beautiful shore. The meal is songs of the blessed and our spirit shall sorrow no more. Amen. or a night for the blessing of rest. In that sweet by and by, we shall see that beautiful shore. In that sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. To our bountiful father above, we will offer our tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that hallow our day. In that sweet oh by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in that sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in that sweet oh by am I. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in that sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I pray you have that vision this morning. Amen. Because brother Brandham said without a vision the people perish. So we need a vision of where we're going. Amen. Hallelujah. In that city where the lamb is light. Amen. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. How many's happy for that? There's a city where there cometh no night. If we're faithful, we shall go there by and by. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is the lie. In that city where there cometh no night. I've imagined over there and we're free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Here we have our days in sunshine. But we know that the sun shine is upon us now so bright will be changed into the clouds and rain and go to that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh the lie. In that city where there cometh no night. I've imagined over there and we're free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. There the flowers bloom forever and a day shall be one eternal day without an eye. And there too shall ever ever wiped away. In that city where the lamb is the lie. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. I've imagined over there and we're free from toiling care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Here we have our disappointments all the while and our foundest hopes but meet the bitter blight. Though by night we weep and mourning brings a smile. In that city where the lamb is the light. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. I've imagined over there and we're free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Let the sunlight fade and like night bring its gloom. Not a shadow can my blissful soul of light. For I know up there in heaven there is room. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there and we're free from toil and care. I am going where the lamb is alive. Hallelujah. Amen. I've got a destination &gt;&gt; and it's not of this place. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, let's just we're going to change the order of service here. And first of all on our list, we just want to make sure that uh we always keep our sister Donna in our prayers and her family. And uh I believe the uh notice has gone out on the uh website with the uh brother Bruce's memorial and things like that. So just being prayer for that. And I think we're taking up a contribution right sister for food for food card. So to see you is that right? So after service if your heart just uh see sister Cheryl so that she can uh take care of that for us. Amen. We were blessed to have our brother. We we just need to uh lift sister Donna and the family up. Uh he just needs to be her portion. Amen. Let's so also let's remember our sister Ann as she's healing. She had extensive surgery in her nasal uh um channel and things. So she's healing but slow. So we all miss our sister. It's good to have our brother Marty back with us once again. And for also for my daughter Katie, she's uh about two weeks out from having a child. So, we all know how that goes. Going to be whenever God's time is, God's time is, right? So, we just pray that uh she be safe and baby be safe and healthy. So, uh let's just remember the potluck out there. If uh you need to sign up, sign up. And um you know, we just need to be moving on. Amen. So, let's remember all the missionaries, remember all the people affected by the some of the floods that's been happening and things like that. Uh God's the signs all around us. Let's uh just be workers in this late hour for Christ. and let's stand. Remember that uh the word we're here to see where we're at, take an examination, and let the word change us this morning. Let's just go on one accord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you this morning, Lord, we come, Lord, heavy-hearted in some ways, Lord, is our brother's passing, Lord. Brother Bruce, Lord, but we know that he's um up there with you, Lord, and he's uh just rejoicing, Lord, and wouldn't want us to uh be sad, Lord God, for he's his reward. Uh he finally got his reward. So Lord, as we come as a congregation this morning, Lord, we come with the need for those that are still here, Lord. those that are mourning, for our sister, Lord, for the family, for his church family, Lord, also for our sister Ann's healing, Lord, for my daughter's delivery of a healthy child, Lord. We just pray for these things, Lord. But we pray, Lord God, that we could just be in your presence, Lord God, that you can change us, Lord, more into your image as as the word would be preached, Lord, as we believe it, Lord. For it was spoken before we were, Lord God. We love you, Lord. We praise you Lord. We we just pray Lord God that you just draw us all nigh and uh give us your peace in Jesus name we pray this. Amen. Hallelujah. May be seated. Amen. Battle him of the republic. Amen. I hope your eyes have seen the glory. Amen. My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord. He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored. He has loosed the faithful lightning of his terrible swift sword. His truth is marching on. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. I have seen him in a watchfires of a 100 circling camps. They have built him in an altar in the evening dues or naps. I can read his righteous sentence by the dim and flaring lamps. His day is marching on. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. He has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never sound so retreat. He is sifting out the hearts of men before the judgment day. Oh, be swift my soul to answer him. Be jubilant, my Our God is marching on. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. In the beauty of the lilies, Christ was born across the sea. With the glory in his bosom that transfigures you and me. As he died to make them holy, let us die to make them free. While God is marching on. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How many's thankful for that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. We got a lot of stuff that ain't truth out there. Amen. Uh let us just change order of service and uh brother Orlando, can you just offer up the uh tithes and offerings? Amen. Let's just stand. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Come and dine. Amen. Jesus had his table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people coming down. With this mana, he does feed and supplies our every need. Oh, too sweet to s with Jesus all the time. Come and dine. The master callth. Come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and die. The disciples came to land thus obeying Christ's command. for the master who loo them. Oh come and die. They that found their hearts desire bread and fish upon the fire the seek satisfy so hungry all the time. Come and dine the master callth. Come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. Oh to be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless white. And with Jesus they will feast eternally. Come and dine to master. Let's come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now. Come and dine. Come and dine. In the master call, let's come and dine. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. To the hungry callth now come and die. Hallelujah. I don't know. I guess maybe people's not hungry or something. I'm hungry. Amen. Amen. I pray all is well. Amen. Let's just uh stand and we're just going to sing All is well. I pray that your heart is all is well with Christ this morning. Amen. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. [Music] There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little bride rest for all is well. [Music] All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. [Music] There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little bride rest for all is well. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message. A perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little bride rest. Thou all is good. Sing it one more time. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message shalom and all is well. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner veil. So rest little bride rest for all is well. Amen. Amen. The veil was always there but we had to get behind it. And it was rent at Calvary giving us all access. But it took a dying out to enter in. And once you enter in, there is peace. Peace that you've never experienced in the world. Amen. All is well. No matter what's going on. Was it that the woman who whose child had died and uh Elisha's servant asked is all is well? He said all is well. All can be well when you're in Christ. All is well. May God bless you today. Turn with me if you would into the book of St. John chapter 6. I'm so thankful that God is real. &gt;&gt; I went to a church for years, lived in a home for years where it was just a religion and there was no contact with the God. But today we we have contact with God &gt;&gt; and I'm so thankful for that. Amen. Before we begin reading here, let's all look to the Lord in a word of prayer. And my thought today was that um how many has a need on on your heart. All right, let's let's all pray together that God will bless this service. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we approach you today, we're approaching you as your body, a multi-member body, Lord, but here, a local body that we invite your presence now into the ministry of the word to meet all these needs that would be here represented in our midst. Lord, may you come and through your word meet every need. Father, comfort every heart, give direction to every life, deliver uh heal, uh bring joy, uh bring uh love divine, Lord, whatever the need would be. I pray that today through the ministry of the word that they would receive uh Lord, what they have need of. We want to thank you and praise you for this in advance. Father, bless the reading of your word now. We pray in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. St. John chapter 6 starting with verse number 48. Jesus speaking here and he says, "I am that bread of life. Your fathers did eat man in the wilderness and are dead. This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof and not die. I am the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat this bread, he shall live forever. and the bread that I will give him give is my flesh which I give for the life of the world. The Jews um therefore strove among themselves, saying, "How can this man give us his flesh to eat?" Then Jesus said unto them, "Verily I say unto you, except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. Whosoever eateth my flesh and drinkkeeth my blood have eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day. For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. He that eateth my flesh and drinkketh my blood dwelleth in me, and I in him. As the living father hath sent me, notice living father hath sent me, and I live by the father, so he that eateth me, even he shall uh live by me. This is that bread which came down from heaven, not as your fathers did eat and are dead. Um he that eateth of this bread shall live forever. these things said he in the synagogue as he taught in Capernium. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Well, when brother Ron was singing when you all were saying come and dine, I knew we were on the right track that we want to title this message the believer's appetite. And for today's thought to consider, what are you feeding on? &gt;&gt; Jesus himself is declaring here, I am the bread of life. Brother Brennham said in the message, God keeps his word. He says, you know, the Holy Spirit feeds on the word. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." That's what's the matter. One of these things today that makes the church in its anemic condition is because it doesn't take time to feed on the word. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll just get it when I come to church. That is not going to make you become the word. &gt;&gt; And I have to say amen to what the prophet said &gt;&gt; because I think we just we've learned to, you know, go with our our daily scripture on the phone or our daily bread at the table or a little devotion here. But if you got the Holy Spirit living inside of you, you feed on the word. &gt;&gt; And it's just it's time to really, I think, evaluate every so often, I should say, what are we feeding on? What have we been feeding on? Because what you eat is what you are. What you eat is what you are. You become what you eat. Uh if you eat a bunch of candy bars all the time, you're probably not going to get very strong. Now, I don't uh honestly I don't eat a lot of meals, but I I do take a lot of vitamins. So, I'm getting the nutrients in there, you know, for my body. And um it's important that you're getting what you need to be a strong Christian. Amen. To a believer, the word of God is literally it means everything to them. It's their very appetite. Brother Brandham said in the message, "Have not I sent thee?" He said, "The Holy Spirit, it feeds on the word of God." So when you get saved, the best thing to do is to sit down with your Bible &gt;&gt; and constantly read. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That builds you. You see, that's what God did. It's not the reading of some novel. You're not reading so you can you you're reading so you can hang your soul on every punctuation of it. It's right because it is the word of God you see. &gt;&gt; Too often people just say, "Well, I got saved and you know, I'm saved. That should be good enough. The church can, you know, do its job and if I go there, everything should be okay." No. &gt;&gt; No. You need every word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if God gives you another day of life, that means he's given you you have the responsibility of of doing what he wants you to do that day. &gt;&gt; It isn't like you just got free time to do whatever you want to do. &gt;&gt; Now, I like to type Joshua and Caleb as the elect that came out uh of Egypt because they came out as a mixed multitude, right? So, they were not all elect. And God is speaking to Joshua as the elect in Joshua chapter 1 vers8. He said, "This book of the law shall not depart out of your mouth, but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe." Here's the purpose of reading the Bible. So you can observe to do according to all that is written therein. For then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success. You know, many people want to go on with life and try to be prosperous, have good success without the word of God because they see it happens in the world. The wicked prosper and so they just say, you know, I don't need God. I can prosper. Well, if you're the wicked, you can do that. &gt;&gt; But if you are God's, you can't do that. &gt;&gt; He just won't let you. He's not going to bless you for not trying and bless others for trying. &gt;&gt; He's not that type of God. He's a fair God. He's a just God. &gt;&gt; Verse seven, he said, "Only be thou strong and very courageous." Basically, be like a lion that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left that thou mayest prosper whether the whethersoever thou goest. We need the word. Joshua and Caleb were the elect. And God calls the elect to do all the word, to eat all the word, to to become all the word. Now, that's what he's telling the he is not telling the foolish version that. They don't care what their appetite is. Brother Brandham says the crow will go and he'll eat on anything. He says, "But not that dove. Feeds only on the word of God." To the genuine believer, the true genuine believer, the word of God is important to follow. It's not just, "Well, yeah, I believe it intellectually. I got the Ten Commandments hanging up and I'll never deny it. It's not that. It's that their life has to display it. It's a priority for them. They make the word of God a priority. They meditate upon it day and night. They purpose to follow it. They don't turn from the left to the right. They don't they they don't let their problems or their trials distract them from following the word. You know, a lot of people, they say, "Well, I would have done this, but I got this going on. you don't understand what I'm going through. &gt;&gt; I mean, what a testimony. You don't understand what I'm going through. &gt;&gt; Like there's a separate Bible for them or something. &gt;&gt; I mean, we need we need to take God's word as his it is his word. &gt;&gt; And you we can't say int we can't say amen intellectually to the word. &gt;&gt; We've got to say amen in our heart. So when we walk out of here, that word becomes our priority. Amen. &gt;&gt; They observe to do all according to the law. Just like Joshua, just like Caleb, we're no different. We're the same elect of God. We got the same the same hunger, the same appetite for the word of God. To the genuine believer, obeying the word of God is critical. It's imperative. It's vital. It's an absolute. It's not just something we try to fit in our schedule or when it don't hurt us or or when it's convenient for us, we can do it. Or if it's a show in front of somebody. The word of God is important to the believer when nobody's looking. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "My sheep know my voice." And what? They follow it. &gt;&gt; And we know the word of God is the voice of God. Not their thoughts, not their opinions, not their ideas, but the word of God. Too often we take what we feel above what the word of God says. And that's when we begin to compromise. We begin to say, "Well, I I don't need to do this. I don't need I know the prophet said that, and I know Jesus said, and I know Paul said that, you know, but it just doesn't matter. Even if we go to church, come on. &gt;&gt; It just doesn't matter. you know, we don't have to we don't have to really, you know, do everything. Jesus said, "The sheep follow the word for they know his voice." &gt;&gt; But a strange idea, they will not follow. Right? A stranger that will not follow. A strange idea, something that's contrary to the word of God, they will not follow. &gt;&gt; They just say, "Absolutely not." There's no thinking about it. There's no meditating upon it. There's no deci decision about it. I've already made my decision. The word of God is my absolute for my life. &gt;&gt; And this word, I I'll tell you, if everybody around you fell and went back in the world, I'm telling you as a believer, as the elect of God, you stay with the word &gt;&gt; because not everybody that sits in church is going to make it. Amen. &gt;&gt; But to the to the elect, they cannot be deceived. They will not be deceived. And they will hunger and feed on the word of God as if it's their last day, and they need it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "His sheep hear his voice, and he calleth his own sheep by name, and he leadth them out." Out of what? out of their personal carnal way of life. He's leading them into the life of Christ. Not just all the mysteries, but how to live a Christian life right in our homes, right in our jobs, right amongst one another. Amen. It's personal. He callth his own sheep by name. He said uh nobody's going to God said nobody is going to make it into the promised land except Joshua and Caleb. He calls them by name &gt;&gt; because they were of another spirit. God knows your name. Just because you don't get a a call back or a text back, don't get offended. &gt;&gt; God's got you covered. &gt;&gt; God's got your name. God is the I never said, "I'll never leave you, forsake you." God is the one that gave that promise. &gt;&gt; We need to be looking to the word as our absolute. Not everyone follows the word. Too many follow their feelings, their own understanding. Even though the Bible says lean not to your own understanding, they're still lean to their own understanding. &gt;&gt; There's something personal about the bride. They have learned to care about the word as much as God cares about the word. &gt;&gt; That's the difference between the bride and not the bride. The bride cares about the word just as much as God does because and you've got to care about as much as God does. That's the only way you'll get washed by the word. &gt;&gt; Otherwise, you'll say, "I I don't need that. I don't think I need to do that." You know, they they they live in another age. They live in even though they're living in Leodysia, their belief systems back in Luther's age. Right. I repented. I I I I I got baptized and I'm saved. And that's all I feel is needed or is necessary. I don't feel to be some, you know, some called Christian or something like that. But the bride, their appetite is all the word of God. The believer looks to every word for their spiritual leadership. They don't they don't call somebody and say, "What do you think about this situation?" They don't say, "Well, what's your opinion?" Hey, I'm just calling to find out what you think. Well, the way I look at it, no, they the bride looks to the word. The bride has received a message that has opened the word and the believer cares enough about the relationship about God that they literally spend time &gt;&gt; in the word of God. &gt;&gt; They feed upon it. They don't say, "Well, I'll just wing it and then I'll get what I need at church." No, you come to church to find out where you're at with God. You You feed at home. Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's it's a different it's a you come to find out like today you're going to find out whether you've been feeding or not. That's what you're going to you're going to find out if you need to be feeding more. That's what you're going to find out. He calleth his own sheep by name and he leadth them out. He says, "Listen, John Martin. This is my word. Obey it and it will it will call you out of your situation that you're in." &gt;&gt; That's what the word does. It gives you what you need for your situation. Otherwise, what we have is a bunch of Christians that are just living the life they want to live and have an excuse for crossing the word of God. Come on. It's awful quiet in here. The sheep of God come to church personally to hear from God through what? The spoken word. I mean, God's word is alive. God is here. You know, we can fall asleep. We can daydream. We can go over here. We can wish uh we can't wish that you can't wait till the service is over. We could be thinking about what we want to eat, what we're going to do later today. We could be thinking about a lot of things, but I'm saying this to the bride. I know God is here speaking to her. &gt;&gt; I know that &gt;&gt; because he promised to be. It's just if you're not in that vein, it's like that brother Brand talk about so often about the TV waves, right? If if we had um what it took in these monitors to hook up to the TV, we could be watching TV right now because we got a monitor to receive it. But I don't think we have it. But if we got a monitor to hook up to God, we're going to hear God's voice today &gt;&gt; because he's here. &gt;&gt; It's just a matter of us taking it serious and believing it and and going beyond, well, we're just, you know, having church. No, we're we're having our relationship with God is what we're having. Brother Brandham said in the message the atonement um he said then how can you say you can stay at home and be just as good a Christian as you would be at church says you can't do that. The Holy Spirit feeds on the word. That's why I'm glad God sent a prophet &gt;&gt; because it vindicates Hebrews 10:26. Forsake not the assembling of yourselves together and all the more as you see the day approaching. The Holy Spirit feeds on the word. The Bible is God's spiritual diet for his church. &gt;&gt; I love that one. The Bible is God's spiritual diet for his church. And the Holy Spirit is the one who brings it to you and places it into your heart with thanksgiving. You water it. We got to praise. Praise the word. Praise the word as it's coming forth. &gt;&gt; Amen. And every divine promise will produce exactly what God said it would do. It's got to. It's the word of God and it's life. Turn with me if you would to John chapter six. We want to just kind of continue on in the verses here from our opening scripture. Many therefore of his disciples when they heard the preaching of Jesus, they said, "This is a hard saying, and who can hear it?" Many of the disciples, these were not unbelievers, these are disciples already. People were following God, following Jesus. They were in a sermon, they heard a sermon, and they said, "Well, the preaching is kind of hard. It's not encouraging today." I don't know what they were saying, but it they their attitude was not good. Let me just say that it was a hard saying for them. Who can hear? Who can bear this? You got to give all your heart to God. Who can bear that? I'd rather go to a church where they're not preaching that. I'd rather go to a church where I can feel just, you know, so so encouraged by the singing. I I I want to go where the word can feed me. &gt;&gt; Because I I I tell you, you you can have mega churches, honestly, feel good, but never become more in his image. &gt;&gt; Never be no more like Jesus, never want to die out, never want to live for others. Of course, coming to this church doesn't make you do that either. You actually have to believe it &gt;&gt; and then you become it. That's the key. The thing that we have here is we have what it takes to get ready. It doesn't mean we're going to get ready. We have to say, "I will take the word and get ready." And when Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, "Does this offend you? Does this offend you? Verse 63. It is the spirit that quickenth. The flesh profitth nothing. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life. See, we can see here in the flesh and it's not going to profit us anything. We're just going to go out worse than when we came in. But in reality, if we allow the Holy Spirit to quicken the word to us, the words that I speak unto you, they are a spirit and they are life. They are the thing that changes our lives. If you ever notice just, you know, coming to church and but if your heart's not in it, you really don't it doesn't do you any good. Come on. It it just does. You don't you leave and you just Why did I even come? I came because I had to. My mom and dad, I had to because of this. I had to because of that. But that's because the spirit didn't quicken the word to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because just one word from God can turn your life around. One word from God can turn your life around. But it's just like any life that comes forth. Every one of us that were born when we became life, it was the it was the egg and the sperm that came together and it brought forth life. And even though God is here to birth his word in us, if we are not hungering for that word, God come into me. God reveal yourself to me. Change my life. Change me. Bring me more into your image. If you do not have that vision, life is not going to come forth. And we're living in a dark age of lukewarmness, complacency here. The disciples were murmuring. And he said in verse 64, "But there are some of you that believe not." There are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believe not and who should betray him. Now notice he knew from the beginning. He didn't say anything. He knew from the beginning. He gave the parable. He said, "Let the wheat and the tears grow together. Just let it go." God's got everything under control. God knoweth them that are his. Amen. They're still in the congregation. He's speaking to them. He says he's they're still in the congregation, but they don't believe. In other words, it's a make believe. And he said in verse 65, "Therefore said I unto you that no man can come unto me except it were given to him of my father." In other words, all that the father has given me will come and I will not lose a one. 66 From that time many of his disciples went back and walk no more with him. To turn away from God is the mark of the beast. &gt;&gt; It's 666. You don't want to turn back from the word. He said he would forgive every sin except the the the the sin of um Say it again, blasphemy, rejecting the Holy Ghost. Well, the Holy Ghost is the living word &gt;&gt; and it's much more dangerous than what we realize. &gt;&gt; Then said Jesus unto his own elect, the 12, will you go? Will you also go away? He says, I I want you to take a stand with the word. Be with the word or without the word. Take take your pick. Jesus said, I'd rather have you hold or hot or cold. Make a decision. Choose you this day whom you'll serve, the word or your will. Will you also go away? Then Simon Peter answered, "Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou has the words of eternal life." Now notice what we're feeding on. "And we believe and are sure that thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered them, "Have not I chosen you 12, and one of you is a devil?" And he spake Judas and Scarat the son of Simon, for he it is that which uh that should betray him, being one of the 12 right in the congregation right to the end. You know, God is not afraid of anything. He is not afraid of a devil. He's not afraid of someone who just is going to betray him, taught behind his back. He's not afraid of it. He's not moved by it because God knows who he is and the elect knows who she is. &gt;&gt; Vengeance belongs to God. He'll take care of it. Paul told Timothy, "Nevertheless, the foundation of God stand sure having this seal. The Lord knoweth them that are his, and let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity." If we're going to say we're a believer, then we need to make sure we're following the word. Following the word is not just going to church. That is I, if I'm not mistaken, that's just in a few few a few little places in this Bible. There's a whole lot more to the good book. &gt;&gt; Amen. The B said the way of a true prophet. He says if the Holy Spirit is in you, it only feeds on the word. So a believer must make sure he's feeding on the word daily. Brother Brand says if you want to get become more spiritual, read your Bible and pray daily. It it'll get you where you got to get to. I believe this word is what's carrying us to our to our Isaac. &gt;&gt; I believe that with all my heart. John chapter 10 verse 25. Jesus answered them says, "I told you and you believe not. The works that I I I do in my father's name. They bear witness of me. But you believe not because you are not of my sheep as I said unto you." Now, here's a real scary scripture. a real scary scripture. If we don't take the word of God seriously, that is Jesus saying you're you you are not of my sheep. That's how important it is to make sure that we're following the word. Because if Jesus could come out and just say, "Hey, you're not in my sheep." I He doesn't want everybody He's not going to tell everybody you're my sheep just because, you know, to make him feel good. The thing is we can distinguish. He says, "Come on, you know them by their fruits." Right? Jesus said, "You'll know them by their fruits." So, we're we're fruit inspectors today. &gt;&gt; My sheep hear my voice. I know them. Verse 27 says, "My sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow the word of God." the voice and and you know we can't can you imagine that we we had to depend on hearing an audible voice from God all the time like can you imagine me standing up here and saying well this morning when I was praying at 5:00 in the morning God came in an audible voice and he spoke all these things that I'm speaking to you today or can you imagine you getting up in the morning and you can't go to work and you can't make do anything until you hear the literal voice of God. We have the word of God. It is the voice of God. &gt;&gt; But it needs to become alive to us. &gt;&gt; Many people read this book, they're going to hell. &gt;&gt; But how many can read this book and say, "Even though I don't hear literally, I hear with my heart that this is God speaking to me." Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't know about my sister, my brother, my father, my mother, my child. I don't know about them. &gt;&gt; But for me, I accept this is God personally speaking to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Verse 28. And I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. What a comfort right there. Just follow God. Nobody's going to pluck you out. My father which gave them me is greater than all and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. I and my father are one. As we follow the word each time we come to church, then we become one with God. &gt;&gt; But to go ahead and come to church and not follow what we hear, you're we're not becoming one with God. Brother Brandham says you're either closer to God or further away. You can get so far away from God that you're actually comfortable being away. That's shocking. That That is shocking. Like it's okay if you're not feeding on the word of God. You can literally get to a place seriously, you can go so long without eating that you don't even care about eating. Yeah. All right. Remember how just before Jesus went to to Calvary, he gave an important message and I might uh share this down the road. What was the main message that Jesus gave to his disciples before he went to the Garden of Gethsemane? That that his disciples would be one with him as Jesus was with the father. That was the last message they gave. It was an important message. I want you to think about this was the same message that Brother Bruce left us his last message. Same one that Jesus gave, brother Bruce gave. And I want to just read a few verses here in St. John chapter 17 verse 20. Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word. In other words, God has a five-fold ministry that he gives us the word &gt;&gt; that they all may be one. God wants us to be one. Put away the differences. Put away I don't have to humble yourself. Become one with God. That they all may be one as thou Father art in me and I in thee. That they also may be one in us. that the world may believe that thou has sent me and that the glory which thou gavest me I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. See that was a strong message that Jesus wanted his disciples to have in so much that this became his prayer his prayer with his disciples. &gt;&gt; That's what I want to leave you with. And he goes and he he leaves that and then his prayer is God um if it's possible let this cup pass for me but nevertheless not my will but thy will be done but before that to carry on his part his concern was for the body &gt;&gt; and that they would become one notice when brother Brandan goes beyond the curtain of time he describes that place as perfect love that they were all coming up and saying my precious other that they were all expressing thank God you came and gave us the word so we could be here. So this oneness as we come one with the word you automatically have love one for another. You automatically are living for one. You automatically are concerned about one another &gt;&gt; because that the word is concerned about you. It died at Calvary. &gt;&gt; Now you become the word. You become the same God to others as Jesus was to you. the very same thing. You're his you're you you you're you're his ambassadors. You're his representative. You're his disciples. You're just like him. Amen. In verse, what verse are we on? 23. I thought so. And I in them and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one, and that the world may know that thou has sent me and has loved them as thou has loved me. God loves us the same as he loved Jesus. Isn't that beautiful? In the message, Queen of Sheba, brother B says, God intends the Holy Spirit to lead the church. That's our leader. That's the one that was sent to us. And we're to be dominated by him. I like that word. We're to be dominated by him. And him alone, brother Bram says, that directs us. Then we stay in that word level in the word balanced as as brother uh George would say the Holy Spirit feeds you sheep food and sheep food is the Bible &gt;&gt; and it feeds on the Holy Spirit. The soul that's hungering for God feeds on the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you, I think we need to get rid of a little bit of our anemic situation &gt;&gt; and start feeding on the word of God more. Don't just give God a little bit and think, well, that's enough. That is not enough to become him. You we need like every word of God. We got to hunger for every word of God. We got to become every word of God so we can manifest that life to others. Amen. All right. John chapter 15 verse number three. submission or obedience to the word of God is the only thing that can bring oneness with God. So, we got to abide in the word. And that's what we're going to get into here for a little bit. Abiding. John 15:3 says, "Now you are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you." Now, I I remember going to a church and in that church, um, Brother Marty, what they would do is they would take this water and they'd sprinkle it on you and you'd become like clean through this holy water. But that's not what Jesus said. It's the word that cleanses us. So, I'll say it like this. It's not coming to church and hearing the word of God sprinkle on your ears. It's you taking the word in your heart and saying, "Lord, I love that word that you just gave me." &gt;&gt; And that word cleanses you. Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can you except you abide in me. Now, I don't know if you've ever done I'm sure you've done this. How many has ever uh by mistake by mistake broken off a a limb or a flower to a plant? By mistake. Okay. Now, what is the first thing that you think? Oh, no. It's going to die. It's not going to make it. And I I've done it a number of times and I've not wanted to tell Sher I did it. So, I'll go cut it. put it and say, "Here's a flower I picked for you." But in reality, if we don't stay abiding in the word, we're we're not going to be able to bring forth the life of Christ. &gt;&gt; It's just impossible. I mean, so many churches are out there that there's a form of godliness. &gt;&gt; But they have no power to overcome. They have no power to to work through things. They have no power to become in the image of Jesus Christ. They they didn't go on to get deity. They didn't go on to get the Holy Ghost, which is the living word of God. &gt;&gt; We can't, you know, Brother Brandham, you can go to a college for five years or however many years and get all these degrees that you can plaster a wall with it and still not have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. But if you are just sincere and honest in your heart and not for five minutes, but if you get on your if you're if you're sincere from here on out and you get on your knees for five minutes, more can be done in that five minutes than all your effort trying to learn about God. All right. Verse five. I am the vine. You are the branches. He that abideth me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me can do nothing. And if a man abide not in me is cast forth as a branch and is withered and men gather them and cast them into the fire and they are burned. So that's eventually going to happen, don't you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. But you have to abide in the word. The word must abide in you. Jesus' commandment is for the word to abide, not to visit you and and not just to be in your mind because because your mind is like uh you know what your mind is? It's like watching a show. What is going to happen next? What's the next episode? There's nothing solid. That's why we need the mind of Christ. The word must abide in the heart. Not just the word visit us. Not we just visit the word. Not just hear it in some song or you know somebody sends us a quote on the phone. We've got to abide. There's a difference between abiding and just visiting. Like if any of you came over to our house, you would be visiting. But I am the only one here in this room anyways that abides there, right? But I'm telling you, I will share it if you come and you want to pay the taxes and stuff like that. Now, in the ark of the covenant, the ark always was abiding in the camp of the Hebrews. Wherever the pillar of fire led them at night, the covenant went with them. They just picked up the the covenant. It went in in the daytime when the the pillar of the cloud went, they picked up and and the ark of the covenant went with them. So the ark of the covenant always abided with God's people. Always. They never left it. Now, inside the ark of the covenant contain three things. The Ten Commandments, Aaron's rod, and the the pot of mana. And you dare not touch the ark or you would die because the covenant inside the covenant was the very life of God and you just couldn't go up there and you know do whatever you wanted to do. Now Aaron's rod was always budding. You know, you just we could take any stick that we want from a tree and throw it in a box and I'm telling you, life is not going to come forth from it. &gt;&gt; But Aaron's rod always had life. It was bearing fruit, flowers, almonds. It was there. You when it opened up, it was just as if it just got picked. And it's because the life of God was in it. Now, the mana that was in the pot, that never got spoiled. It never got mold on it. It never stank. It was just as fresh as it came out of the oven. And why was it? How could it be kept that way in this wooden box that was overlaid with gold inside and out? And it was because the life of God was in there. And that ark is nothing but a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a type of the believer today where there's literally wood, this humanity, but it needs to be overlaid with gold inside and out. Come by me gold tried in the fire. Get your life wrapped around me inside of you, outside, Jesus on the inside, working on the outside where we're becoming all Christ. Then the life of God is there. It's no longer a form of godliness, but you truly got joy. &gt;&gt; You've got peace. You've got love. You don't have to have everything worked out right. &gt;&gt; All you need is God. You got everything. &gt;&gt; I got Jesus. I got it all. When Jesus walked the earth, he was the ark of the covenant to man. Much could be said here, but inside of Jesus was life. Turn with me if you would to Hebrews chapter 8:7. For if the first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for a second. So, the ark of the covenant, God, the bride has a covenant with God that nobody else has. Think about that. Um, now we could almost say it's like a deed. Going out on a limb here because this is um or if I could say like this a will. A will. So like sometimes when uh a family member passes away, a mother or father, um you may have something that would be willed to you because they're no longer alive and it's given to you. And and a lot people had that that benefit. I didn't have that benefit when my dad died. I actually had to help pay for him to get buried. But uh it becomes yours. And so the bride has a covenant with God that they get something that everybody else don't get. And so he he he makes a covenant. He tries to give it to everybody. He said, "This is my will. Here's the covenant. You keep my word, I'll give you eternal life." He says it to everybody, but obviously nobody could keep it. Not a person. All our sinners come short of the glory of God. But God gives something to the bride. Now what he gives to the bride is what allows them to keep the covenant. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; All right. So the first covenant had if the first covenant had been faultless, then should no place have been sought for another covenant, a second. for finding fault with them. He saith, Behold, the days come, sayeth the Lord, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah, not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand, led them out of Egypt, the land of Egypt, because they continued not in my covenant, and I regarded them not, sayeth the Lord. So, as soon as you leave the word, don't expect God to go with you. For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, sayeth the Lord. I will put my laws into their mind, and I will write them in their hearts, and I will be to them a god, and they shall be to me a people. So, this is why we should come to the altar and seek more of the Holy Ghost. I can't say it any simpler than that. The Holy Ghost is literally the living word of God. And what the devil is offering the church is an intellectual word of God. You know, you don't have to put your heart into it. You know, just intellectually receive the word and that and feel good about it that you understand it. But never take time to see am I living this word when I leave. But God will not come in unless we want him to come in. What a what a beautiful God we serve. He doesn't force himself in. Can you imagine him forcing himself in on one person? They they would be so upset. Get out of here. What are you doing? I don't I don't want this. I don't want to be a Christian. I want to go live in the world. What are you doing? So he waits till somebody wants him more than they want anything else. You shall seek me and find me when you search for me with all your heart. He'll put himself inside of you if you really want him. All right. Verse 11. Now notice what's going to happen when he puts the laws inside of you. And they shall not and they shall not teach every man his neighbor and everyone his brother, saying, "Know the Lord, for all shall know me from the least to the greatest." So what is he saying right here? When you truly have God inside of you, you don't got to be taught everything. What h what happened in Africa when the Holy Spirit came down and all those naked women As soon as the Holy Ghost came down in their midst, something inside of them said, "Cover." And this is what happens when you receive the Holy Ghost. You have no need that any man teach you, but the Holy Spirit inside you teaches you all things. &gt;&gt; Now, we have a five-fold ministry. We need that. But the five-fold ministry is teaching us that the Holy Ghost is all that we need to make it. For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness and to their sins and to their iniquities will I remember no more. In that he saith a new covenant. He made the first old. Now that which decayth and waxth old is ready to vanish away. We're no longer depending upon the ability to keep God's word in our own self. It will will certainly fail. Ezekiel 11:19 kind of verifying this is I will give them a new heart and I will put my I will put a new spirit within you and I will take out oh how beautiful and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh and I will give them a heart of flesh. I remember, brother Ron, Brother Marty, when I was young, I was something to be reckoned with. You didn't want to get me mad. But God took out that heart and gave a heart that's full of love. That is okay. If it doesn't get its way, it's going to be okay. That can't live peaceably with all men, that can't live for others. That's all God's doing. He's the one that put that spirit in. I never went to some classes and learned how to be a good boy. Verse 20. That they may walk in my statutes. Notice what he's doing it for. that they may walk in my statutes and keep my ordinances and do them, and they shall be my people, and I will be their God. The purpose that God gives you, the Holy Ghost, is so that you can follow the word. And if you are, if you if you're predestinated, if you're predestinated, you will become the word. And if you're not predestinated to the word, you cannot become the word. So to me, instead of gambling, taking chances, get serious about hungering, thirsting for for more of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Brand said in the message, questions and answers, law having a shadow. He says, "Now when a man's speaking or preaching up here at the platform or a message is going forth, if the man is of God, he's anointed of the spirit to preach the word." And that's the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is moving there. That's just your gift there trying to get you started. But the Holy Spirit is coming through the word and the Holy Spirit will always the Holy Spirit feeds on the word of God and it will recognize the word and be what? Reverent. It'll be reverent. And then when the time comes when the Holy Spirit has left the platform has has left the platform off, the minister comes out of there, then you're in order. I believe God is a God of order. He's not a God of confusion. He's a God that takes confusion and brings order. He's not afraid of confusion. He's not intimidated by confusion. He can take a situation and he can make all things beautiful in his time. Jesus said, "If you abide in me, my words abide in. You shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you." We need to eat daily the bread of life. When Jesus taught his disciples to pray, he said, "Give us this day our daily bread." We need we need the word of God spoken to our heart personally. I mean, we can we can we can go on through the course of the day. How many has ever gone through the course of the day and you didn't pray? Come on, be honest. Who Who's lying here? Okay, all the liars, lift your hands now. Okay, now when when we've gone when we've notice I'm including myself in this group. When we've gone on through the day, um it doesn't mean the car blew up and we had to get a new engine. We we we literally made it through the day and and and and if you do it enough, you know what the devil tells you? What's the big deal about praying? You can make it without it. And and before you know it, you become laxed in prayer. And then what you're doing is you're slowly separating yourself from the vine. And then you're just out in the world before you ever before you ever came to Christ just kind of making it through without Christ. So it can be done and it seems reasonable but it's death. It's absolutely death. So we can try in ourselves to be the best Christian or we can focus our efforts on falling in love with God, eating the bread of life, getting the word inside the ark. Amen. which is our heart. When we seek the Holy Spirit, we're seeking the living word of God, not just well, you know, what's Brother John gonna say today. You know, can we talk about can we remember what was said in the sermon today? I think what's important is did God speak to us? So, when we seek the Holy Spirit, we're seeking the living word of God. We come to church not to hear a sermon. we come to church that God speaks to us. Personally, I think every one of us should be able to go home after every service and say, "This is what God spoke to me." I think we should all be able to say that. And if we can't do that, I think we should be practicing it. &gt;&gt; Lord, um, help me to pay attention. Help me to to hear from you because I'm sure we could all go home and say what we've heard, some things that we heard, but what did God speak to us personally? That's really more important. I'd rather have God speak to me one word than to be able to quote the whole sermon because that one word is personal between God and me. And if that's where God's at, that's where I want to be. I want to focus on that. If the word remains in our minds alone, it will not produce life. It will not bud forth the fruit of the Holy Ghost. It will not produce Galatians 5:22. It will not keep God's commandments. So the word must enter our hearts. It must abide there. Psalms 1 verse1 says, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor standeth in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law doth he meditate day and night." There it is. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaf also shall not wither. and whatsoever he doeth, it shall prosper. The ungodly are not so, but they are like the chaff of the wind with the chaff which the wind driveth away. God has a way of separating the lawless and the uncaring and the ungodly from the believer. Those who choose not to have God's law living in their heart. Those who choose their own will above God's will for their lives, they are like the chaff which the wind driveth away. &gt;&gt; Basically, our will is sinking sand. Therefore, the ungodly, verse 5 says, shall not stand in judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. Now, that word stand, the ungodly shall not stand in judgment. We're all going to judgment. That's not what that means. That word stand means abide. The ungodly shall not abide in judgment. In other words, they're going to be judged and sent. The bride will remain. The bride remains at judgment. For the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. It shall come to an end. So the man who delights himself in the word of God, he never withers and he always prospers whatever he does. Wow. You know what? That sounds to me like wisdom. &gt;&gt; But the ungodly are not so. They are lawless. They're uncontrollable. They are their own god. Their lives are never planted. They're tossed to and fro. Peter said they're barren, unfruitful, blind, cannot see a far off, and have forgotten that their old that they were purged from their own sins. Jude said it like this. They they were before of old ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of God into lasciviousness and denying the only Lord God and the Lord Jesus Christ. That word lascivious means uncontrollable wantingness. &gt;&gt; Like every day want want not thinking about God's will now, but they want uncontrollable wantness. It refers to a you look this word up. It refers to a lack of moral restraint. It disregards legal standards, rules, or proper boundaries. It just defies them. It does not care. ungodly men sometimes a form of godliness but denying the power of the Holy Ghost. Paul said turn away from them ungodly men turning the grace of God into uncontrollable wantness. God gives us grace and it's not enough. We want more. We want our own will. God's will is the only thing that should matter to the believer. Says, I will put you I will therefore put you in remembrance. Therefore, you once knew this that how the Lord how the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt were afterwards he destroyed them that believe not. &gt;&gt; So you got to keep on believing. &gt;&gt; You can't just you know once saved always saved no matter what you do. &gt;&gt; That is not doctrinal. That is not in the word. If you were once saved and you decide to do whatever you want, God can take your name out of the book of life. &gt;&gt; He can destroy you just like the examples in the Bible. So what we have to do is we actually have to have a life that continues on to believe, &gt;&gt; continue on to grow in Christ to become Let me ask you a question and answer this question with me. Is there anybody in here that believes that your life should not be closer to God more today than it was a year ago? Let me see your hand. We all believe that our lives should be closer to God. Yeah. Each day, absolutely. But we should be able to look back a year from now &gt;&gt; and say, "I know that I know that I know I'm closer to God. &gt;&gt; I know that I'm more in his image." Now, that is a sign that you are walking towards Christ. You know, Brother Brham says it's real easy to know where you're going. James, he says, just look at what you're being drawn to. &gt;&gt; What are you feeding on? Because Christ is drawing us to his image. He's not drawing us to just have prosperous lives. &gt;&gt; Prosperous in him. All right. They despise dominion, speak evil of dignities. They speak evil of those things which they know not. But what but what they know naturally is brute based in those things which they corrupt themselves. Woe unto them for they have gone the way of Cain and ran greedily after the heir of Balum for reward and perished in the gainstain of Kora. These are they said these are spots in your feast of charity. In other words, they go to church. They feast with you feeding themselves. They come to church without the fear of God. &gt;&gt; Feeding themselves without fear. Clouds they are without water carried about winds. Trees whose fruit wither, who whose fruit twice dead, plucked up by the roots, raging waves of the sea, foaming out of their own shame, wandering stars to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I say it's time to make sure that we're abiding in the covenant of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Peter said the wherefore the rather brethren give diligence to make your calling and election sure for if you do these things you shall never fall. Peter said wherefore laying aside all malice lay aside all g guile hypocrisies envies all evil. Lay it aside. Just make a decision. I'm not going to have that anymore in my life. Lay it aside. It's time to grow. It's high time to awake out of our sleep. The bridegroom is coming. He is coming as newborn babes desiring the sincere milk of the word that we may grow by. In other words, literally come to church with no other thing than a hunger. &gt;&gt; I know I got a responsibility and I come here. I got to pray for my brothers and sisters. I understand that some of us have have jobs here, but many of us don't. And I think it should we should come here with a literal hunger for God. Like I want to get something out of this that's going to make my personal life better. That's going to help me overcome trials better. &gt;&gt; That's going to lead me to such a a a joy in the middle of of sorrow of of of of of tri trials and tribulations. Let's make more time to personally eat the bread. Jesus said, "I am the bread of life. Eat it until it becomes real, until it becomes life and joy and peace and all the things that you wish you had." You know, a lot of times we want things better in our home, but we're not doing anything to make them better. &gt;&gt; We want things better in our marriage, but we don't do nothing to make them better. &gt;&gt; We want things better in the church. We want a better preacher. What are we doing about it? Let's spend some time praying. &gt;&gt; Eat on the word. &gt;&gt; Let it become real. Eat the son of God until we manifest the son of God. Brother Brandham said in the message, thirsting for life. We're closing. He says, "Now listen, I know the Lutheran said the just shall live by faith." All right. There's a many of them started out that they that wasn't that that wasn't just Methodist said, "Brethren, when you shout, you got it." He said, "Many of many of them shouted, but they didn't have it." The Pentecost also said, "When you speak in tongues, you've got it." Thousands speak with tongues and having got it. The life proves they they've got it. the life, the fruit of the life. So, brother, this is a he's talking about the atmosphere that he's feeling in the church. And this here is so profound to me, and I just wanted to share it because I hope it's a blessing to you. He said, "A real sweet feeling in your heart knowing that you've passed from death unto life and you're at peace with God, a real tender heart that feeds on the things of God than to have all the" And he stops. He says, "Now remember, I believe in shouting. I believe in speaking with tongues. I believe in everything that God said. I believe in every miracle, every sign, but I would rather have this than all the rest of it put together. Wouldn't you rather have it? I'd rather have that real sweet, mellow Holy Spirit moving in my life &gt;&gt; and making all the world pass away than to have all the noise. I don't know what it is, but it just seems like people want to make a show. I don't get it. I don't get it. Now, so I believe in shouting. Sure. I I shout and I scream myself. That's right. I believe in every gift. I wouldn't be here preaching healing. I believe in all those things. Notice this. This This is the prophet who's had the gift of discernment and healing. And he's saying this. He says, "But brother, that isn't it. That's not it. These gifts and signs, that's not it. It's Christ in your heart. That's it. Then you'll stay. Then you'll stay." See, that's life. He says, "Then you'll stay." In other words, how many people say, "I did this. This happened to me in my life. You should see back then in my life. This happened." And where are they at today? &gt;&gt; So, you know, and here's the prophet telling us ahead of time, that's not it. Don't look at that. It's when the Holy Spirit is abiding inside and the life remains inside because the life never left the ark of the covenant. The life of God should never be leaving us. It should be abiding in us. Amen. Let's stand together. God bless you. Let's purpose in our heart to spend more time eating Christ, the word. It's the true believer's appetite. Come and dine. The master call it come and dine. He's calling us to eat the word of God. Let's sing that. Um let the let the Holy Ghost come in. [Music] Would you be redeemed from every inbredad sin? Have the Holy Spirit constantly within. Make the consecration. Trust in God in them. Let the Holy Spirit come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God in them. [Music] Holy Ghost. [Music] Would you have the spirit in your heart to cheer? Would you be relieved from every doubt and fear? Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. [Music] Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the fire of God to fill your soul? Burn up all the draws and sanctify the whole. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the come in, Lord Jesus. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. [Applause] Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the power to make you true and brave so that you can rescue those that Christ would save? Make the consecration. Trust in God in them. Let the Holy Ghost come in. [Music] Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God in them. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm thankful that I still have a desire for more of God. I'm &gt;&gt; thankful for that. There's part of God that I have not experienced and I'm I'm thankful that he placed a calling inside for more of him um as the deer as the deer man. Just take a moment, let go of yourself and just through the worship ask him in more of his spirit into your heart. As the deer panteth for the water, so my soul long after thee. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. [Music] You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are a king, I want you more than any other. so much more than anything. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. I want you more than gold or silver only you can satisfy. You alone are the real joygiver and the appo of my eye. Alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship thee. [Music] Amen. When I look into your holiness, I hope your desire is that same as a deer panning for the water. That's how David's was. When I look into your holiness, when I gaze into your loveliness, when all things that surround me come shadowed in the light of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart, when my will becomes enthroned in your love, when all things that surround me come shadowed in the light of you, I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. [Music] I worship you. I worship you. [Music] The reason I live is to worship you. When I look into your holiness, when I gaze into your loveliness, [Music] when all things that surround me come shadowed in the light of you, when I've found the joy of reaching your heart, When my will becomes enthroned in your love. When all things that surround me come shadowled in the light of you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live is to worship you. [Music] Amen. What a purpose to live to bring glory and honor to God with our lives. Amen. Amen. Now, I'm going to ask a question here and I don't want you to raise your hand until um you understand that I'm going to ask you to do something. So, you may not want to raise your hand, but I wonder if there's someone here today that you want. You not only want more of the Holy Ghost, but you're going to set your heart to seek more Holy Ghost. I just want you to raise your hand. Amen. Amen. Well, there's too many hands. I was going to all have you come forward, but I just if we could just believe for one another. Um, that's how the prophet taught us to pray one for another. And sometimes we can have more faith for one another than we can ourselves. But I I don't I believe if we all pray one for another, I believe every one of us is is somebody's going to be praying for us. Amen. And I just believe that's just how God works. Let's pray together. Our heavenly father, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for you. Where would we be without your saving grace in our life? Where would we be without you loving us when we were in our sins? And we didn't even think about you, care about you. But Lord, you made yourself known to us. And you loved us when we were yet without you. And now you've brought us onto yourself, Lord. Now you have come into our lives and you have touched our lives and your spirit, Lord, lives inside of us. But Lord, we have recognized just by the the lifting of our hands that there is more of your Holy Spirit that we're hungering for, that we're desiring in our very life, Lord. And I pray for every hand and every mind and every heart and every spirit and every soul today, Lord, who's who's uh given their themselves over to the word of God today, has lifted their hands and saying, "God, I I want more of your spirit in my life." They want to make a this covenant so rich and so beautiful. and they they they they want uh their their life never to wither. The they want the fruit of the Holy Ghost. They want whatever they're doing to prosper. And Lord, I pray for each heart here today. May there not be a one that is not blessed from the receiving of the word of God today. It is your word, Lord. That when we receive your word that we become your word automatically. It just happens when we receive your word into our heart. For your word is a living word and it brings forth life inside of us Lord. May it bypass Lord just our our go from our ears into our mind and just drop down into our heart and may it become so real Lord that we uh begin to think about the Holy Spirit more in this upcoming week. And as we spend time um reading the word of God we we bring you bring to our remembrance Lord that you want us to become the word that we're reading. Father, I pray that you'd bless us now. Make us ready, Lord. It's our desire is to to be with you in a rapture. Grant it, Lord. We love you. We thank you for these things. We pray them now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. I feel good. I feel good after that prayer. Amen. Let's sing one more song before we dismiss. Let's sing uh I'll fly away. Amen. And Some glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly away to our home on God's celestial shore. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. Fly away. When the shadows of this life have grown up, fly away like a bird from prison. Bars have flown up. Fly away. [Music] Fly away. Oh glory. Fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. [Applause] Fly away. Just a few more weary days and then I'll fly away to a land where joy shall never end. I'll fly away. Oh, fly away, oh glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. One more time. I fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by.
