################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - 4.9.25 - Learning To Lean - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   4.9.25 - Learning To Lean - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqXNjLI-4RY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] In this world of sin. I am so needy to be with you. I am [Music] so I am so to be more like you all my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needing to be here with me. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] to be more like you. All my rights away in this world of sin. I am so needing more to be here with him. Hallelujah. You know, when you accept Jesus, you she all your rights away to this world. That's right. Amen. So don't try to get them back because it's only death. Amen. Well, I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Um, good to be back. Amen. Um, just keep praying for brother Marty. He's still not back, but he's uh entertaining a friend of his. So, we just pray that we just encourage the Lord. Amen. So, uh, let's just go before the Lord. Amen. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord, Lord, many things would be on our hearts and in our minds, Lord. And the question is, Lord, is where are we? Are we closer to you or further away? So Lord, as we come to you tonight, Lord, as we heard last Sunday, Lord, let us just Lord, shed that darkness, Lord. Shed them clouds of doubt, Lord, and just know that you're there. You're waiting for us to Lord, just go deeper with you, Lord. And that's our desire tonight is to just go deeper with you, not only in the worship, but in the receiving of the word. Let us walk in it as you've given it to our brother to give to us in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just stand and just sing this as we gather. Amen. As we gather, may your spirit work within us. As we gather, may we glorify your name. Knowing well that as our hearts begin to [Music] worship, we'll be glad because we came. [Applause] We'll be glad because we [Music] came. As we gather, may your spirit work within us. As we gather, may we glorify your name. Knowing well now that as our hearts begin to worship, we'll be glad because we came. We'll be glad because we came. The steadfast love of the Lord never [Music] ceasees his mercy ever to a man. They are new every morning. New every morning. Great is his faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is thy faithfulness. The steadfast love of the Lord never cease. Sesies never come to an end. They are new every morning. New every morning. Great is faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is thy faithfulness. Amen. Let's just thank him tonight for his faithfulness. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for your faithfulness, Lord. Your mercies are new and rich each day, Lord. Lord, where will we be without you? We love you. We invite you into our hearts tonight. Come make your abode with us in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Day after day. I just want to remind you of how good he is. Day after day after day, you have been faithful to me. Day after day after day, I've known your grace. Amen. Day after day, week after week, year after [Music] year, I will declare your glory. I will declare your greatness. I will praise your name. Day after day after day, you are my savior, my friend. Day after day after day, I'm not alone. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Day after day, week after week, year after, you will be right beside me. You will be here to guide me. I will praise your name day after day after day. You have been faithful to me. Amen. Day after day after day, I'm not alone. Day after day, week after week, year after year, I will declare your glory. Oh, I will declare your greatness. I will praise your name day after day after day. You are my savior, my friend. Day after day after day, I'm not alone. But day after day, week after week, year after year, you will be right beside me. You will be here to guide me. I will praise your name. Hallelujah. Just praise the name of the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You ready to give thanks? Let's give thanks. Give thanks with the grateful. Give thanks to the Holy One. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the Holy One. give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He is here. You believe that? He is here. [Music] Halleluah. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him and you'll never be the same. He is here. Halleluah. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him and you'll never be the same. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is there anybody that's the same since they met Jesus? If you say, "Yeah, then you really never met Jesus." He He can have that effect on you. Amen. Well, we just have a change your order of service a little bit here. Amen. Uh let's just uh keep in uh our prayers uh Mrs. Johnson. Amen. uh for comfort the family and also the family of uh Cliff Bird uh for some comfort. We never know. That's why we just we always got to be right and walk out here tomorrow. Your life can change. But let us make our destiny not on this earth. Amen. While we're here, let's be in Christ. Amen. Let's also remember um uh we have a Sunday potluck. So, uh this coming Sunday um and after the service tonight, uh any help to set up the tables and cherish would be appreciated. Amen. Also, I want to welcome our our our new guest. I Eveie told me his name was Marty. So just give him a a a greeting when tonight after after service if you don't run away. Also our sister Linda has a request. Please pray for my aunt Jay. Pray that her health will get better. She loves the Lord and says she's ready to meet Jesus. She just doesn't want to any more pain anymore. Uh she is 98 and a half years old and and uh wants to go home. Amen. We all want to go home. We all want to go home in the Lord's time. Amen. So, we don't ever know when that is, but uh we just always want to be found working um before he calls us. Amen. So, let's just stand and remember all the missionaries throughout the world. Amen. How many has a special request to not just lift it before the Lord? If you could just continue lifting my one grandson up uh in prayer uh with these seizures. Um he needs revelation. Amen. He needs a revelation of Christ as a lot of people, but uh he definitely needs a revelation about uh these issues that he's having. Also, um yeah, let's just remember brother John in prayer. Anybody else that's uh the Lord puts on your heart. It's why he put it there. So, uh be faithful to pray for whoever that is. Let's just go in one accord tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight in prayer, Lord, Lord, there's many things that would be upon our heart. I know Lord is we each have a different life and different needs and different things Lord none of them should be greater than bringing somebody to your feet Lord or even ourselves Lord just more but Lord these needs are real Lord needs of health Lord of comfort Lord as our our sister lost her husband and if for the bird family Lord we just pray that you'd just be in the midst of it Lord Lord, for this uh lady named Jay, Lord, that you would just be with her, Lord, and for all all the things that we do in our life, Lord. We just pray that we would just, Lord, do as you would show us, Lord God. And that we could just draw closer to you tonight, Lord, by just yielding more, Lord. For we know there's more for us to get, Lord, we all have a draw a strong desire to grow closer to you, Lord. And Lord, as we surrender, we Lord, we just surrender our heart to you tonight, Lord. May you take leeway of Lord and just Lord, be our guest, Lord. We welcome you into our hearts in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. In the presence of Jehovah. Amen. Just just believe you're in his presence. Amen. in the presence of [Music] Jehovah Godies. Prince of peace [Applause] hearts are in the [Music] presence of the king in the presence of Jehovah. Oh God [Music] Almighty, prince of [Music] peace, trand [Music] [Applause] [Music] of the king. Amen. as she continues to play. If there's anything you have on your heart, just bring it to him. of Jehovah God. Prince of [Music] peace [Applause] jo hearts are men in the presence of the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let your word be born. How many wants the word born in their heart tonight? It was a tiny simple stable all bear. Hardly a place for a king to be born into choose some place special to reveal his majesty. So I know if I give him control, he'll be born in me. [Music] Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it start in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every way. Let your word be found in the manger of my heart. Well, howly I'm nothing, not much to behold, unlikely the place for his word to unfold. But if I just yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory, he'll change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it [Music] start. Live inside this house of clay and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Amen. I pray that's your prayer tonight. Amen. And if it is, you're one of the few. Amen. Hallelujah. I am one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God, word I can claim it. Though the way may seem long and the opposition strong, for the bride, there's a way. provided if I plan to go true to hope will not do. I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. I am one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God word I can claim it. The way may seem long and the opposition strong for the bride. There's a way provided. If I plan to go through just hope will not do. I must be firmly decided. Amen. to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. I am one of the few. Yes, I'm one of the few. And by faith in God, word I can. Though the way may seem long and the opposition strong for the bride there's a way provided. If I plan to go through just to hope will do, I must be firmly decided to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few and believe that I'm one of the few. Amen. You know what sticks out in that song right there? For the bride, there is a way provided. God always makes a way. Amen. Sometimes we don't like his way, but he always makes a way. He knows the way. It's his heaven we're going to, not ours. Amen. Hallelujah. Uh can we just rise? Brother Marty, can you just lead us with uh offerings? Yeah, sorry. So thankful for your Yes. Amen. Uh, you can be seated. Amen. And let's just sing into my heart. Amen. It's where it's got to get right. Into my heart. Into my heart. Come into my heart. Lord Jesus. Come in today. Come in to stay. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Come into my heart. Into my heart. Come into my heart. Lord Jesus. Come in today. Come in to stay. Come into my heart, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's just stand as our brother comes forward. Amen. And let's sing Only Believe. It all seems so small, but it all hinges on your belief. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. [Music] only Lord I believe. Lord I believe all things are possible. Lord I believe. Lord I believe. Lord I believe. All things are possible Lord I believe. Just re receive what Lord the Lord has for you tonight. Lord I receive. [Music] Lord I receive. [Music] All things [Music] are amen. I'm going to believe it. I'm going to believe it today. Let's look to the Lord in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we've come here as believers today because your word declares that if we do believe, we can receive. And we are testifying today that we believe and we have an expectation. We've come to your house today to receive life from you to receive uh Lord the things that you've that you've laid on our heart to receive. If there are those Lord that are seeking uh more of you today, I I pray may they receive exactly Lord what their expectation is. If those that are are desiring a healing, a touch in their body, Lord, you are the great physician, may they receive it tonight as the word comes forth. If there's those desiring a deliverance of some sort, Lord, you are the deliverer. Your word declares you're the deliverer. You are our deliverer. And Lord, uh we pray today that there would be deliverance granted to those that are seeking it, Lord, and expecting it. And father, we just believe that you're here to do exceed above whatever we would ask, whatever we would be thinking. Now Lord, we pray that your word would come forth into our hearts, be accompanied with revelation today, that it would bypass just our our our our head and and come down into our heart and become a a a part of our everyday life as we leave the building today. May May our hearts all be just drawn closer to you. May our lives be drawn closer to you. May your life be more real inside of us, Lord, when we leave the building today. God, we commit the service in your hands and all that you do. We give you glory and honor now in advance for these things. For we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you today. Turn with if you would to the book of Psalms, chapter 34. We're just going to read one verse there and have you be seated. Good to have brother Ron uh back helping out. Um uh brother, uh Bruce, brother Bruce just does an amazing job and we just really appreciate him. I know that he would like um a break and and and the encouragement of brother Ron. So, we appreciate Brother Ron and appreciate him uh being back with us. And it's also good to have brother Marty. Amen. Amen. We we've missed them and um and we just pray that God would be real good to both of them. Amen. Amen. Psalms chapter 34 and we're just going to read one verse there and have you be seated. Verse number eight of Psalms 34. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. I want to just go up a couple verses there if I could. Starting with verse number five. They looked unto him and were lightened and their faces were not ashamed. This poor man um this poor man cried and the Lord heard him and saved him out of all his troubles. How many's ever been wanted to be saved out of their situation? Amen. All right. The scripture says, "This poor man cried and the Lord heard him and he saved him all out of all his troubles." Verse 7, "The angel of the Lord is encamped round about them that fear him and deliverth him." So the angel of the Lord is not encamped around the proud, around the arrogant, around those that think I I've got things handled. I'm going to do things my way. the L, the angel of the Lord is not encamped about them, but he is encamped around them that fear him. And and and so we see from these two scriptures, a poor man crying, the Lord saving him and and the angel being around them that fear him, that there is a group of people who who God blesses and and the scripture comes forth and says, "Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good." Amen. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Amen. When a person has never eaten something uh before, there could be a hesitation. I don't know. I don't [Music] know. But if somebody says to you, hey, you got to try this dish. It is really good. Right. Well, then you have this expectation that when I taste it, I'm I'm willing to taste it and see if it's good, right? Amen. And uh usually if somebody says, "You got to taste this is really good." You know, it's probably pretty good. We Well, I got different pallets and taste buds and things like that. But when somebody is jumping at the gun how good something is, you you you you're more willing to taste it and see if it really is good. Right? But if it's somebody, you know, you you you you you could have a a a a thought of, well, you know, I I just I don't want to do it. But if somebody tells you this is a great dish, you've got to taste it. It's amazing. Then you're more apt to taste it. And the scripture is saying we need to taste and see if the Lord is good. Right now, the way we individually taste the Lord is by personally putting our trust in God's word. Right? That's how you taste to see if the Lord is good is when you personally, not your husband, not your wife, not your children, not your mom and dad, but you you you personally put your trust in. That's you individually tasting that the Lord is good. And it's through this process of trust that we learn to lean upon God because it's not easy. It's not just I'm going to go to the bank. You can't go to the bank and withdraw $5,000 if you only got a thousand in there. Right. So when you when you when you trust the Lord, it's hard because you got trials, you got difficulties, you've got roadblocks, you got things standing in the way, you've got you don't got people that cooperating, you got you don't got a checkbook that cooperates. There's things standing in the way. So trusting the Lord is hard. So there's there's a process of tasting the Lord. Amen. It's this process and the result of our complete trust is seeing the blessings of God, his goodness in our lives. In other words, you go through that process of of tasting, trusting, and at the end we see the goodness of God. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Amen. And it's at the end that when the blessings come, you can say of assurityity, God is good. God is a good God. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trustth in the Lord. Amen. Now, we all have felt that we trusted in the Lord and that the Lord, he let us down. Right? We've all been there. I trust the Lord. Didn't get what I wanted. He let me down. But the real the real question is, did we trust the Lord? Because anybody can say, "I'm going to trust God right now for a million dollars. I'm going to get it tomorrow." Anybody can say that. But that there's no scripture for that. But there is scripture that that God will supply my needs according to his riches and glory. There is scripture for that. And if we put our our trust in the scripture, we have every right to expect it to happen. Amen. Psalms 23:6 says, "Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life." Goodness and mercy follow me. Why does it follow me? Because I am trusting God in my life. If you trust God presently, goodness and mercy follows you. But if you're waiting for God to do something before you're going to trust him, it don't work like that. Amen. Psalms 32:10 says, "Many sorrows shall be to the wicked, but he that trusteth in the Lord, mercy shall compass him about." Right? We get mercy by simply trusting in God. But the wicked, they don't get that that that mercy that you know compassing. Imagine compassing. I mean, you walk into a room and it's on fire, though. Fire's everywhere. It's compass everywhere. I mean, I I want my life to be full of mercy, right? Mercy everywhere. Just come pass me about everywhere. It It doesn't happen until I step out by faith and trust God. Trust God in my situation. And we all got different situations in our life. Amen. and we wonder what's going to go on here and what's going to happen here and but when we can step out and trust God that he's with us and that he's going to see us through that though none go with me still I'll follow right that that trust where you everything is in God and then you can have confidence according to the word that even Even when you slip and fall, mercy is going to be there. Compass with mercy. Jeremiah chapter 17 verse 7. And this is this is the scripture that really started this whole message. And really, it started by a little cross that in our house that is was laying on the counter. And I just saw that and I just picked it up. I put it by my bedside for a while. And this is the scripture here. Blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord and whose hope the Lord is. A man is literally blessed when he trusts in God. Now, there's a lot of people that go to church and there's a lot of people who don't go to church who say they trust God. Amen. But do we really know what it means to trust? Because we know what it means to be blessed. And when we don't seem to feel like we're being blessed, we need to look at whether we're trusting enough. Because the more you trust, the more you're blessed. When you trust a little, you're blessed a little. And it's hard to to uh to to fathom and understand, but we reap what we sow. And when we can when we can begin to sow, I I trust God with my entire soul, with my entire life, with my entire finances, with my entire time. You know, if the word of God says, uh, forsake not the summoning of yourselves together, all the more you see the day approaching, I trust that word. I trust it above my circumstances. If the Bible says that that that that we are to to pray without ceasing, then I'm going to trust God, then I'm going to pray without ceasing. If the Bible says to pay your tithes, to give to give offerings, to put them first, uh whatever the word says, that is what I will do. I will trust God with his word. Amen. You don't trust God with your feelings and your emotions and ignore what he wants you to do. Now look, this is just verse 8 here of Jeremiah 17. It kind of gives a little a little what it means to be blessed of the Lord. That's right. Just from simply trusting in God in your life. For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadth out her root by the rivers, and shall not see when heat cometh. But her leaf shall be green, and shall not be careful in the year of drought, neither shall she cease from yielding fruit. Amen. And why is that? Because the roots go deep into trusting in God. And that is where you'll meet God. There's where you'll get rivers of water of life. That's where you'll get joy. You'll get peace. You'll get all that you need in Christ. But you got to trust in him. You can't go to church and try to be some peacock, some sort of Christian that you put on. You got to live the life. It's got to be inside of you. Amen. You got to truly trust the word of God. There are benefits that only transpire when a man has a firm belief in God's reliability. I always like the little the story that's told about this man who could uh you know take a wheelbarrow back and forth over Niagara Falls and everybody just we know you can do it. We know you can do it. But when they're asked to get in the wheelbarrow and go with him, there's a little question whether he can still do it. But we've got to learn. This name of this message is learning to lean. We got to learn on to lean on God a little bit more than what we do. Amen. There are benefits that only are released to the man who has confidence in the word of God as his absolute. We anybody Hey, the the world is full of churches who believe in God in the way they want to believe in God. But Jesus says, "You've got to believe on me as the scriptures teach you to believe." The scriptures teach us to believe. God is not partial. God is not part God. He's all God. He's all God. So his his word is important. And and the word is filled with what we need to face every situation in our life. There's something in this word to help us with every situation we got. Now, I'm going to tell you, there was a a a couple of times in my life that I did not have any finances. And Brother Bruce was probably the first one, the first time in my in our life that that I didn't have finances. And um didn't have money to even get the car fixed. And that's where Brother Bruce came in. He came over and worked on I think our I don't know if it was our Volkswagen. I don't know what it was. I can't remember right now, but he helped us got the car going and we we had a car to get back and forth to church. But there comes a time in everybody's life that you've got to believe that God is able to meet every one of your needs in your life. And you don't wait till you get money to trust God. You trust God when you don't have money. You you you you give your tithes when you don't got money to give your tithes. Anybody can trust when you don't have to trust, right? But when you don't have what you need, God wants to be God in your life. Amen. Man is either trusting God or he's trusting himself. One or the other. The middle verse in the Bible, Psalms 118:8. It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man. Amen. I'll say it like this. It's better to put your trust in God than to put your confidence in yourself. To lean to the arm of flesh. When a man's trust is in God, he is actually trusting the word of God. Not just how do I know I'm trusting God? I don't even know God unless I know the word. You understand what I'm saying? The word becomes God. The word is God. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. And the word was God. I it's it's wrong for me to say I trust God, but I'm not that interested in reading my Bible today. I mean, we may say, "I trust God. I need God for my situation. I know the Bible's true. I know the Bible's not a lie, but we're still not digging into it to find out God, what what scripture do you want me to hold on to today for my situation? What word what what word do you have for me personally today? In other words, we don't want to wait to time to go to church to find out what the Bible is saying. We need a personal walk with God to where there's an interest, a personal interest in our life to get in the Bible and read it on a daily basis. If that's if that's missing, just institute it. Do not wait till you have a great day and or somebody remind you, make it a habit. Read the word because that's you're giving God a chance to speak to you. You're cultivating that atmosphere. All right. Verse Psalms 56:3 says, "What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee." You ever been afraid before? Have you ever been afraid before? Have you ever done something wrong and you did not Your mom knew about it, but you didn't want your dad to know about it? Yeah. and you said to your mom, "Don't tell dad because you're afraid of what was going to happen." And a lot of times we all face fear, right? We we didn't do our homework. We didn't study our homework and now we got a test and we walk into class and we're scared to take that test every day. You ever been to the grocery store or I've done this. I go to the restaurant. I eat my nice meal and I go up to pay my bill and I don't got my wallet with me. And I'll wonder what am I going to tell them? Are they gonna They're probably not going to believe me. They They probably are thinking that I'm fibbing. Whatever the fears are, you have to face them. Amen. And you can do that when you trust God. Amen. Because God has not given us a spirit of fear. Amen. But of power, love, and of a sound mind. Verse four. In God, I will praise what? His word. Psalms 56:4. In God I will praise his word. In God I have put my trust. I will not fear what flesh can do unto me. Don't ever be afraid of another human being there is no God in that because God hasn't given us that that spirit of fear to fear another person. God said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you." And if a person is trying to bring upon a fear, well, we know that's of the devil. Are you with me? Amen. Can you say amen? How about this? Can you say I'm never going to make anybody fear anymore? Can you say that? I will not make any other person fear anymore. Yeah, I think that's a good thing we could do to make that commitment that I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna use character to help somebody see the light. I'm going to use a a a love and a and a trust and a and and I'm going to make people feel comfortable because you know what fear does? It manipulates people. And we're not into manipulation, right? Trust in God's word. Trust is the weapon needed to face any fear. Trust. Trust in God that he's with you. God will reward the man who trusts in him. He will bless the man whose hope is the Lord. All right. Psalms 27 verse1. We're going to have to go kind of quick because I've been in this before. If you do not hurry, you do not get everything done. And I want to get everything done today. Psalms 27:1, "The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Whom shall I be afraid?" When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Well, why why' that happen? Because David is expressing here that in the midst of the fear that he faced that he had a trust in God. Yes, sir. Yes. And that's what we need. We we we need to trust God more. Amen. I I'm thankful for how much I trust God, but I need to trust him more. Though a host should encamp against me, my heart, this thing here, this thing here, shall not fear, though war should rise up against me. In this I be confident one thing, have a desired of the Lord, that I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life. To behold the beauty of the Lord, to choir in his temple. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. How many times you ever come to church? God, I need a word from you. Now, it may not be the word that you're were wanting to hear, but he will give you a word to trust in him. I believe that with all my heart. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his priv. He in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me upon a rock. Now, that's good enough for me right there. That's good enough for me. They asked Brother Brandham, I if the bombs are going to come down, where do you want to be? Do you want you want to be in heaven? You want to be in a bomb shelter? Where do you want to be? He said, I want to be in the word. The word. That's the secret place of God. The the word. That's that's our protection. That's our rock. And that's why I'm saying it's important to trust in the word of God and and to step away from saying, "I trust in God." but kind of ignoring the word. Amen. Get in love with the word. Okay. And now shall my head be lifted up above my enemies round about me. Therefore, offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy. I will sing. Yay. I will sing praises unto the Lord. Let me ask you a question. Today, today in the worship service, how many offered up sacrifices of joy? I mean you from your heart, you said, "I praise you, Lord." Amen. That's his word. Amen. You got to trust the word. You don't wait till you feel like praising God. You praise him because the word tells you to. Amen. And when you trust the word above your feelings and your emotions, then you you're getting somewhere. We get somewhere with God. Amen. Psalms 31:19. Oh, how great is thy goodness, which thou has laid up for who? For them that fear thee. which thou has wrought for them that trust in thee before the sons of men. So how great is the goodness of God? It's laid out for them who has who trust in God. How important it is to trust. I just think we miss out on a lot of blessings because we don't trust God. We literally try to figure everything out, handle all the problems. This is what we're going to do. This is how we're going to do it. True. And even if the thing gets worked out, you miss out on the blessings. Because when you trust God, things happen. Things happen. Thou shalt hide them in the secret of thy presence from the pride of men. Look what happens from God hides the blessings. He hides the blessings from them in the secret of his presence from the proud person. Thou shalt keep them secretly in a pavilion from the strife of tongues. So God has a way of blessing us when we trust him, right? And it's a proudful thing that I can handle it without God. I don't need to do what the word says. I'm just going to do it my way. All right, look at these blessings from trusting the word of God here in Psalms 18 verse 28. Psalms 18:28. For thou will light my candle. The Lord my God will enlighten my darkness. What a what a promise. For thou will light my candle. You we've heard the song go light your go light your Is it go light your world? It is go light your world. But in that song, it talks about candle, right? It talks about a candle. And the promise is we're all a candle. We're all a light. And and and we can get lit for the Lord my God will enlighten my darkness. That's why we come to church to find out our darkness. We go through the course of the day, the course of the week, and we think we're okay doing what we're doing. We come to church with an open heart and we say, "God, you show me get the darkness out of my life. Jesus. Verse 29. For by thee I have run through a troop. By who? By the Lord. Because you're trusting in God. By by thee. For by thee I have run through a chup. And by my God I have leaped over a wall. As for God, his way is perfect. The word of the Lord is tried. He's a buckler to all those that trust in him. That word buckler means a shield, a protector, a defense to all those who trust in him. But if we don't trust him, like like I just I I it's got like you have to figure it out yourself or it has to work out this way. You know, God cannot be your shield. Amen. He can't protect you. He can't be your defense. Why? because you said, "I don't need you, Lord. I've got this handled." God puts us in those situations to where we can we make a choice. Now, what we should have handled is what we know to do. That's what we should have handled. What we should have handled is I'm going to read. I'm going to pray. I'm going to be faithful at church. I'm going to learn to give back to the kingdom of what is given to me. God has blessed me. I'm gonna give more of myself to him. Amen. Now, that's what we can do. And when it comes to problems that really we just can't handle at that point, what we need to say is, "God, I trust you. I'm learning to lean on you, Lord. I'm learning to lean." Let's just say that, Brother James, he's got a problem with me. And he's getting really upset at me. He's uh jumping down my throat because it's been more than 60 minutes at a sermon. And I can take this situation in my hands and I can say, "Listen here, brother James. I'm the pastor. You are not the pastor. I'll preach as long as I want to praise and you better get used to it." Or I can look at the word and the word says a soft answer turns away wrath. So either I can put my trust in myself or I can put the trust in the word. Amen. Notice if I put my trust in myself, I'm going to bring about some fear, right? Some fear. I'm going to put some fear and put some fear in this man. But if I I I I I fear the word. Amen. I if I fear the word, I I I trust the word. Amen. Then there's no fear here. The responsibility comes here and it brings the blessings of peace and settlement whatever the issue might be. Can you say amen? Amen. Blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord and whose hope the Lord is. All right. Psalms 125 verse1. Psalms 125 verse1. They that trust in the Lord shall be as mount Zion. which cannot be removed but abideth for. Look at this promise by just trusting in God to be as strong as a mountain and not just a mountain but Mount Zion which represents God, right? Which cannot be moved. You ever been talking to somebody and they're so set in their ways, they go like this, I ain't I ain't listening to you. I don't need I don't need to listen to you. You don't Nobody's going to tell me. And they're going to stand there. I'm going to go here. I'm going to do this. I'm going to in the flesh. We can get like that. But can we get like that in the word? Can we get like that with God? Can you stand there in the face of your enemy when he's slapping you, hitting you, talking behind your back, uh, gossiping about you, and do all these. Can you stand there and not be moved? The only way you can is by trusting in God. When you truly trust in God, you know what? You get a peace. Amen. You you you get joy like the three Hebrew children had, like Daniel had. You get love. You get compassion. You feel sorry for the persons who are acting the way they're acting. That is the truth. But that only comes from trusting in God. It doesn't come from, well, I got to do this. I somehow got to turn the other cheek. It doesn't come from that because you can turn the cheek and not trust God. Yes, sir. And then when you get hit on the other side, you're finally said, "That's enough." Right? But when you trust God, you are blessed beyond anything that you can muster up in yourself. I just really believe in the trust of the Lord. Amen. Verse two, as the mountains are round about Jerusalem, so is so the Lord is round about his people from henceforth, even forever more. How many How many is a people of God? Say, "Amen." Amen. You have the promise right here that the Lord is around you. Amen. That's right. But you got to trust him. Amen. You You're excluded if you don't trust. Remember the children of Israel came out of Egypt. They trusted God coming out, but they did not maintain that trust when they said, "Okay, there's the promised land. Let's go." And he had to destroy them. And the only difference, it wasn't because they was his people, not his people. It was because they refused to trust God. But Joshua and Caleb, they were of another spirit. The Bible says they they wholly followed or wholly trusted the word. Amen. Proverbs 16:20 says, "He that handleth a man a matter wisely shall find good, and who so trusteth in the Lord, happy is he." That's right. If you ever find yourself sad, there is one thing you need to do. Trust God. And if for some reason you can't trust God, th this is the next step right here. This is the next step. You get down on your knees and you stay there until you can trust him. There is no other answer to being happy. We sing the song trust and obey. There is no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and obey. The blessings of happiness comes as a result of personally trusting God. You know what also comes? I made mention of it. Peace. Isaiah 26:3, "Thou shalt keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on the Lord." Why is that? Because here's the answer. He trustth in thee. Amen. Trust in the Lord. You know what you got to do? You got to defy all the feelings and emotions and the thoughts that come into your head. We get played. What about this? What about this? I got this problem. I'm dealing with this and I've got this and I don't got time for this and I got all this going on and you don't understand. No. What you don't understand is the word has not become your absolute. That's what you don't understand. Amen. I mean, look what the the three Hebrew children, they didn't have any escape. They didn't have any escape. Daniel didn't have any escape. But you know what they both had? They they had trust in God. Amen. And these examples in the Bible are just not stories. They're for our admonition. They're to teach us how to trust God in 2025. That God is just the same yesterday, today, and forever. and that he can meet our need not because of our ability or our smarts even by how faithful we have been. All we have to do is repent, turn around and begin to walk in the light. Amen. And God will beat you there. He'll meet you there. The blessing of perfect peace comes as a result of personally now personally putting your trust in there. Well, uh you know, brother John, my daddy won't do it. my mom won't do it, my husband won't do it, my wife won't do it, and they're doing this. And you know what? I don't care if the whole church just quits. If God has called you to trust him, you trust him. Amen. Don't wait for everybody to get on board. It may be just you that goes in the rapture. Amen. Amen. We need to be thinking like that. Oh, I would like to all go as a whole, right? But let's be honest. Let's be honest. Hey, everybody don't have the same desire. I hate to say that. I mean, we've got to love the Lord with all the heart, with all of our soul, with all of our might. Do we? Are we passing that test? So, I just say it like this. You be the one. You be the one. Say, though none go with me, still I'll follow the word. Amen. I'll follow the word. Amen. Amen. All right. Okay, so we got this here. Now, I want you to trust this right here. Philippians chapter 4, verse 8, still talking about peace. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true and honest, just and pure and lovely and of a good report. If there be any strength, if there be any praise, then think on these things. So, you've got to trust this word for peace. these things which you have both learned and received and heard and seen in me do and the God of peace shall be with you. In other words, you can you can trust God that he's the same yesterday, today, and for he's not going to change. This wasn't only for Paul. This is for you and I. Amen. It's not always easy to trust the Lord. It can be difficult when we're going through trials and tests. But if you if you truly trust him, the reward I'll say it like this, it's priceless. I'm going to say this. I've never experienced anything in my life that could cure being hated by somebody to the extreme that they would want to hurt you. I have never experienced anything in my life that could take care of that situation than the love of God. Amen. When the love of God comes in your heart, that thing is taken care of. Amen. I'm going to say it like this. It wasn't like everybody repented against Jesus. All all the all the wrong all the things they did. You know what I'm saying? It isn't like we're going to get to a place when we're friends with everybody. Right. Right. And in fact, if it's happen, beware if all men speak well of you. Right. So, I just say it like this. I'd rather have Jesus than anything. And if you could just trust him, the love will come. It'll just take care of every situation. It really will. Jonah. Jonah. The Bible says in Jonah 1 that Jonah rose up to flee unto Tarsus from the presence of the Lord. You ever do you ever just kind of flee from putting your heart into going to church? You ever been in that spot? like I yeah I got something else going on. But T Jonah, he didn't stop believing in God. He just stopped serving God. Right? A lot of people they say they they they they they still believe in God, but they stop doing what they that God wants them to do. And so the Bible says they took up Jonah and they cast him. You know this the the the the story and they cast him forth into the sea and the sea ceased from her raging because God had arranged this right now. The Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish for three days and three nights. How would you like to see a Netflix picture on this happening right inside the middle of this prepared fish? This I don't think would be the kind of vacation I would want to go on. Jonah chapter 2 verse one. Then Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God and out of the fish's belly. Thank you, Jesus. Oh my my. In the middle of the deepest trial that we could be in, even if we were the one that got us there, the truth that we can find God in that situation if we trust him. Amen. That's right. We need to learn how to pray unto God from the middle of our trouble. The Bible says that he's a present help in a time of trouble. Amen. Even if we cause the trouble. So I I'll just say as we read this, let's learn to lean upon God a little bit more. Verse two, and said, I cried by reason of my affliction unto the Lord, and he heard me. Out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice. For thou hast hast cast me into the deep in the midst of the sea and the floods compass me about. All thy billows and thy waves passed over me. Then said, I I am cast out of thy sight. He was honest. He was in a situation where he knew God was not pleased with him. That's right. And he was the one that caused it. That's right. And you know, I look at this situation and even though he ran from the presence of the Lord, because he belonged to God, now I want you to catch this. Because he belonged to God, God prepared a way for him to come back. Now, he didn't get Jonah. He He didn't get one of the men that was on the ship and get Jonah in a headlock, hit him a couple times and said, "You better start serving the Lord." He didn't do that. He let him go so far and said, "You know what? We're just going to make life miserable for you." That is the truth. Got him to the place where he didn't have any place to run to. That is the truth. And so, let's pick this up. And then I said, I I I I am cast out of thy sight, yet I will look again toward thy holy temple. Amen. He remembered the word of God. Amen. He remembered the word of God. Yet, I will humble myself to trust in the word. I will humble myself and learn to lean upon him. right now in this situation cuz I don't have I don't have anything that says to me, you know what, in three days I'm going to be spit out and I'm going to be okay and I'm going to keep running from God. That thought did not enter his head. What was in his head was all this seed, all this throw up stuff. Everything was there telling him he was. And I'm I'm sure when he went down into the deep, it like his ears were going to pop. The pressure was so great. You know what it is? You got to have the the the the the the all that stuff on your body or else you explode. Decompression, all this stuff that he was going through. We don't even know the half of it. But I'm telling you, it was enough to wake him up. Amen. It was enough to wake him up. And he said, "You know what? I'm at the place. I'm just going to look to the Lord. And today, if we're standing here in a situation, alls we need to do is look to the Lord. The waters compass me about even to the soul. The depths closed me round about. The weeds were wrapped around about my head. And I went down to the bottom of the mountains, the bottom of the sea. And the earth with her bars was before me forever. Yet hast thou brought me up my life from corruption, oh Lord my God. And when my soul fainted within me like I didn't have anywhere to go, I remembered. It's why it's important to come to church. It's why it's important to read the B. It's why it's important to listen to the tapes so you remember. Amen. My soul fainted within me, and I remembered the Lord, and my prayer came unto thee, and th into thy holy temple. They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercies. I think this scripture to me, we should write this down and put this in one of our favorite spots because I'm telling you, when we're in a real trouble, when we're in a real trouble, what we want to do is straighten the other person out. But what we should be doing is looking at that situation and say, "They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercies." God has mercy for us if we trust him. Because Jonah was in the worst possible situation that he could be in. He caused it. It wasn't a trial that just came. He caused the whole thing to happen. And in the midst of his disobedience, he trusted in God. He trusted in the word and God successfully delivered him. Amen. I love that. Jonah identified his situation as just a lying vanity. And this is hard to do because I mean, you got seaweed wrapped around your head. You're you're smelling this. It's dark. There's no candles in that belly, right? There was no soft music playing. There was no just relax. You'll get through this. You know when you're on the dentist chair or you're you're in the getting an MRI and b relax, everything will be okay. There was nothing to relax you in that in that great prepared fish. Nothing. So when you're in a situation, you didn't see it coming, you can still trust God. Amen. You can still trust him. You can go God will still meet you there if you call the situation a lie vanity. Why? because my God is here to deliver me. God is here to deliver me. We just got to keep our eyes off the problem and trust God. Amen. Verse nine. But I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that. I will pay that that I have vowed. Have you ever told the Lord, I'm going to serve you with all my heart? And then you found yourself, you weren't serving the Lord with all your heart. And you know what God is saying? Time to pay up. Time to pay up. Start time to start serving the Lord with all your heart. Whatever your vows have been because Jonah was not quite serving the Lord with all his heart, was he? Now, he believed in the Lord. He was the one that said, "Hey, the reason we got this problem is because of me. If you get rid of me, everything's going to be okay around your life. He knew enough about God to believe in God. But the devils believe and they tremble." Amen. But there was no submission. There's no submission to the word there. It wasn't until Jonah repented. That's all we got to do. Amen. Amen. And verse 10, and the Lord spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land. Don't you want the Lord to speak to your situation and just spit you out of that situation? You know what you got to do to get spit out? Trust God. Trust God and you will be blessed. Amen. Let's turn to James chapter 4 verse 9. That's all the Lord wanted. Humble yourself and pay up. Right. Ver James chapter 4. I want you to think about Jonah right now in his situation. James 4:9. Be afflicted. Mourn, weep. Let your laughter be turned to mourning and your joy to heaviness. Jonah, this is what you got to do. Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord and he shall lift you up. Can you say amen? Amen. I love that word. I I think that's a good word. I think we should all be saying amen to that. Amen. Amen. Verse number six. But he giveth more grace wherefore he saith God. He resists the proud and he gives grace to the humble. So God puts us in a situation so we can be humble. So then we can be blessed. Submit yourself therefore to God. Resist the devil and he'll flee from you. Draw nigh to God, he'll draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your heart, you doubleminded. You know, that's what was happening in the middle of that fish. That's what was happening in Jonah's heart. I mean, there was a cleansing taking place all because he humbled himself and said, "I choose to follow the Lord." I think, you know, a lot of times I look at Jonah and Jonah was running away from God. You know what had to happen? We're not We're not going about to get to where I want to get to today. I can see that right now. What's been happen? Did you move that clock, brother Marty? Did you move that ahead? You know, I I look at the situation with Jonah and I see that God was chasing after Jonah. You know, I think a lot of times in our lives, we're we're we're forcing God to chase us. But really what needs to happen is we need to start chasing after God. Amen. Chase after God and trust him. Don't keep forcing God to chase you down. You chase after him. Amen. Proverbs 18 says, "The name of the Lord is a strong tower and the righteous run into it and is safe." You chase after God. Chase after the word. Chase after the name of the Lord and you'll be safe. Chase after him. That word runth means speedily. Stretch out and run. Chase after God. Run speedily after Christ. Amen. Paul speaking in Philippians 3:12. Not as though I've already attained. Neither were already perfect, but I follow after if that I may apprehend for that which also I'm apprehended of Jesus Christ. Brethren, I don't count myself that I've apprehended, but this one thing I do. I'm forgetting those things which are in the past. You know, Jonah had to do this. He literally had to forget that I I wanted to run away from God. I wanted to run away from what God asked me to do, which was to go speak the word to somebody, right? reach out to to Nineveh and and and and give them Christ. Amen. He had to literally forget that his disobedience and submit to being obedient again. Amen. He had to he had to forget the mistake he made and get back to the obedience of what he needed to do. A lot of times we let the devil beat us over the head. We also need to forget our great victories. We need to forget about I came to church faithfully and four times last year. We need to forget about that. Why? Because I got to make sure I make it to church on Sunday. So I need to forget I can't rely on how good I was last year that I can just kind of easy, you know, coast over here, right? So we got to we got to forget certain things that hinder us from what? Reaching forth on to those things which are before. If we don't learn to forget certain things, it keeps us from trying. You ever felt like you're so defeated, you you feel like you're just downtrodded. You you got this mistake. You got upset. You yelled, "You should have did this. You don't even feel like going to church." You know what I'm talking about? Yes. Okay. Well, if you don't forget that, you're not going to reach forth with what God has for you. So, this is something that we can practice on a daily basis. And Paul said in verse 14, I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. That word press, it means to pursue, be willing to suffer, to press towards the mark or the goal. So if I was to ask today, what is the mark that you're pursuing today? What is the mark that you're pursuing today? Were you thinking, "Hey, as long as I make it to church, I hit the mark. I did it. Did it." Is that Is that what you're pursuing? Because we're all pursuing something, don't you think? Amen. We're all reaching forth. We're all trying to accomplish something. Amen. Well, if if if we're not chasing after God, we're chasing after something. And more than likely, if you're chasing after something, God is chasing after you. So, we need to better identify basically what we haven't apprehended so we can start looking towards apprehending the things that are before us. Jesus said in Luke 16:16 that every man presseth into the kingdom. Paul's telling us to press towards the mark. Jesus said, "Press into the kingdom." Every man presseth into the kingdom of God. I I want us to I'm going to try to get this done in in the six minutes that I have, but I want to at least get this this point across. There's so many I I think nuggets in this, but we're just we're just not going to be able to get to them. I want to talk about this pressing. Jesus said in Matthew 11:12, "And from the time from the days of John the Baptist until now, the kingdom of God suffereth violent, and the violent taketh it by force." So the kingdom of heaven is is suffering of violence, which means the devil and all his demons are doing everything they can to try to stop God's people from entering in to Christ. In other words, if he can just get them satisfied with just coming to church, we're just going to say if I can just get them satisfied with coming to church and get them to think that they're actually pressing into the kingdom. Like if we we achieve that goal, we're pressing in because, you know, I I haven't been, you know, coming all the time. So, if I just if I just come, you know, this I I feel like I I I'm I'm I'm pressing in, but I'm telling you, the demons are trying to keep you away from becoming like Jesus. Amen. Brother B talked about a lot of times coming to church, the devil comes too. And what is he doing? He's trying to get you to doubt the word of God. He's trying to get you to doubt that what's being preached is exactly for you. Yes, that is right. that it's for the person sitting next to you. That's right. So, we're fighting against demons. Ephesians 6:12 says, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places." Now, the last time you had an argument with somebody, I'm pretty sure that you probably weren't thinking about that scripture. It wasn't until afterwards, maybe. But see, the person that you're having an argument with, you you that person is not the one that's trying to keep you out of the kingdom. It may be the devil that's anointing them at that moment, but you you you have to understand if we don't press, the devil's got a easy easy when's easy with us because they're working real hard to keep us from really putting our heart into God, putting our heart into the word, putting our heart into the services, putting our heart Well, I want to be like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you this year than I've ever been. I'm serious with you. I'm dedicating myself. I want to just put my whole heart into this. That's what the devil is trying to keep you from doing. So, if he can get you relaxed, just lukewarm, not hot, not cold, right here, lukewarm. If the devil can get you to do that, you know what the devil sits back and says, "You're so foolish. You don't even understand." But Jesus said, "I'm going to spew you out of my mouth." But we don't think like that. We think, "Well, at least at least I'm coming to church, you know. At least I at least I say amen to what the word is being said. At least I'm not, you know, being as, you know, stubborn as I used to be. And and here's the thing. We ought to be chasing after God. God, make me more hot. Get my heart on fire. Set my heart on fire. I want a relationship with you that actually the life is being lived in my home. That's where we need to be. We're fighting against spiritual wickedness in high places. I mean, it's all in our head. It's happening right here. If we have to fight against these demons, then we must be violent. Hopefully, nobody cuts in in the message at that point. But we need to get violent against these demons. We need to let them know what side we're on. I'm not going to, you know, let him talk me out of this. I I I I'm going to shine the light. I'm going to I'm going to love the unlovable. In order to take the kingdom by force, brother Brandham would say it like this. And I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision. He said, "Let's press into the unseen." He said, "Press into the unseen." In other words, I don't see the kingdom of God. It comes without observation, but let us press into it. The blessings, he said, are yours. They're for you. But what do you got to do? Press in to the kingdom. He said, seize the nature of God. Brother Brandon would say it like this in desperations. He said, you don't stand around and say, well, pick me up by the collar, Lord, and just push me in. He says, you press into it. You get desperate. It's between life and death. He said in the message, "Perseverant." Brother Brandon says, "We're living in the shadows of his coming. Whatever you do, press into the kingdom of God. If there is one little touch strikes your heart, you come quickly while you have the opportunity to come." Right? This is powerful. He says, "Cuz the hour is approaching when it will be too late." Yes, sir. Then you'll never want to come no more. There won't be any more call in the heart in your heart. And then no matter how much you did try, you would never get in. When the last member is added to the body for the rapture, he said there'll never be another one saved. The doors are closed as it was in the days of Noah. There will be no more salvation left. though people will think there there will be that's where the trouble is going to come. Amen. Let's stand together. Oh my my how I wish that we would just be able to have a little bit more time um to share and but I'm going to say part of this because it is it is rich and because we're we're always going to be in a battle, will we not? We're always going to be in a battle and we've got to we've got to conquer the devil in our minds. Amen. We've got to conquer the devil in our minds. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. Um uh learning to lean. Learning to lean. Learning to lean. I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to leave. lean on [Music] Jesus gaining more power than I've ever seen. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Oh, learning to lean. I'm learning to lean. Learning to lean on [Music] Jesus. Gaining more power than I've ever seen. I'm learning to lean on you. Amen. Let's sing it now as we make this commitment to a learning to lean. I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to lean on [Music] Jesus. Gaining more power I've ever seen. I'm learning to lean on [Music] Jesus. Amen. Let's go before the Lord in prayer. Amen. I I just say it like this with every head bowed, every eye closed. If it's in your heart, you really you truly truly want to leave here with a a a dedication and a determination. you want to consecrate yourself to start uh trusting in God more. I want you to believe that as we pray because I believe that's your desire, that's what you want, that's what's going to happen. Amen. Our heavenly father, we come to you as as your body of believers here. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that you're still there with your hands outstretched towards us, wanting to bless us so much. But because we haven't put more of our trust in you, it's kept the blessings from coming our way. And today, Lord, we want those blessings, oh God. We want those blessings. We want happiness. We want peace, Lord. We want the things that are company a man that trust in you. And Lord, our faith hasn't been to the place that we'd like it to be. That and our trust hasn't been to the place that we would like it to be. But here we are today making this uh this prayer to you. Uh that Lord uh we want our trust to grow. We want our our our confidence in you that you'll help us in the in the middle of our trials. And Lord, today Lord, we pray God that you would meet us in prayer when we would come to you in prayer and we would uh express to you. God, help me to trust you more. God, help me to to build my my faith in you and my my confidence in you that that you'll be with me today. And when a trial rises up, Lord, help remind me, Lord, a a as you brought uh to the to the memory of Jonah. Lord, may you bring it to our memory, Lord, that you are with us in the middle of our trials, God. That we could learn to lean upon you, learn to trust you, Father, that all of our faith could grow more and more because, Lord, we know it needs to get to a place where our faith is a rapturing faith to get out of here. I pray that you'd help us with the small things in our lives, Lord, just to to learn to trust you that you'll be with us. Bless your people. Give them, Lord, this confidence that you want to have. And I pray, oh God, that you pour out your blessings upon your people. Bless them for trusting you, Lord. May they feel the blessings happening. And Lord, all because they put their trust in you. And may it begin to just continue and to multiply and to grow. that Lord, happiness could grow and peace could grow and joy could grow and and just a freedom of being able to never be afraid, Lord, when fear would attack them, they would be able to stand there in confidence that Lord, uh, greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world. And I can do all things through Christ who strengthenth me. And these these scriptures can become so real to us, Lord. Grant, Father, we commit ourselves to you. We thank you for these
