################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 5.25.25 - Consider How Great God Is - John Martin - Consider How Gre.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    5.25.25 - Consider How Great God Is - John Martin
Speaker:  Consider How Gre
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 51m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75Fc5lTYe3s
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Thank you. Are you [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] All I need is all I need. Jesus is all I need. is all I need. Is all I need. Jesus is all I need. Is all I need. Is all I need. Jesus is all I need. I love him so. I love him so. Jesus is all I need. I love him so. I love him so. Jesus is all I need. is all I need. Is all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Amen. Amen. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. gaze me wave. When I was lost, you surely been good to me. You saved me with When I was lost, you surely been good to me. You saved my soul. When I was lost, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Lord, Lord, Lord, aren't you glad for that? Surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. Praise God to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. You healed my body when I was sick. You've surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Amen. Praise God. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? I like that. Cuz I can count on him. Amen. And that's a blessing. Amen. Gonna ask brother Ben if he'll just open in a word of prayer. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I will bless your name. Amen. Right. In prison chains with bleeding stripes, Paul and Silus prayed that night. And in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loosed and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison in your mind, reach out and pray. defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. We bless your name, Lord. We bless your name. We give you honor. We give you praise. You are my life, the truth, the way. name. We bless your name, Lord. We bless your name. We your name, Lord. We bless your name. We give you honor. We give you praise. You are my life, the truth, the way. We bless your name. We bless your name. If some midnight hour if you should find and if you find yourself there this morning in a prison in your mind, reach out and pray. those chains and they will fall. It's up to you in Jesus name. We bless your name. I bless your name, Lord. We bless your name. We give you honor. We give you praise. You are my life, the truth, the way. We bless your name. We bless your name. We bless your name, Lord. We bless your name. We give you honor. We give you praise. You are my life, the truth, the way. We bless your name, Lord. We bless your name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So if you feel like, oh, I Oh, bless his name. Praise God. You know, always makes you feel better. Just say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Count your blessings. Amen. Don't count all your discouragements or your failures or whatever else is bothering you this morning. Count your blessings. When upon life's billows you are tempest toss. When you are discouraged thinking all is lost. Count your many blessings. Name them one by one. And it will surprise you what the Lord hath done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God hath done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God hath done. Are you ever burning with a load of care? Does the cross you take your call to bear? encounter many blessings. A count will fly and you will be singing as the days go by. Count your blessings, name them one by one. Count your blessings, see what God hath done. Count your blessings, name them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God hath done. When you look at others with their lands and gold, think that Christ has promised you his wealth untold. Count your many blessings ain't cannot buy and you name on high. Count your blessing. Name them one by one. Count your blessings, see what God had done. Count your blessings, name them one by one. Count your many blessings, see what God hath done. So amid the conflict, whether great or small, be discouraged. God is over all. Counter many blessings angels will attend. Help and comfort give you to your journeys hand. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your blessings. See what God had done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Count your many blessings. see what God had done. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Lord willing, you got more than just one to count this morning. Maybe two or three. Amen. I must tell Jesus. Amen. I must tell Jesus all of my trials. I cannot bear these burdens alone in my distress. He kindly will help me. He ever loves and cares for his own. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. I must tell Jesus all of my troules. He is a kind, compassionate friend. If I but ask him, he will [Music] deliver. Make all my trles quickly and end. I must tell Jesus. I must tell [Applause] Jesus. I cannot bear these burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. Tempted and tried. I need a great Savior. One who can help my burdens to bear. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus he all my cares and sorrows will share. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot bear my burdens alone. Lord, I must tell Jesus. I must tell [Music] Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. Oh, how the world to evil allures me. Oh my heart is tempted to sin. I must tell Jesus and he will help me over the world the victory to win. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus I cannot bear my burdens alone. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. Amen. Amen. He's faithful. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just to show you that, Brother Keith had severe sinus problems this week. And I imagine Brother and Sister Beckman got together and prayed. God moved on the scene. Amen. Amen. So, we're grateful for that testimony. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Jonathan says, "Please pray for my mom. She's very sick." Um, let's also remember Sister Linda Helms. She's not here this morning. That the Lord will just touch her, touch her heart. Also remember Sister Sharon Van White for prayer. She's battling cancer. So, I want to add her to brother Bill and sister Elizabeth that God will just be merciful, increase their faith. Amen. Want to remember uh brother Ron's sister um Sheila that the Lord will continue to heal her after she had her foot operation, but also the Lord will just speak to her heart. Amen. Amen. Um also remember Sister Trina's boys in prayer this morning. They are sick. Amen. So, I must tell Jesus, nice thing is is that it doesn't go to voicemail. Amen. Right. And it's not you send a text and aren't you reading my text? He is, so if you count your blessings when you're discouraged, then God will lift you up. Amen. Let's all stand together. Let's just take these prayer requests before the Lord. Amen. Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, we're so grateful. Lord, we're thankful that you're a faithful high priest. Lord, you do our pray. Sometimes we think you're there. Lord, we pray. Lord speakind we pray that you just touch her heart may remember sister that are sick heavenly father you're the healer of our body and pray father god may you just touch brother Jonathan's momach may touch Father, Father, the secret I pray, Lord, you're just Lord, we lay them at your feet. We just pray Elizabeth. [Music] May you just move. Heavenly Father, may you bless the mission. Lord May increase our faith in Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. While you're still standing, I'm just ask brother Dennis if you would just pray over the offering. Amen. Thank you again. Godren souls to you. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. So, next Sunday we have brother Boaz from India coming. So, that's always a blessing to have him here with us. So just got to give him traveling mercies during the week that Lord will just watch over him. Amen. Blessed assurance. Jesus is mine. I always look at I say if you don't want him, he's mine. Amen. Blessed [Applause] asssurance. Jesus is mine. [Music] Oh, what a foraste of glory divine, heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior. all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my [Laughter] sight. Angels descending, bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. Perfect submission. All is at rest. I in my savior am happy and blessed. Watching and waiting, looking above, filled with his goodness, lost in his love. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Amen. Amen. You do that, your day will go a lot better. Even if the car doesn't start, say, "Praise the Lord. Maybe he's keeping me from an accident. Maybe he's got something else going on here." Amen. Amen. We have these little carnal small thing. We just looking in front of us and we need to look out there. Amen. Amen. This morning, let the Holy Ghost come in. Amen. Right. That's what we should do. Let's all stand together as brother John comes. Amen. Would you be redeemed from every init? Have the Holy Spirit constantly within. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come [Applause] in. Would you have the spirit in your heart to cheer? Would you be relieved from every doubt and fear? Make the consecration. Trust in God. And that let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make a consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the fire of God to fill your soul? Burn up all the dross and sanctify the whole. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come [Applause] in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Do you want the power to make you true and free so that you can rescue those that Christ would save? Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come [Applause] in. Let the Holy Ghost come [Applause] in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Would you be from every inward sin? Would you moldy coherent conatement and make the consecration? Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Praise the Lord. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God. And then let the Holy Ghost come in. Oh, let the Holy Ghost come in. Come on in, Lord. Let the Holy Ghost come in. Make the consecration. Trust in God in let the Holy Ghost come in. Amen. Amen. Lord, we welcome you today. We welcome your Holy Spirit today. Amen. We do have to make the consecration. We have a part to play. And if we do our part, God is faithful to do his part. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. How many is happy to be in the house of the Lord today? Amen. I am happy with you. And uh I believe the Lord is with us. Brother Bruce sang one of the songs that we wanted to sing at the end. But he talked about it. Count your blessings. And I do believe the Lord is here today. Turn with me in your scriptures in your Bibles to uh 1st Samuel and also John 21. 1st Samuel chapter 12 and St. John chapter 21. So good to see brother Charlie again. Amen. And his his lovely daughter and I can't remember her name. Say again. Kyaomi. God bless you. So good to have you again. Remember when you here last time? I think you grew a little bit since last seen you. and I um she loves the scriptures and that's always uh caught my attention when a young person loves the scriptures. Amen. Amen. It's a real beautiful thing. Uh before we begin reading here in 1 Samuel chapter 12, let's look to the author. Amen. Heavenly Father, we come to you with all of our needs and we have needs in our life. We have requests. We have desires. And Lord, you're able to do exceedingly above all that we ask or right now all that we're even could think. Thank you for knowing our hearts and thank you for being greater than all of our problems. Lord, we're asking today that you would lift up our faith because Lord, we know that there's nothing lacking in you and your ability to meet every one of our needs according to your riches and glory, Lord. But I believe that you have a requirement and that is that our faith would rise to the place that we could trust you for every need that we would have. Pray that through the ministry of the word, Lord, that our faith could increase and that we could just leave here believing with our hearts burning because Lord, you spoke to us personally. Lord, bless every heart. Bless the hearer, Lord. And bless Lord, thy unworthy servant, Lord. Let the words that come forth be anointed into the hearts of your people. We pray. We commit the service now into your hands. bring yourself glory and honor through everything that is said and done. Now we ask in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. Amen. 1 Samuel chapter 12. We're just going to read one verse there and that's verse number 24. Take our text from here. Only fear the Lord and serve him in truth with all your heart. For consider how great things he have done for you. Amen. Amen. And then also John chapter 21. And in here, this is the last verse in the book of St. John. Actually, it's the last verse of the four gospels speaking of Jesus here. And there are also many other things which Jesus did the which if they should be written every one I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Now you can see about counting your blessings. Amen. Amen. Consider how great things that God has done for us. God is always wanting us to consider things. He said one time, "What is a man's advantage if he gain the whole world and lose himself and be a castaway?" Just wanting us to consider having everything we want. The Bible says, "Go to the aunt and consider her ways and be wise." He says, "Now therefore, thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, consider your ways." The Bible says, "Come, let us reason together, sayeth the Lord." Jesus said, "Consider the liies of the field, how they grow, and they toil not, neither do they spin. Yet I say unto you that even Solomon, all his glory was not a raid like one of these." Jesus also said, "Consider the ravens, for they neither sow nor reap, neither which neither have storehouse nor barn and God feedth them. How much more are you better than the fowls?" So God is always wanting us to consider when he walked, he was always trying to get the people he talked with to consider whether they were his disciples or the Pharisees. Because when you consider something then where you're at, you're opening the door to grow. And and that's why brother Ram said, uh, I I could be wrong considering his situation that there's more to it. Paul being humble, he said, I need to press towards the mark. I I haven't apprehended. I'm not there. So I'm considering that I I'm not where I need to be. Paul told Timothy, "Consider what I say in the Lord give thee understanding in all things." Remember a story that Brother Johnson told many years ago about um a pig who sat under an apple tree and he was kind of a lazy pig and he just sat around eating and laying around. That was his life. And uh the apples would fall one at a time from the tree and just kind of like hit him on the head and then he would turn around and get the apple that just fell and start eating. But he he refused to look up to see where his blessings were coming from. He wouldn't consider God's grace. And a lot of times I think we forget to count our blessings. We don't consider what God has done for our lives because we're always wanting more. The scripture tells us in 1 Thessalonians 5:18, "In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you." Even the trials that we're going through, we're supposed to count it all joy. So consider how great things God has done. Let's go to the beginning, the very beginning of your life. And first Ephesians 1 verse4 says, "According as he have chosen us in him, before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love." Right? So before there was ever a world, stars, galaxies, planets, before there was ever before God ever said, "Let there be light." Before there was anything, God chose you. That's right. Consider how great God is that he chose you. Amen. Hebrews 11:3 says, "Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that the things which are seen were not made which things that do appear." Before that ever happened, we were in the mind of God. And he said, "I chose you, Brother Ron Clayton. I chose you in his thoughts before we ever existed because he knows the end from the beginning. He knows them that are his. Consider how great God is today. Jesus said in John 15:16, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you. and have ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain and that what you shall ever ask in the father ask the father in my name he will give it to you. He chose you. Consider how great God is right now. He chose you out of a million other sperm cells. He chose only you. Think about it. in a in just in a in a second of God's thought, he could have he said, "Okay, this group is not coming and there's another group going to be here. He could have easily chose somebody else." But he chose us. That's enough to give God glory. Every single day we wake up that he chose us. Psalms 139:13 says, "For thou has possessed my reigns. Thou has covered me in my mother's womb. I will praise thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Marvelous are thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well. My substance was not hid from thee when I was made in secret, and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth. Even David is expressing how great God is by the way that God made us. Even though we're amazingly made, we were all born in sin. David said, uh, "Behold, I was shapen in iniquity, and in sin did my mother conceive me." So, in other words, we came into existence the wrong way. And that's why we got to be born again. We were in the mind of God before the beginning, but we came out the wrong shoot. And you name it, we did it. We were lying before we even knew what lying was really was. We were deceiving and manipulating and making our parents feel guilty, bad, and wrong before we even knew what was if it was okay or not. because we had that nature inside of us to to do that. I mean, look, a child a a a young child, he knows the only way he can get what he wants is to manipulate if he because the I want, you know, a child just doesn't want what's right for itself. a child wants. And if that that thing is never dealt with as a as a two-year-old, it it can become very horrifying at 40 years old. You understand what I'm saying? That's why we got prisons. That's why we've got all the things going on that we do. So, we need to get born again. Ephesians 2:12 says that at that time ye were without Christ being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel and strangers from the covenant of prophets having no hope and without God in the world. Now this is where we were when God came to us. We were aliens even though we were in the mind of God because of the being born in sin. We didn't know about God. We didn't care about God. We didn't really want nothing to do with God. And sometimes we find our nature still not wanting to pray. Christ was in the world and the world was made by him and the world knew him not. He the Bible says he even came unto his own but his own received him not. There was a a distinct separation between us who were in the mind of God. And when we came into the world that God created, we weren't even thinking about God. We were selfish and just wanted our own will. Ephesians 2:3 says, "Among whom also we had our conversations in the time past of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and the mind were by nature the children of what? Wrath." You ever get upset at somebody? Children of wrath. But God, amen. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he loved us. Consider how great a God that we serve. Consider what he's done for us. Consider the mercy that has rewrote our life and the and the love that he's loved us with. Even when we were dead in sins, he's quickened us together with Christ. By grace are you saved. You know, I think every day we should wake up and say, "Thank you, Lord, for salvation." I really do instead of just I'm saved cuz I got scripture. You want scripture? Today is the day of salvation. There's the scripture for you. I think we need to thank God for salvation every day. Consider with me where were you where would you be today if God had not reached down his hand to you? Where would you be today? I know where I was before I was with God. And just imagine continuing on that cycle where you would be today. It would not be a pretty sight. But consider the riches of God's mercy today. Consider his marvelous and amazing grace. Consider the greatness of God's love in your life today. Because this is personally to you. I can't make Luke consider me. I can't make James consider the Lord. But I myself can make a decision to consider God in my life. And I'll say this is an individual affair that that we need to be willing to consider God in our life. Jesus said in John 3:16, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth." It's it's for us individually. There are some people who just don't care. But I say to the bride, consider how great a things God has done for you. Consider it. And I'll say, the more we can consider what God's doing, the more our faith is going to grow. The more we listen to the enemy and the negativity and and wanting more and just bothered about things all the time, the less our faith it it becomes. It just shrinks. It's like a muscle. Pretty soon we become so weak that we can't even have confidence that even God is walking with us. Jesus said in John 6:37, "All that the Father giveth me shall come to me." All, not most, but all. And him that cometh to me, look it, I will in no wise cast out. Alls we have to do is come to the father. Come to Jesus. Come with our heart. And he's not going to say no. But we've got to be willing to come to God. We we we've heard the story. You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink. We're here in church, but we still need to drink the word. We still need to say, "I'm coming, Lord." Verse 38, "For I came down from heaven, not to do my own will, but to but the will of him that sent me. And this is the father's will which have sent me that that of all which he have given me I should lose nothing. Amen. But should raise him again in the last day. Consider how great our God is. He's not going to lose a one of us here. He's not going to lose a I don't care how we feel. He's not going to lose us. It is impossible for God to lose one of his own. Out of the hundreds and hundreds of people that are around you in your life, think about all the people that are in your life, how many of them are in the message? So I want to tell you this, how many has God really chosen? But yet he brought you the marvelous light. 1 Peter chapter 2:9 says, "But you are you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people that you should show forth the praises of him that have called you out of darkness into his marvelous." So God chose you to praise him today. Amen. That means when you're sitting here reading that scripture, you don't just read the scripture, but you actually praise him. Praise the Lord. He's worthy to be praised because he brought you into the light of the word. Amen. You know, Jesus looked at the Pharisees and he said, um, he says, "You love darkness rather than light, but today we're lovers of light. We're lovers of the truth." And you know, Brother Brandham said it like this. If you do not walk in the light that God gives you, he is not obligated to give you anymore, which should provoke us to love the light that he has given us, to worship the word that he has given us. Even though it cuts us, it it it doesn't feel maybe good. We don't want to do it. But if we don't do it, we're cutting ourself off from God because God said, "I'll never leave you and I'll never forsake you." We're the only ones that can leave God. We're the only ones that can forsake God. So consider how great a things God has done for you. Verse 10, I think, let me finish that verse. for which in times past you were not a people but are but are now the people of God which have not obtained mercy but now have obtained mercy. Think about today where would you be without the mercies of God? If you had mercy every single day of your life in the past today you did not have mercy. Where would we be right now? We need God's mercy every day. Every day we need God's mer. So consider how great God is to give us mercy. And look at there. God's got mercy for everybody. He's got grace for everybody in the world. But the only thing is the world is blind to God's mercy. Blind to his grace. They're not even asking for it. And they're they're living in a world without God. They know not God. They know not the mercies of God. Or they take God for granted. Deuteronomy 7:6. We've read this before, but it it bears repeating. For thou art a holy people unto the Lord thy God. The Lord thy God have chosen thee to be a special people unto him above all that are upon the face of the earth. Think about this. You talk about a super race. You talk about You think you're something special. Well, I am. I am special. I'm not special because I think I'm special. I'm special because the word tells me I'm special. There's a big difference. I don't got a big head about it. I just got a big heart about it. The Lord did not set his love upon you nor choose you because you were more in number than the than any people. For you were the fewest of all people. Now, think about it. Of all the people that you know of in your in your in your family, in your friends, in your circle, how many of them are in the message? When you look at this message compared to the denominations, you are the fewest among the people. Israel, the smallest country, smallest people, but yet God chose them. Amen. And God has chosen us. Consider how great a God that we serve. We could be out in the world or out in some denomination or out without some sort of understanding. But God chose us because he loves us. Consider how great God is. St. John 10:28 says, "And I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand." Think about the people that have done you harm. Think about the devil who wants to attack you. I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. Right? That's what Jesus said. Amen. Verse 29. My father which is greater than even me is greater than all. I'm sorry. My father which gave me is greater than all. And no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. So what is he really saying? My hand and the father's hand is the same. Amen. Look at verse 30. I and my father are one. No human being can separate us from the love of God. He chose us and that settles it. God said it going to change. God will not lose a one. Amen. I think what we should do is just tell the devil to get behind me. I'm done with you. I'm done listening to you. I don't have to bow down to you anymore. I don't have to do what this flesh wants to do anymore. Consider how great things God has done for us. Consider your security with God. If God be before us, who can be against us? Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Who shall separate us from the love of God? Consider your security with God. Paul said in Romans 8:3, for I'm persuaded that neither life nor neither death nor life, nor angels, principalities, powers, nor things that are present happening in our life, nor things that are even to come in our life, nor height, nor death, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. So where where would we want to be for security right now? is is is security having like $3 million, right? Having all of our bills paid, having the best spouse, best friends, the best following. If there's one thing we should be pursuing is falling in love with Jesus Christ. Pursue it. And don't make God do all the work. Yeah. I I I tell you, I hate relationships where the other person does nothing and you got to do everything for the relationship. Hate those kind of relationships. And no wonders Jesus said, "All that ever come before me are thieves and robbers. They just want want us that nothing can separate us from the love of God. Alls we need is to heal. Receive God's love into our heart and project it back to him. Don't just receive it and do nothing with it. But if you love me, keep my commandments. Project it back. Be interested in doing the things that God wants you to do. That really is the proof whether you love God or not. Everybody has feelings that I I love God, but it needs to be proved. I mean, no, you husbands, I can tell you this right now. None of you husbands would say to your wives, if it's, "Please don't prove you love me anymore. You can stop proving it. I know you love me now. Stop proving me." And I know you wives would never look at your husband and say, "I know you told me you love me when we got married, but would you just stop trying to prove it to me now?" No, we want to feel that expression. We want to feel love projected. We want to and and our spouses want love to be projected. It's no different with God. God God's not sitting up there and, you know, with this attitude, I just want to brew over the people and love them, but I don't want them to love me back. No, he actually wants us to worship him, to bow before him, to consider how great he is. And to say, God, thank you for every blessing. Thank you for meet my needs. Thank you for the breath of life. Thank you for my shoes. Thank you for my car. Thank you for my food. Thank you for my health. Thank you that things are not as bad as they could be. instead of just waking up with assuming that. I tell you, if you don't fill your mind with thanksgiving, it will be filled with complaining. It's one or two spirits. It's one or the other. Consider how great God is. Because we were in the mind of God before the foundation of the world, he predestinated us to be even here in the service today. Romans 8:29 says, "For whom he did for no, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn of men many brethren." So before there was a world by his fornowledge he said there I I I see Charlie Neyma before the foundation of the world I see Stan Ferguson I see Bruce Jacowski I see okay my sisters I don't want to leave you out he's seen every one of us And because he saw us and he chose us through fornowledge by his choosing, he now could predestinate us because this is what's going to happen to them. I know that they're going to reciprocate love back. I know they're going to take my word when I give them my word. They're going to walk in the light when I give them the light. I know what's going to happen because I I saw it. I saw it at the beginning. Therefore, I have predestinated this is going to be the end of them. They're going to make a rapture. They're going to go in a rapture. They're going to receive the message of the hour. They're going to receive the word what it takes to make it in. Verse 30. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called. And to whom he called, he's also justified. And to whom he's justified, them he's also glorified. I think we need to consider how greater God is. I think we need to consider it. I mean, if I gave you the task of making sure that Monday turns out absolutely beautiful and perfect, would you be able to do it? No. No matter how much you desire in your heart to want your day to go perfect, you don't have the control to do it. You don't have the power to do it. But you know God does. But God does. Consider how great our God is. Our God is so great that he makes all things work together for the good. Right? To them that love and to them that are called according to not our purpose but his purpose. So even when we make mistakes, we need to consider how great our God is. Has anybody made a mistake? When's the last time you made a mistake? How many's made a mistake before you got to church today? How many's ever sat in church with the attitude of I just don't feel like being here? I want to see you after church. But God is there for us when we make mistakes. First John 2:1 says, "My little children, these things have I these things I write unto you that you sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the father." Amen. Jesus Christ the righteous. We have someone. Consider how great God is. He doesn't expect us to be perfect, but he does expect us to do our very, very best because God does his very best for us. He never comes to us and says, you know, I don't feel like forgiving you today. He doesn't have that attitude. He's he's a he's he perfectly loves us. Perfectly loves us. Verse two, and he is the propitiation for our sins and not ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world. In other words, God would do the same for the whole world as he's done for you if they would just simply repent and say, "I'm sorry." God's got power to forgive the whole world. Amen. Look at how great a thing God did for Jonah in the belly of a fish. Jonah 2:7. When my soul fainted within me, I remembered. I considered the Lord and my prayer came in unto thee into thy holy temple. So Jonah was considering how great God was at in the midst of his calamity. And in verse two, he said, I cried by reason of in my affliction unto the Lord. And he heard me and out of the belly of hell, he called it hell. What a description. Cried I, and thou heardest my voice. Amen. Verse eight, they that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy. God has mercy for us today. Don't Don't keep looking at your problems. You might be thinking, I got a problem with my child. You child, you may be thinking, I got a problem with my parent. Don't look at that. Don't look at the problem. Look at what God has to remedy the problem. Amen. So they that observe lying for vanities forsake their own mercies. Verse nine. And I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that uh that I have vowed. Salvation is of the Lord. Amen. And the Lord spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah on upon the dry land. I mean, everybody's vomited at one time or another. And it's just something you don't feel like doing. Can you imagine being in the vomit? But I'll say this is probably the most joyful time that he had after being in his situation was he because he when you when he got when he was vomiting, he was coming out of the situation. So, I just want to say this that at one time or another, we made a decision we were going to serve God, right? We went, we we got baptized. I'm going to serve God. I'm going to put him first. Sometimes along the way, we can stop trying. God still wants us to follow through with what we said we wanted to do. and and and and God wanted Jonah to go to Nineveh. And Jonah wanted to fulfill that. And I believe we just need to consider the things that God has done in our life. We look back, we can see Jonah, what he did for Jonah. We can see what he did for for non. We can see what God is he did for the the woman at the well. uh the the centurion, the woman with the blood issue, what he what he did for the the three Hebrew children for David in the lion's den or Daniel in the lion's den and David and Goliath. When we consider how great our God is, I'm telling you, all those things are natural things, but they're spiritually happening in our lives. And we need to consider how many times God's got us out of the furnace. You know how how many times has he I say we all could raise our hands here. How many's been healed before? Look at that. What a testimony. That's enough to make us never doubt that he's going to heal us. That testimony right there that you just gave. Amen. Because God is faithful. What he's done before, he can do it again. Amen. So consider the mercy of God in our own lives. We just saw it in Jonah. Consider it in our own life. We sing the song, mercy rewrote my life. Lamentations 3:20 says, "My soul have them still in remembrance and is humbled in me." This I recall to my mind. Therefore have I hope. It is of the Lord's mercy that we are not consumed. It's the truth. every single day. Brother Bram said back in the day, I don't know what year he said it was, but it it was a many years ago, we backslide 100 times a day. It is of the Lord's mercy that we are not consumed because his compassion faileth not, and they are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. I remember the time that brother Brandham uh uh walked was walked into a bar or some sort of restaurant with a bar in. can't remember quite what it was to get a burger. And and when he walked in, he saw just nothing but filth in this place. The way they were acting, their behavior, their drinking, they're smoking, they're cussing, all that they were doing. And and and God and brother Brandon says, "God, why don't you just destroy this place?" Because he walked into such evil, right? And God had to show brother Brandham that if it wasn't for God's mercies, he would be consumed. So in other words, you can't compare yourself with somebody that's worse than you. That's just a trick to make you feel better. We all need the blood of Jesus Christ to cover us on a regular daily basis. plead the blood. Apply the token because it's that blood that forgives us. If we sit around, if alls I'm going to do is look at somebody in the world, how much worse they are than me, just so I can feel better, I'm still going to be consumed. I'm still going to die. I'm still going to be without Christ, I need the blood of Christ just as much as anybody else does. I love the scripture. 1 John 1:9. 1 John 1:9. If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. All of it. Consider God's forgiveness in your life. Consider his mercy. Consider how great things that God has done. When we when we fall, we sin, we backslide, we make mistakes, we come short of his glory. It can whittle away at our virtue, at our strength, our self-esteem. It can break us down to the point of just feeling so weak. But God wants us to remember that he cares for us and that we need to believe in him. just believe because it's that one factor that brings God on the scene. First Peter 15 says, "We are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation, ready to be revealed in the last time. We are kept by the power of God." It is the power of God. We we today we have the keeping power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. But we have that through faith. We get up in the morning and we know that we got the Holy Ghost and it keeps us. We don't have to get up in the morning and wonder if God is going to be with us. We are kept by the power of God through faith. It's a power. But we got to believe. We got to exercise our faith. And faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word. That's why we don't want to we don't want to sit in church and have our mind go somewhere else. We want to sit in church and we want to hear the word that God is speaking directly to. Imagine just for a moment, every one of us here, imagine you are the only person sitting in church today and everybody else is gone. That's how you want to listen to the word. That's God speaking to you directly. Isaiah 40 28. Has thou not known? Is thou not heard? That the everlasting God, the Lord, the creator of the ends of the earth, he faintth not, neither is he weary? There's no searching of his understanding. He giveth power to who? The faint, no matter what condition. To them that have no might. He actually gives them strength. Even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Amen. Praise God that he has given us an avenue to get strength. We don't have to just wonder how can I get strong. All we have to do is spend some time with Jesus. Spend some time with him. Consider how great things he has done. I mean, there's I I I know you've heard me tell the story one time that I I I got beat up so bad and taught behind my back so bad to a person that I literally gave years and years of faithful love to. And uh the man was just trying to destroy me and and and and and discredit me and lie. And I I remember going home, going to the house and going into our one room with the piano and the couch there. And I remember just kneeling down and saying, "God, I need you. I didn't accept any ill thoughts about the person, but the devil was making a heyday coming at me. Just said, "Lord, help me." I put the responsibility on me. I didn't ask God to judge that man, to punish that man, to hurt that man, or straighten that man out. I just said, "God, help me. Come into my heart. I need you." And I'll tell you, that's all it took. And the presence of God came so strong. The love of God filled my heart so strong, I did not even think about anything he did to me negatively. That was the power of God. They that wait upon the Lord. It's not how long you wait upon him. It's just where you're at. But he's there wanting to meet every need that we could possibly have. Consider how great a God that we serve today. We serve a mighty God. He giveth power to the faint. He increasth strength. We are kept by the power of God through se uh through faith unto salvation. God has power for us. You know, when we have the power of God, you don't need to manipulate anything. You don't need you you don't fear anything. You're not worried about anything. You don't need to go behind the scenes and kind of, you know, tell this person that person and control this to get that. You don't have to do that. When you got God, you got everything. You know the song, if I got Jesus, I got it all. All you need. Speaking of the spirits now, 1 John 4:4, "Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that's in the world." Speaking of the spirits now, greater is the spirit that's in you than the spirit that's of the world. Right. And the spirit of the world speaks to our head, tries to confuse us and bring us down and and get us away from our security, get us away from our protection, our shield, to get us away from following the word, getting us to compromise, but greater is he that's in you. You know, it would be nice. It would be nice, J. Uh, Luke, don't you think it would be nice if everybody in the church here was so filled with the Holy Ghost that they never did one bad thing? Wouldn't that be awesome? That'd be awesome. Wouldn't it be great if if if everybody all your friends were always sharing and giving, always saying nice things. Mom, wouldn't it be nice if all the kids never disobeyed you, disrespected you, and said, "Mom, you give me these chores to do, I'm going to do them, and what more would you like me to do?" Wouldn't you like it that you would always have dinner on time, and mom and dad would always say, "You're just the best thing since sliced bread." And that they never did anything wrong. Wouldn't that be like the ideal thing? Wouldn't it be the ideal thing to to have a wife that always cooked dinner and you never had to cook it? I mean, we all could say things would be better if my spouse was better. But you know, if you have Jesus, you can deal with anything. Amen. Because greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. That's all we need. We don't need to focus. I don't need to focus on getting an better and don't need to focus on getting me better. We just need to both focus on getting more of the Holy Ghost. Because then I know how to help an knows how to help me because we got the God who knows all things living inside of us. Right? The scriptures saying greater is he. Can we just f just take a moment and consider how great God is. God is so great that he can meet every need. My God shall supply all of your needs according to his riches and glory. I can do all things through Christ who strengthenth me. Is God in us the hope of glory? It's not hope in my my family member the hope of glory. I'll tell you that family member never may never come in. Come on. I hate to say it. I I got some of my children serving the Lord. I got some that are not. I I'm I'm not going to sit around waiting. It's the grace of God that he has showed me what he showed me in his word. And it it's not for everybody. It's not. But if he has shown you what to do, walk in it. Walk in it. Because he's got more for you. He is bringing you up to the statue of a perfect man. You are his bride. You're not a a a foolish virgin. You're not just somebody who's going to go through tribulation. You are going to get caught up. You got to believe that. You got to confess it. You got to walk in it. You got to come to church expecting you're going to hear the word that's going to get you up higher. You You can't allow yourself to just be lukewarm. Joshua said, or God said to Joshua, "There shall not be any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee. I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee." Oh, give me Jesus. That that right there, I don't need anybody to be walking with me. I don't need anybody to follow me. I don't need anybody to help me. If I got Jesus, what else do I need? Consider how great things God has done for you. I mean, everybody would have liked to be in Joshua's shoes when God said that to Joshua. But this, when you read that, this is what God is saying to you. This scripture is for you. Did you ever need joy? Amen. He has joy unspeakable and full of glory. It is the fruit of Christ. So consider the joy he has given you. Have Okay, we've we've all said, "I I I've I've needed joy before. I've been without joy." How many has had joy before? The same people that needs it has felt it. That's all the testimony we need. We know it's real. We know joy is real. We know the joy of the Lord is our strength. We know the fullness of his presence. In his presence is fullness of joy. Work for it. How do I work for it? Work to get in his presence. Labor together in. Worship him. Clap your hands. Say, "I love you, Jesus." Don't wait till you feel like it. Don't Don't wait till you get in the mood. Create the mood. create the mood that Jesus comes and gives you the desires of your heart. Amen. Has God supplied and been faithful to supply all your natural needs? Yes, he he certainly has. Psalms 37:25, I have been young and now I'm old, yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. He is ever merciful and lendeth and his seed is blessed. Can you imagine ever feeling like your need is not being met? You know, the the devil's always trying to get us to call God a liar, but God is not a liar. I'd rather believe the word, what the word says, than what I'm going through. If I feel like my need isn't being met, I'd rather confess what the word says because there's a time of test and there's a time of trial. I remember very early in my walk with God and everybody who's really um ever serious about God has has gone through this trial that when you come into the truth of the word, you learn about paying tithe. And when you first come into it and you're being introduced to it, you consider, well, I just don't have enough money to pay my tithes right now. And I will eventually my intent is to pay them and and I will pay, you know, start paying them when I can when I when I feel that the money's there. You understand? We've all gone through that at one time or another early in our our our our walk with God just like a number of other things. And the the thing is when you get the revelation that he's first and you pay him first and that your bills and whatever you want is after that, well then you can learn to see how God is faithful to you. Because that's when the blessings come is when you put him first. Not second, but first. Amen. Have you ever been confused before? Has mom and dad ever said something and you said, "What?" Or parents, when your kids come to you and they say something, have you ever looked at them and said, "What?" Confusion is all around us because the devil is the author of confusion. And he's he would like nothing better than to confuse us. He would the devil would probably like nothing better if I get up here and just start speaking things that are not scriptural, to bring a confusion, right? Because this is the ultimate. This this is the absolute. This is what we're all going to be judged by. So, we might as well just start with it today and stay with it today. But we've all been in states of confusion, bothered in our mind, looking for peace. How many has ever wanted peace before? We all want peace. And we've all been in states where um peace wasn't there. But we've all always been, not always, but we've experienced the peace of God before. And the scripture tells us that he has a peace that passes understanding. like you don't understand why you're going through what you're going through, but you just feel calm about it. You feel settled. And that's what the peace of God does. Ephesians 2:13 says, "But now in Christ Jesus, he who were aar off are made nigh by the blood of Christ, for he is our peace." He is our peace. Now think about the time the situations that you have had disruption with another human being maybe somebody at work a spouse or a neighbor or a family member that you got a a problem with and you're thinking that this person is got to get it together before you can have peace. But that is not scriptural. It's not scriptural that that person's got to get it together and be right before you can have peace because he is not your peace. It's a slap in the face of God. God is our peace. Amen. Let them act the way they want. Let them treat you the way they want. Let them be the way they want. You get your peace from God because he is our peace. Not sometimes. Remember the Jesus was in the boat and he was sleeping and the disciples, don't you care about us? The storm's going to wake up and take care of this problem. And what did Jesus say? Peace be still. He can the first thing I mean if we got chaos going on, I mean things happen. I mean accidents happening, people go to the emergency, bad things happen. Life is truly life. But the first thing that has to happen is God has to come into your mind and give you peace. Peace in your mind, peace in your heart. Because when there's peace, then you can start dealing with the situation and handling it the right way. He is our peace. We don't have to straighten this out and say, "Okay, I got peace now." That's not how it works. Peace comes first, then straighten it out, then trust him. He is our peace. Give God glory. Let him be the peace of your life. Thou will thou will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee because he trustth ine. Now, one of the hardest things I think that we have to do is to keep God on our mind. It's the hardest thing to do. We got problems. We're dealing with problems. We're solving problems. Got a whole list of things to do. And it's hard to like, you know, think of two things at one time. So, it's hard to keep God there. But I am telling you, if you if you keep God there while working on whatever you're working on, you will be kept in perfect peace. Because it's a scripture. You just got to believe it and start applying it to your life. Jesus said, "These things have I spoken unto thee that you might have peace in the world. You're going to have tribulation, Jesus said. But he said, "Be of good cheer for I have overcome the world." In other words, Jesus had peace. Remember when the the whole thing, you know, Judas comes up to him and betrays him with a kiss. I mean, at that point, you you talk about, you know, summer's nigh. You you know, it's time to go to the cross when that happens, right? But Jesus didn't, you know, you know, put Judas in a headlock, punch him in the face and say, "What are you trying to do? What thou doest do us quickly?" Because he settled it in the garden. He settled it in the garden. Not my will, thy will be done. He came to give his life. I tell you, if we can just put our trust into to the father like Jesus did, right? We'll have peace because God has peace for us. Look at the three Hebrew children. They weren't franicking. They weren't saying, "Oh, you know, just, you know, let's think this over. We need to have a serious prayer meeting." They made their decision. I don't know what's going to happen in there when we go in there, but I do know this. We're not bowing down before you. It's settled. I have peace in my heart. I'm going to go through the trial that I got to go through. I'm not going to give up God. I'm not going to give up peace. I'm not going to give up the word. I'm going to be faithful. I'm going to go to church. I'm going to pay my tithe. I'm going to serve him every day. I'm going to serve him in my home. I'm going to serve my children. I'm going to bring them up in the fear of the Lord. I am going to stay with the word. That's when peace comes. When you put God first, peace comes. God split the Red Sea. Consider how great God is. We all have Red Sea experiences. We've all God has just brought us out of si situations and it was by the grace of God we look back and we say, "God, I don't know how you did it, but you did it." And then he literally killed your enemy behind you. Just destroyed him. We've all had red sea experiences. every one of us here. Now, I'm not saying we don't still have giants in the pro in the promised land. We do. We still have things to deal with. But we don't want to murmur about the problems that we got today. We know what happens when we do that. We get left in the wilderness. But what we need to do is consider how great our God was that he brought us through the Red Sea, brought us through the experiences, brought us through the things that he's delivered us. I can tell you that there were things in my life that when I had my Red Sea experience, they've never come back. I I know that I know that I know they killed the enemy got destroyed and I've been free of that thing. But but you do understand if my name can be in the book of life, I can be saved and then God can take it away from me. That means I can I can I can be entangled again with the things of the world. And the scripture says, "Be not entangled again with the spirit of bondage." Don't entangle yourself. In other words, keep walking towards the light. God has more for us. God has never failed a human being. He's never left anybody alone. We just got to take God at his word. Consider how great God is and worship him. Take him at his word. Consider how great God is when you pray. When you're actually in prayer, that's the time. Consider how great God is. That he's great in the battle. That he will he answers prayer. God will see us through. Let's stand together. God bless you. God has given us all that we need to make it. Saints, everything that we need that pertainth to life and godliness. Consider how great God is in your life. Leave here and just think about how great God is. You know, the Bible tells us that God wants to be preeminent in the church. That means in order for God to be preeminent here, he needs to be preeminent in every one of us, right? Not not just not just the pastor, but every one of us because we are the I am not the church. I am not the church. I am just one person just like you. I make up as much of the churches as you do. I'm just one soul. You're one soul. And together, collectively, we're a body and we are the church. And and we need to consider God, how great God is in our lives. I believe God wants us to leave here with a faith that God is much greater than what we thought he was because the devil wants us to look at our problems and God wants us to look how great he is. Amen. And we just need to keep praising him and worship. The Bible says the offer the sacrifice of praise. What? Continually the fruit of thy lips making giving praise to God and just forget the problems. Forget the problems. Seek ye first the kingdom. All things shall be added unto you. I'm so glad I know my Jesus. I'm so glad I love his name. He the one who saved and sanifies my soul. I'm so glad I got acquainted with the one that is anointed. For he's the one who cleans and made me whole. I'm so glad I know my Jesus. I'm so glad I love his name. He's the one who saved and sanctifies my [Music] soul. I'm so glad I got acquainted with the one that is anointed for. He's the one who cleansed and made me whole. Let's sing it one more time. I'm so glad I know my Jesus. I'm so glad I love his name. He's the one who saved and sanifies my soul. [Music] So glad I got acquainted with the one that is anointed for. He's the one who cleans and made me whole. Oh, mercy rewrote my love. Mercy rewrote my love. I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy rerote my life. Mercy rero my life. God's mercy rero my life. [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down, but mercy rro my love. Well, mercy rro my love. [Music] Mercy rro my [Music] life. I should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy rewrote my life. Amen. How many's thankful for the mercy of God? Praise you Jesus. Without him, I could do [Music] nothing. Without him, I'd surely fail. Without him, I would be drifting like a ship without a sail. [Music] Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. Do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Without him how lost I would be. Without him, I would be dying. Without him, I'd be enslaved. Without him, life would be hopeless. But with Jesus, thank God I'm saved. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus. Know him today. Please don't turn him away. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Without him, how lost I would [Music] be. He He's all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. Think about it. He's all I need. need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Oh Jesus is all I need. Amen. Amen. You bow your hearts with me in a word of prayer. She continues continues to play that real quietly. He's all I need. Maybe there's been some things that you have put before God and you you've been thinking that you need that so bad. But today you realize that really all that you need is Jesus. That you want to set those things aside and you want to you really from your heart want to put Jesus first. Maybe you put him first in a little bit more of your life than than you have in the past. Maybe dedicate yourself a little bit more. Maybe consecrate. Maybe seek more of the Holy Ghost. Maybe just be more faithful. Maybe just allow him to be your standard. Allow him to be the head of the home, the head of a relationship, the head of the job. You're here today and you're desiring prayer. You want me to unite with you in prayer. Just lift up your hand. And I'm going to pray with you. Amen. God bless this hand. This hand. God bless these hands. God sees you. God sees these. God bless you all. Many hands. God bless you in the back. Amen. Amen. Let's just believe with all of our hearts because I believe God is here to do exceedingly above all that we would ask. Amen. Amen. Our heavenly father, we come to you united, united in faith. that these the sheep of your pasture, Lord, they want us to unite with them. Lord, thy word declares that the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man, it avails much. and that if just two or three could agree on touching any one thing, it would be established. Father, these are your scriptures. When you pray, whatever you desire, when you pray, just believe and you can have what you ask for. Lord, we're desiring to be one with you. desiring to walk with you closer that we did from when we came in here. And we know your prophet said we either leave church closer or further away. Lord, our hands have just been lifted. It's a testimony that we're closer to you, Lord. We want to be closer. We want to to walk with you, Lord. I pray for every hand. You know the need behind that hand. You know the the very desire of their heart. I pray that you would bless them exceedingly above this, Lord. Lord, those that are asking for joy, give them joy. Those that are asking for peace, give them peace. Those that are desiring, Lord, more of the Holy Ghost, give them more of your spirit, God. Those that are desiring more love, give them more love. Lord, those that are are are are desiring just to be more like you, Lord. just to to to be more faithful to to to to be more of a pliable potter clay in the potter's hand. Lord, you know every heart and I pray Lord that you would bless each one and give them the very desire of their heart. Bless marriages here, Lord. Bless marriages in this in this room today. I pray in the name of Jesus. Lord, I pray that you'd bless relationships today in this room. Father, Father, I pray, God, that you would uh bless uh the children, Lord, with their schoolwork. Amen. Lord, bless them with the decisions that they make with their friends. Lord, I I pray that you would uh uh bless each one, Lord, who prays for a coworker. uh Lord for a a a family member. Lord, for the the needs of our church and the prayer requests that have gone forth and Lord God, I pray that you would just use us as a body that we might function as a body, Lord, and and and and and and prosper. Lord, I pray for every every need here today. We commit it to you. We give you praise now for it all. In the almighty name of Jesus Christ we pray and we thank you for it Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus in your name. Amen. How great is our God. Let's sing it to him.
