################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 5.4.25 - Crying Grace - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   5.4.25 - Crying Grace - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCx-FDjuQWM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's like The river love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing [Music] everywhere. Joy like a fountain, healing streams of life. [Music] Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. [Music] Joy like a fountain, healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit, let your fire fall. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Thank you, Jesus. You're like a fountain, healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit, let your fire fall. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Joy like a fountain. Healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Joy like a fountain. Healing streams of life. Come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall. Amen. and let's just welcome them this morning. Hallelujah. We just thank you Lord Jesus that we can be in attendance this morning. We thank you. Let your fire fall upon your people this morning in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Well, I greet you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ this morning. Amen. He feels welcome when you praise him. Amen. And he is worthy of all the praise that we can give him and that the world can give him. That's right. Amen. But we're his children. How much more should we praise? Amen. Brother Ray, can you open us with a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your mercies, your grace, your love, to praise you, to give you thanks, Lord God. Lord, that you continue to with us in this service. Lord God may speak to our hearts, to our souls. Lord, comfort us. Answer our questions, Lord. Our hearts cry, Lord. We bring it all to thee, Lord God. We place it all before thy glor of mercy and grace, Lord God. Just have your way, Lord. Use the song leader, Lord. You the players, Lord. everybody here, Lord, and the speaker. Lord, you be the speaker. We thank you for all your love and grace and all that you've done for us in Christ Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Know we not. Amen. Know we not knowing. Ye are a temple. Knowing not knowing, ye are a temple. Knowing not, knowing I ye are a temple. Ye are a temple of the Holy Ghost. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am a temple. I am a temple of the Holy Ghost. Walk ye up seven steps to perfection. Walk ye up seven steps to perfection. Walk ye up seven steps to perfection. Ye are a temple of the Holy Ghost. Full of praise, full of power, full of glory. Full of praise, full of power, full of glory. Full of praise, full of power, full of glory. Yeah, I am. Temple of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. As a temple. Amen. Let us just humble ourselves this morning before the mighty hand of God. Humble yourself before your Lord and [Music] King. Oh, give him your heart. Offer your everything. There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will [Music] do. Humble yourself and let his way. It's all he wants. Oh, love his word. and his will [Music] obey. For his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Oh, give him your heart. Offer your [Music] everything. There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself and let him have his [Music] way. Oh, love his word and his will obey. Glory's eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. Oh, give him your heart. Offer your everything. Give it all you need on the love he has for you. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Oh, humble yourself and let him have his way. Oh, love his word and his will obey. For his eyes are on the one whose heart is true. So humble yourself and see what God will do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. Amen. Longing for Jesus. I pray there's a longing in your heart this morning. longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for you. [Music] just to be near you, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. [Music] longing, longing for [Music] Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him, just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Amen. He's here this morning. Longing, longing for Jesus. I have a longing in my heart for him. [Music] just to be near him, to feel his presence. I have a longing in my heart for him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. You know, it's him that gives you that longing. Hallelujah. The Holy Spirit comes and just woos you. Amen. So, it's our desire that we just give back to him this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. The haven of rest. Amen. Let's just enter into that rest this morning. My soul is excited out loud seas to burden with sin and distress till I heard a sweet voice say your choice and I've entered in the Haven of [Music] rest. I anchor my soul in the haven of rest. I'll sail the white seas no more. The tempest may sweep or the wild stormy deep. In Jesus I am safe for ever more. I heal myself to stand here in grace and faith taking hold of the word. My feathers fell off and I've angered my soul. In the haven of west is my lord. I've anchor anor my soul in the haven of rust. I'll sail the white seas no more. My angles may sweep or the wild stormy deep in Jesus I am safe ever more. The song of my soul since the Lord made me home has been the oh sorry so blessed of Jesus who will save whose forever will have a home in the haven of rest so this morning. I've anchored my soul in the haven of rust. I'll sail the white seas no more. The tempest may sweep or the wild stormy deep. In Jesus I am safe ever more. How precious the thought that we all may recline like John the beloved and bless on Jesus strong arm where no tempness can harm secure in the haven of [Music] I've anchored my soul in the haven of rest. I'll sail the white seas no more. The tempest may sweep or the wild stormy deep. In Jesus I am saved ever more. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, I just like to change your over service a little bit and just have some prayer requests here. Amen. Let's remember all those that are sick this morning for whatever whatever reason. We pray that the Lord would just be their portion this morning. For our brother Marty and for all those that are suffering with some sort of illness this morning. Amen. For our sister Lori, she's home with a cold. Um so we for brother Mike, I know for there's many Lord. Our sister Jeanie is suffering, but she's here, you know. our sister Cheryl, she's here, you know, for our brother Bill that's got cancer. We just pray that the Lord would just deliver him from that. Amen. It's good to see our sister Amanda back with us and all those that have come this morning to God give give God glory. So, let's just stand. our our sister Linda has requests on her heart for for Dave and uh her girlfriend to uh just accept Jesus. You know, if he if you accept him, he sets you free. And the man that is free isn't free indeed. We just pray for Jessica that she would just get a revelation, seek the Lord and get a revelation of the message. Um, it takes a revelation from God. Trying to get in on yourself don't work. You got to go to him. So, let's just go to him in prayer this morning on one accord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we approach your throne, we're humbled by your presence. You know every thought, you know every intent of our heart, Lord God. And we pray, Lord, that it be that it be found pure before you. that Lord as we approach you Lord God that we can Lord create an atmosphere Lord that you're pleased with this morning as we humbled oursel before the mighty hand of God this morning Lord we pray for these individuals that are with affliction Lord this morning Lord one way or another Lord you are the great physician Lord you are the healer Lord we just pray that you would just touch them Lord God this morning Lord for anyone one that don't know you, Lord, in the power of your might, Lord. We pray that you would just come down. Your presence would just, Lord, as they open their hearts, Lord, that you would just receive them, Lord God. Oh, Lord Jesus. It's Lord, as our pastor comes, Lord, may they not look at a man, but they may they look at the word of God presented, Lord, that's the way you intended it from the beginning, Lord God. And we accept that, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord Jesus just come Lord God now Lord we've we've Lord just honored you Lord this morning Lord and we just pray that you just come and inhabit your your saints this Lord in Jesus name Lord we ask all these things. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just be uh Lord as we uh Brother uh Bruce can you just take up the offerings? Amen. Thank you. Yes. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. There is a place. How many knows that place? There is. There is. There is a peace that I can know. There is a joy I can attain. There is a strength that will remain. There is a prayer that I can pray and know the answerers on the way. Thank you Jesus for giving this to me. Oh, thank you Jesus for bringing victory. Well, thank you Jesus for providing everything I need. There is a place that I can go. There is a peace that I can know. There is a joy I can attain. There is a strength that will remain. There is a prayer that I can pray and know the answer is on the way. Oh, thank you Jesus for gates to me. Oh, thank you Jesus for bringing victory. Oh, thank you Jesus for providing everything I need. Hallelujah. He's a provider. He provides everything we need. Amen. Won't it be wonderful there? Hallelujah. When the senior ever their glory land, won't it be wonderful there? End of the troubles and cares of the story land. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear. Joyously singing with heart bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Walking and talking like Christ the eternal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Praising, adoring, and majesty eternal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing, with heart bells are ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful [Music] there? There with the tempest will never be sweeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Sure that forever the Lord will be keeping us. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear. Joyously singing with harp bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear joyously sing with heart bells all ringing. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Halle. Won't it be wonderful there? Hallelujah. Swing low, sweet chariot. Amen. I looked over Jordan and what did I see coming forth to carry me home? A band of angels coming after me, coming back to carry me home. Swing low. Sweet chariot coming forth to carry me home. Swing low. Sweet chariot coming forth to carry me home. If you get there before I do, coming forth to carry me home. Tell all my friends I'mma come soon. Coming forth to carry me home. Swing low. Sweet cherryot coming forth to carry me home. Swing low, sweet chariot, coming forth to carry me home. I looked over Jordan and what did I see? Coming forth to carry me home. A band of angels coming after me. Coming forth to carry me home. Swing low, sweet cherryot. Coming forth to carry me home. Swing low. Sweet chariot coming forth to carry me home. If you get there before I do leave, coming forth to carry me home. Tell all my friends I'm a coming soon. Coming forth to carry me home. Swing low. Amen. Let's just stand this morning. Coming forth to carry me home. Swing low, sweet chariot coming forth to carry me home. Hallelujah. As our as our as our pastor comes this morning. Amen. Let's just sing to be like Jesus where the word says you'll know him because you'll be like him when he comes. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth to be like him. All through life's journeys from earth to glory. I only ask to be like him. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. On earth I long to be like him. All through life's journeys from earth to gloryy. I only ask to be like him. To be light. My precious Jesus Christ my love to be like him. All through life journey from earth to glory the only be like you. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. That's all God wants us is to be like him. Praise you, Jesus. Hallelujah. I don't think there's any greater honor than to be like Jesus. Amen. We could we could have everything, but if we're not like him, Amen. The thing is he he gave himself that we can become like him. Thank you Jesus. We could receive the Holy Spirit inside of our heart and the work of of grace could be done. And the very first uh song that we sung, know ye not yet our temple, I just knew that the the Lord is here preparing us for the word this morning. And I just appreciate the spirit that we feel this morning in God's house. Amen. Let's just praise the Lord. Amen. He's worthy. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't think we can praise him too much. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Turn with me if you would in your Bibles to two scripture readings. First is going to be Zechariah chapter 4 and then the second one is going to be Philippians chapter 1. I want to say it's um a great privilege uh to have brother Ray Hernandez here with us today. I don't know how many years it's been since you were at the other church. About 15 years. 15. Yeah. 15 20 years exactly. It's been a while. But uh brother Ray's daughter Anna Marie is good friends with um uh Ann, our daughter an um but we go back a long ways and also with brother Bruce. So good to see brother Bruce, sister Donna back safely. Um but and also we have uh Ra Reichen here. Reker, okay, for the first time. So we want to welcome him uh to the house of the Lord. Amen. Well, we before we begin reading here, let's look to the author of this book and and just ask him to help us to receive from him this morning. Heavenly Father, as we stand here, we are a needy people. We're not fully in your image yet. We're not all what we need to be yet. We need more of your grace. That's right. And we ask that you would be merciful to us this morning. Forgive us of our sins and our trespasses. Cleanse us of everything, Lord, that would hinder the working of the Holy Spirit in all of our hearts. Amen. Remove every doubt, every fear, remove everything from the past. We're forgetting those things which are behind, and we're pressing towards the mark this morning. Lord, we pray that you would give us ears to hear, eyes to see, a heart to receive, understand, perceive, and to be able to walk away from um this this meeting with you, this time with you, this precious intimate moment with you, that we would have more of you inside of us. We commit the service to you and ask your blessings now in the reading of the word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Hallelujah. Amen. Zechariah chapter 4, starting with verse number five. Then the angel that taught with me answered and said unto me, "Knowest thou not, but these be?" And I said, "No, my lord." And he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord of hosts. Amen. Who art thou, oh great mountain before Zerubbable. Thou shalt become a plain, and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. Hallelujah. Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house. His hands shall also finish it, and thou shalt know the Lord of hosts have sent me unto you. Praise the Lord. For who have despised the day of small things, for they shall rejoice, and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbable with those seven. They are the eyes of the Lord which run to and fro through the whole earth. Amen. And then just one verse here in Philippians chapter 1 verse uh number six very common verse for all of us probably can be quoted by most being confident of this very thing. He which have begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. Thank you Jesus. Amen. God bless you. may be seated. Amen. Amen. I believe it's always good to give thanks for the word of God. It's the it is what um it was in the beginning, it will be in the end, and it is what actually transforms us into a complete image of Jesus Christ. Amen. Is the word of God. We have a part to play. And that part is to believe it. Just believe it. You know, we can't we can't make it. God's already made it. We just have to believe it. Now, Zerubbabel was the head or the governor of the tribe of Judah. He was a descendant of King David through Solomon. And God told Zerubbabel through the prophet Zachchariah to rebuild the first temple which was Solomon's temple. Uh and that was about 65 years ago that it had had got destroyed at this time. So, Zerubbabel he accepted the responsibility of rebuilding the new Jerusalem temple. Wow. And the rebuilding of the temple, it was a huge project. Uh and it became so difficult that Zerubbabel actually halted the project. He just stopped. All the work had stopped all together. The work of the building, the capital that it was kind of put on the back burner and Zerubbabo got greatly discouraged and disheartened and dismayed because of of the situation. Does anybody know why Sabobo stopped building the temple? Does anybody know? Does anybody know? Good. Good. So, we were learning here today. Okay. The temple was stopped because of their adversaries. Even though it was a huge undertaking and it wasn't too great that it couldn't get done, but because of their adversaries, the work had stopped. See, the enemy wanted did not want the building to be rebuilt. Amen. Amen. And was working against Zerubbabel and he discouraged him and they stopped and and and in fact the scripture tells us that later a decree from the Persian king came against him and the enemy successfully persuaded the king to halt the project altogether. True. And see I believe this is a a perfect type of the believer today. Amen. As we send that song, know ye not, ye are the temple of the living God. Amen. And every person surrenders their life to God. And God begins to build our temple for his dwelling. And Jesus said, I say unto thee that thou are Peter upon this rock. I'll build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail. So there's God is building his his temple inside of us, right? And the the church is is built upon the revealing of who Christ is. As as we as we read the word, as we pray, as we come to church, as we listen to tapes, that word uh uh becomes real to us. And as it becomes real to us, we recognize two things. One, who Christ is. And when we know who he is, since we're attached to him, we now get the revelation of who we are. Amen. and and and and so there's this as we realize who we are, then we we know that the gates of hell can't even prevail against because we're we're a part of Christ. We're the bride of Christ. And and so there's this building uh project that that's going on and we've been predestinated to be conformed into the image of Christ. And we're told in the scriptures that we need to keep adding to the temple. Yeah. Right. the divine nature of God so he can come and dwell in second Peter 1:5 says that besides this giving all diligence add to your faith virtue virtue knowledge knowledge temperance temperance patience patience godliness and godliness brotherly kindness and to brotherly kindness charity see there's a building that's going on here and that you got to give diligence to the building project statue of a the bride of Christ is the building of God's character in the believer And we are mar we are made partakers of Christ if we don't start but if we finish. I want to give you two scriptures. They're both Hebrews 3. Hebrews 3:14. For we are made partakers of Christ if we hold the beginning confidence steadfast until the end. Now even though Zerubbabo had started the rebuilding of the project, he got discouraged because of the enemy and he quit. Now, unfortunately, even though his intentions was good, he started the project, he was moving in the right direction, the building never got completed. And we're hearing in the scriptures, we are not made partakers of Christ if we start, we get baptized. We're made partakers of Christ if we hold the beginning of our confidence steadfast to the end. Amen. Verse six of the same chapter says, "But Christ as a son over his own house, his own drown, whose house we are, if we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of hope, firm to the end." Amen. So, we've got to finish the temple. We've got to finish the project. Yeah. Amen. Now, in the process of this enormous building project that's going on in our lives, there's an adversary that's obviously trying to discourage us. It's trying to hinder the process, slow the work down, and finally just get it to stop all together. Like, why should I try anymore? Right? Nothing seems to be progressing. No one seems to care, right? I can't seem to overcome this part. True. Why isn't anybody helping me? And we're just kind of left there alone just wondering how this thing is going to get finished. Amen. First Peter 5:7 says, "Casting all your care upon him for he carth for you." Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary, the devil, is a roaring lion. He walketh about seeking whom he may devour. So he's out there trying to stop the building project. Whom resist steadfast in what? The faith. Oh, I wish I would have brought the pyramid. I meant to bring the pyramid with me. Whom resist steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren in the world. So I just want to say this. Whatever we're going through, so is everybody else. That's right. Well, that's right. We're all in a battle. We're We're all facing difficulties. We all have things to overcome. Amen. The devil is trying to stop everybody's building project all over the world. It It's not just us. And we're not the one that's that's got it the hardest. I know the devil that's part of that's what the what the devil wants us to to feel like, but it's not true. True. And and God wants us to cast our cares upon him. Just cast it upon him. He cares. He'll see us through. Hallelujah. The devil's fighting against us. He's allowed to God's allowed it to do that. He's trying to get our enthusiasm just to just kind of not enthused anymore. Not as excited as I was when I was became a Christian and I got baptized. just trying to suppress that that that love for God and that that excitement to come into his image and it all be if we're not careful it becomes like a a religion just to go into church and and just do your duties and say a little prayer here a little reading here and before you know it there's there's really nothing building going on. It's just a form of godliness. Amen. True. And Jesus is teaching us to finish the race, to don't just have a foundation, but to finish the building. Here in Luke 14:28, he says, "For which of you intending to build a tower siteth not that down first, and countth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it, right? Happily, after you have laid the foundation, got baptized, right? and is not able to finish it. All that behold it began to mock him. That's right. Saying this man began to build and was not able to finish. God is wanting us to finish the project. Did you know the closer you get to the top of that pyramid, the more narrow it becomes? That means all the people that were down here in the foundation of faith, they can't even fit up there in love. They can't. There's not enough room. Because as you get closer to Christ, people start falling off because it's too hard, ain't worth it. I thought I thought I only had to do was this and every, you know, believe, get baptized, I'm saved. That's all I thought. And then and then there's there's no vision to be just like Jesus. Amen. The top of the pyramid is charity. It's the capstone of God's grace. Amen. And I'll say it like this. I believe too many believers have left off the capstone. I believe too many believers have left off the capstone. I'll say it 25 times if I need to say it, but it's the truth. The prophet told us that whatever we do, we need to get perfect love. We need to get the capstone. I'll say it's the it's the completion of God's building. That's right. Sure. And and we're we're we're not interested We're not in a church that's just interested in getting saved. No. We're not in a church that's just interested in getting prospered by God. We're in a church that believes in becoming in the image of Christ so we can be his bride. Amen. So that's a little bit higher standard. Amen. It's not it's not using God for salvation. It's not using God for prosperity. It's allowing God to come into our life and change us into his image. It's a much different vision. And so here in Colossians 3:12, the scripture tells us to put on therefore as the elect of God. Not just just a regular churchgoer now, but as the elect of God, put on holy and beloved bowels of mercy. Bows of mercy. Amen. Kindness, sir. humbleness of mind and meekness and longsuffering, forbearing one another, forgiving one another. And if any man have ever qu, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. Right? Now, this is pretty strong because if you think about it, all the quarrels that God has had against you, us, they're rightly so. Amen. We've done them. God has never accused us for something we didn't do. Like he's never accused me for go robbing a bank because I never robbed a bank. But whatever I have done and I've been accused of, I'm guilty of and he forgave me. So whatever anybody has ever done to you, even though they've done it, you have the responsibility of forgiving them just like Christ forgave you. Now that's what the bride puts on. Not the regular church goer. Now, right, right. And look at this verse 14. But, but where's our verse 14? But above, if you got your Bibles, Colossians 3:14, and above all these things, put on charity. Put on charity. Put it on. Above all of these things that we just read about, put on charity. Bless the Lord. which is the bond of perfectness. Amen. And let the peace of God ruin your hearts to the which also you are called in one body. And be ye thankful. Amen. Oh, amen. I'll tell you, if we could just do the word, our lives would change. That's true. Just fall in that place of thankfulness. Fall in that place of being at peace. fall in that place of, you know what, my priority is to put on charity. You know, I'm all about agreeing with the word, but I'm more about hungering and thirsting to see that word in me so that when I leave that I'm actually putting in to practice this word so I can come into his image. Amen. Saint wants to get us so distracted. He don't want us to work on building and finishing the temple. He wants us to keep us in a in a place of just, well, we'll let everybody else do it in church. We'll let everybody else fix the problem. We'll let everybody else dealing with it. We'll just There's like no caring about building, right? It's a wrong spirit. Yeah. It's wrong spirit. And and to be honest with you, I'm not saying that we don't have Christ. What I'm trying to minister is that we need all of Christ. That we all need to come into his image. Yes, sir. And and it it the only way that'll happen is if you you're willing to take on the responsibility like Zerubbabo did. So no matter how difficult it may seem, our building needs to be completed for a rapture. And this is Christ working his will in our lives. Amen. And his will is that we put the the capstone of love upon us. Right? So, we can't just do this work, this God's work by ourselves. It takes God to do the work of God. We need a great master builder. And this is Christ. And what did the angel tell Zerubbabel? He said in uh uh Zechariah 4:6, he said, "And the word of the Lord uh this is the word of the Lord unto Relo saying, not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord of hosts." Amen. So now we are looking to the Holy Spirit to do this in our lives. Not our own ability. We're looking to God to do it. Our faith is in God to do it. Hallelujah. And then this question comes, who art thou, oh great mountain? Think about the mountains in your life. Who art thou? Who art thou great mountain? Before Zerubbable, thou shalt become a plain. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. You have that faith. Nothing shall be able to stand before you. Nothing. And he shall bring forth thee headstone. In other words, this church is going to be completed. He's going to bring forth the headstone there uh thereof with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. Hallelujah. It's going to happen. Amen. There will be a bride. There will be somebody that comes into the full image of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. We need to have our faith up here and not dwelling down here where the devil wants us, where the adversary wants us. Having our mind down on these problems, right? Get them up at heavenly places where God can lift us up above. We're eagles. We're eagles. Amen. Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, "The hand of Zerubbabable have laid the foundation. His hands also shall finish it." Praise the Lord. "And thou shall know that the Lord of hosts have sent me unto you." Now, notice this. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit. Verse nine, telling us that Zerubbabel laid the foundation and Zerubbabel is going to finish it. Right? I want you to understand this that you are workers together with Christ. You play a part in this building. Amen. Sure. And I'm going to prove it in the scriptures here just a little bit as we go on. But God is going to move mountains out of our life. Thank you, Jesus. And I believe that whatever is standing before the bride, it's going to be made a plain. Praise the Lord. And and God is going to bring the capstone of love down upon our lives. Not by power, not by might, not by our efforts. Right? But by us having a a love relationship with Jesus Christ, loving his word, wanting to obey his word every day and that love comes down and says, "Yes, this is this is my house." Amen. Thank you, Father. Now, what will accompany this capstone coming down? What will accompany this capstone coming down? shoutings, crying, grace, grace onto it. You just think about your lives the last couple weeks, how much you've been shouting, "Thank you for the grace of God in my life." I think too often we talk about our problems so much, Amen. that we we see grace in a far distance. I believe that we need to come into the place where we're just shouting, "It's been the grace of God in my life. I've seen God's grace everywhere in my life." And just shouting, "Grace, grace." That's all I see is the grace of God in my life. Hallelujah. Verse nine, the hands of Zer rubble have laid the foundation. His hand also shall finish it. Thou shalt know that the Lord of hosts have sent me unto you. It was by God's spirit, but yet the hand of Zerubbabel had actually was the one that finished the the temple. And what was in Zerubbabel's hand? Does anybody know? Verse 10 reveals to us what was in Zerubbabel's hand. For who have despised the day of small things? For they shall rejoice and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabible with those seven. So what was in Zerubbable's hand was the word of God. That's what that's what the plum line was. That's what he made level. That's what he made straight. That's what he that's what he made everything in his life was according to the word of God. And if you keep the word, if you keep the word and you go by the word, you're going to finish the tabernacle. You're going to finish the tabernac. But if you set that aside, well, this is what I think. This is how things should go. This is how it should be. The only thing you're going to do is build some messed up house, right? It won't be a dwelling for God. I don't care how religious or how important you think you are or how much God loves you. God is going to dwell in his word, and that's all he's going to dwell in. We need to become the word. That needs to become our priority. Amen. The plummet is the word of God. It's what we measure everything in our lives by. Take God's word for your life. Become more serious about building your temple. Don't rely on just um a church or or or some bread of life card or or or some some text or something somebody sends you or something pops up and says, "Well, that must be a a word, you know, to help me to encourage me today." or something like that. Look, we need to get a vision. The vision that temple needs to be built and that we need to have put our heart into it. Accept the responsibility that we're going to take this word more seriously in our lives. True. True. And then walk with more of a confidence. That's right. Being conf I want to take I want to take some scriptures out of four different chapters in Philippians. First one is our opening scripture. Philippians 1:6. Being confident, thinking about this building now, that's why we're going through these scriptures. Being confident of this very thing, that he which have begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. God is not going to leave us unbuilt. Amen. It's not going to do it. It's not in his mind. It's not in his thoughts. I have an expected end for you. Right. I I to give us peace and a an ending in our life that that God can come and and dwell inside us. I'll tell you when God is inside you got peace, you got love, you got joy, you got everything that you could possibly, you got so much that you can literally go through the fire. Never get burnt. Hallelujah. Amen. Because his his spirit has a way of just numbing everything else in your life. Amen. Amen. Okay. The next one is in Philippians chapter 2 starting with verse 12. Wherefore my beloved, as you have always obeyed, not in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. So now we got to work on working out this this this building of our temple, right? I can't rely on Brother Ron to build for me. I can't. I love Brother Ron. Could ask him to pray, but he's got his He's got his own task, and that's to build his own temple. Amen. I am the one that needs fear and trembling. I am the one that needs respect to God's word. I am the one that needs to make sure that I got the plummet in my hand and then I'm doing what I need to do. I can't rely on anybody else. That means I must be like Zerubbabel. Take upon me the responsibility of building this. We're hearing in the scripture that we're to work out our own salvation, work out this own tabernacle with fear and trembling. And then he goes on to say, "For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure." So we know that every time God comes to us, he's not going to come to us with a pat on the back doing a good job. You're in the message. He's not going to do that. Amen. He's going to come to you and he says, "You know what? I want to work on something with you." That's right. Amen. You mean God, you're not happy with me. You're not satisfied with me. You're not content. You're just always always wanting more. There is a part of God that says, "I have many things." Look here, the very fact that he makes this statement, "You've been predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son." Wow. Wonderful. For me to say, I'm in his image. Humble yourself before your Lord and King. I can't go there in my mind, in my thoughts. I have to stay in this place that God is still working on me. God is still calling me to do something. God is still working in something in my life. Amen. So, we need to be encouraged that the fact is that we will be working on this building until we're out of here. Brother Brandon says, "God ain't going to take somebody until he's most ready to go." The fact that you're here proves that God wants to work in your life. For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. So do all things without murmuring right and disputing. When's the last time you went one day, just one day and didn't murmur and complain in your mind? In your mind. It's a real scripture. When's the last time you went one day and you didn't have one murmur and complain come out of your mouth? Look, you need to get serious with the word. That's all there is to it. Before you know it, you start the rumble and all of a sudden the enemy is in camp. The enemy is in your camp. And you stop the building. You start murmuring. No, it's not God. God's not doing this. This is just everybody else, right? All right. The next one is going to be in chapter 3. Philippians chapter 3. We're talking about building our building and our attitude. What we need to do to get the building built. So, we got to be confident. We got to let God do his work. Philippians chapter 3:13. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended. Right? But this one thing I do, I'm forgetting those things which are behind this this this enemy that's discouraged me that's that's got me off track and I'm reaching forth unto those things which are before which is a a finished tabernacle, a finished temple. I press towards the mark for the prize of the high calling of Christ of God in Christ Jesus. I am pressing towards a capstone. That's right. That's right. message that the prophet brought back when we went beyond the curtain of time was get perfect love. Now, I say for the most part, it's going to be hard to get that if we don't even get a revelation of what that is. Right. Everybody's got an opinion of what love is. Yeah. Right. But then he says, you know, get to the place where you can love everybody. You can't even love your enemy. Yeah. Are you there? You know what? All you got to do is go one day and see if you're murmur and complain about something. You'll find out how much you got. You'll find out how much you got. If you hold yourself accountable, if you hold the plummet in your hand, wow. To put on per perfectness, to put on charity, put on the capstone, if you hold it in your hand, and you line your life up with this. Amen. You'll become it. But you set it aside. Say, "Well, this is the way I think. I'm just doing the best I can to just, you know, make it through the day. Cast your cares upon him. Get down in the prayer closet. Get get alone with God. Get something to where the building can start going. Come on now. This is a message for the bride today. That's right. Philippians, the next one is in the last chapter of Philippians. Philippians chapter 4:13 says, "I can do all things through the plummet." Amen. To Christ. This is what gives me strength. Amen. Now, I don't Now understand, I'm not just meaning the the written word. It's not by power, not by might, but it's by the spirit word. By the spirit word, right? That's what gives me strength. True. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Wait, I say again, wait on the Lord. Amen. He'll give you strength to get serious about this becoming the temple of the living God and to finish it. It's not about who started. We've all started, right? We've all started. But how many people have left the church? How many people have left? And one of the biggest tricks of the devil he starts with, he gets the people to leave before they left. Oh yes. Just like the children of Israel, they left in their heart. They were still in the presence of God getting blessed. Shoes didn't wear out, but in their heart they stopped building. We need the strength of God to continue to move forward. And you have to believe with this faith. I can do all things through Christ. You strengthen me. Verse 19, count it. Just trust in this. But my God shall supply all of your need according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus. Amen. My God. Paul's talking about my God. Not your God, but my God. We're testifying of our God. Our God owns the cattle on a thousand hill. Our God is able to do exceedingly above all that we would ask or think. Our God is able to supply all of our needs according to his riches and glory. Now, if we believe the plummet, it'll happen. Amen. Amen. And if we don't believe it, don't murmur and complain. Now what will accompany the capstone coming down? Shoutings, crying grace, grace onto it. all this whole process here, this building, being confident and let God work his will in your life and and pressing towards and and and and just trusting that God's going to supply what should be coming out of our mouth and our life and our thoughts and our mind is grace. Grace. Praise you, Lord, for your grace. Not the not the problem that I'm stuck in. Not the situation that's keeping me down. Because if we stare at that, it it's going to take away from us um with that expectation that that God is going to take care of the this this mountain that's standing in the way. It's got to be made flat. The capstone's got to come and sit on it. Now, just say you have a part to play. Jesus. We need to magnify the grace of God in our lives. Magnify it. Magnify it. I tell you, if God would have came to Zerubbabel with the word of the Lord, the temple would have never got finished. But because the word of the Lord came to the came to Zerubbabable and said, "By your hand, this temple is going to be completed. It won't be by power and might. It'll be by my spirit. But I'm going to use you. You're going to believe in my word. You're going to hold my plumb. You're going to believe it. It's going to happen in your life. Whatever you can say for your life, it'll happen. Wherever the souls of your feet shall tread upon, it is yours. Amen. It just it being unto you according to your faith, Jesus said. True. So, where do you stand with your problem? What are you looking at? Are you looking at your mountain? I just say like this. The more that you can reflect on the grace of God in your life, the more it'll encourage you to believe that God's going to push you forward. Amen. It's the devil's trick to get you looking at your problem. What we need today is a greater revelation of the grace of God. Not just I want this is so important. We're going to get into something. is not just the grace of God for us or towards us, but the grace of God inside of us. It's two different things. There are so many scriptures in the Bible that that express the grace of God. They are the very foundation of of of of our building is literally by grace. And I want to go through at least this one. We all know the pyramid of uh faith is the bottom of it. Right? Faith is the bottom and everything is built on that. Ephesians chapter 2 verse4. But but God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he loved us even when we were dead in sins have quickened us together with Christ. By grace are you saved. Amen. There's that grace. that the very foundation of our salvation is by grace and has raised us up together and made us to sit in heavenly places um in Christ Jesus that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in the ages to come he might um show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness towards us through Jesus Christ for by grace are you saved what through faith there's there's the plummet I There there's the part you play. There's enough grace to save the world, but grace alone can't save you. You've got to have faith in the grace. And so, you've got to have faith that God is going to move the mountain, that God is going to finish your temple. It it don't stop. It's grace, grace, grace every step of the way. Without faith, it's impossible to please God. It is the foundation and every virtue and knowledge and patience, temperance, all those. You need each one of those to build. Without faith, you're not going to get strength. And you need strength, brother Ron, for every one of those things that you put on there because you got an enemy. You got an adversary that's coming at you and say, "No, you don't need this in your life. You're saved. That's all that matters." Right? You got you got the enemy coming and trying to discourage you. So you need strength. So you you build upon that. And that's how you build your your your tabernacle for God to come and dwell inside of you. And this is why it needs to be a a serious thing that we're we're we're giving all diligence to add add the virtues of Christ, the character of Christ to to build our tabernacle that God can come and live inside. And every time one of those is laid in her life, I believe that that it is the grace of God that you got virtue. It is the grace of God that you got uh patience and and and temperance and and brotherly kindness. It is the grace of God. And I'll tell you, the bride of Christ is just shouting grace, grace, grace. And they're looking forward for the capstone to come down and cap their life with a perfect love. Not some makebelieve, not some I'll fake it or paint it. It's a real genuine thing. They can stab you in the back. They can talk about you. It don't matter. But the love of God is shed abroad in your heart by the Holy Ghost. It's a real thing. I can do all things through Christ that strengthenth me. This building can be built all the way up to the capstone of God's divine love inside of the believer. Now he goes on to say, "But if these things be in you and abound, they make you that you should neither be barren nor fruitful in the knowledge of Jesus Christ. But if you lack these things, you're blind. You can't see a far off. And you've even forgotten what even started in your life, which was the grace of God that purged your sins." We got to keep crying grace. Hey, you're either going to cry grace, grace, grace, or you're going to cry problem, problem, problem. True. John chapter 1 verse 16 and 17. John chapter 1 verse 16 and 17. And of his fullness have we all received grace for grace of his fullness have we all received. and grace. Grace for the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. Remember Jesus didn't come to do away with the law. He came to what is the fulfillment of the law? The fulfillment of the law was to be able to truly forgive everyone that couldn't keep all the law. That's what the fulfillment of the law was. That's why he could take that woman who was caught in adultery and said, "Neither do I condemn thee." That's why he could take Zachar uh uh Yes. Thank you, my brother. That's why he could take all of our lives that we could not fulfill the law. And you know what he did? He loved us and forgave us. Thank you. And you know what he taught us? His bride will have that same spirit. His bride will have that same spirit. She will fulfill the law. She will be able to forgive. She will be able to love. She will be able to cover. She'll be just like Jesus. God has given us grace. And as God has given us grace, the capstone will not come upon us unless we learn to be gracious towards others. Right? So I just want to stay here in this part for just a little bit. Grace for grace. God gives grace then we should become gracious to others. Jesus says if you don't forgive others their trespasses and sin he's right your heavenly father forgive you of yours. See grace for grace. You know there's a parable where there Jesus told us there was a debtor who owed lifetimes of debt and he was freely graciously forgiven of all his debt. And then he turned around to someone that owed him just a very little bit. And he wouldn't be gracious to him. No, you Oh, you shouldn't have done that. You don't talk to me that way. And what And what did the creditor came back and he said, "I'm taking your grace away." He says, "You owe me the whole thing." And he threw him in prison. Right? The very grace that was given, God took it away from him. If we do not give grace for grace, we're not getting more grace. This idea of, well, God saved me and I'm it's all glory to God, me and God, and I don't have to worry about how I treat my brother and sister, how I talk, how everybody knows I am. I am telling you, you are deceived. God gives us a chance. us what grace is. He gives us a chance to go out and do to others as they've done to us. As God has done for us. So God says, you know, I'm going to forgive you. You know what I want? I want to see me and you. I want to see me and you. You go forgive somebody just like I did. Now, you can't do it by your power and your might. But I tell you, if you get the goods, if you get the Holy Ghost, you can forgive. That's true. You know, I'm going to forgive you of your debt. You couldn't pay it anyways. He paid a debt. I I could not pay out of debt. And he says, "You know what? I'm going to give you some people in your life that are going to bother you and give you a little problem and you're going to get a little offended by them, but you know what? I'm going to give you an opportunity to just freely forgive them. or you can lean to your own understanding. I'm going to show them they're going to remember this down the road. And God said, "What? What? Where's our relationship? Didn't you just realize what I did with you?" And you know, it just it it just it astonishes me. I what I see, brother Landers, more people have a religion than a relationship. A relationship with Christ means it'll be lived with your brothers and sisters. We've got to learn to be gracious. We've got to It's just It's got to be our our our main focus. That's that's telling God, "I'm ready for more. I'm I'm I'm ready for more, Lord. The Bible tells us about those whose names were taken out of the book of life. So, they had grace to get there and now it was taken out. I wonder why. See, not everyone is going to be crying grace. Not everyone is going to be recognizing God's grace in their life. Some are going to feel more of an entitlement, like others owe them, like they're better than others, and they don't need to be gracious towards them for some reason. But not the bride. That is not the attitude of the bride. She has a revelation of the grace of God that it is progressive. And that the capstone is coming down on her. She's literally saying, "Grace, yes, you want grace. You you you're sorry. I forgive you." She's crying grace, grace to everybody. She wants the whole world and all about the grace of God. Not just bragging about the grace that God has on them, but the grace that lives inside. It's inside. Not just toward you or at you, but it's inside that you can give it out. It's like a fountain of grace inside of your life. of his fullness have we all received and grace for grace. Brother Ram talked about broken systems. Everybody knows what that is. That's a water comes in one way but nothing goes out. In other words, grace comes into a person's life but it can't come out. Becomes stagnant. Their life becomes stagnant. You don't want to drink from them. You don't want to get around them because it's always ugly what they're talking about. It's always something negative going on. This is like they all they want is grace for their life, but they don't want to do anything to do give grace to build the tabernacle to to finish the t to finish the temple. Amen. How many want more grace? All right. James chapter 4:6. But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resists the proud, and he giveth grace unto the humble. Was that not our second song that we sung or right about that? I I somewhere in there. If we want more grace, humble ourselves before God. He he has a certain demeanor about him to those who are um a little proud, a little quietly arrogant, a little bit uh I I I'm not going to try. I don't feel like worshiping. You know why we don't worship? We're too proud. But I'll tell you what, there's not a moment in your life that you don't want somebody coming up to you and saying, "Good job." But we can't come into God's house and worship him. Well, Brother John, I worship him with my life. That's good. We need to do that. We need to do that. We need to worship him. How we're towards others, how we're forgiving and loving. That's how you worship Christ. You let grace come out. But I'm just saying if you want more grace, let go and let God have his way. Worship him. Shout grace. Grace. Thank you for saving my soul, Lord. I know it didn't happen today, but I I I believe in your salvation today. I believe in grace today. Shout it out. Amen. Submit yourselves therefore to God. Draw nigh to God. Amen. How do I do this? Verse N says, "Be afflicted. Mourn, weep. Let your laughter be turned to mourning, your joy to heaviness. Humble yourself in the sight of the Lord." You know, you know, too often people are just wanting everybody to know about them. I I don't get that. Instead of humbling yourself before the Lord, we want to lift oursel up in front of people. God is blessed are the pure in heart. God is calling us to humble oursel in him. Just be humble. Be real. Verse 11, speak not evil one of another. Brethren, he that speaketh evil of his brother and judgeth his brother speaketh evil of the law and and judgeth the law. But if thou uh judge the law, thou are not a doer of the law, but a judge. There is one lawgiver who is able to save and destroy. Who art thou that judges another? So here this thought process of saying something negative about anybody in your conversations. Well, brother Ron, this is just between me and you. But you know what? You know, Bob, I got a problem with Bob. You know, I just had this experience just between me and you. I can talk to you because you know, look, before you know it, our thoughts speak louder in heaven than our words here on earth. We can judge people all day long and never come out of our mouth. But if you want more grace, we just heard the scriptures. Say something good about somebody. Amen. I want to forgive that person. If that person did that to me, I would forgive them. Let it be real. Let it be real. All right. Colossians chapter 4. We're going to have to hurry because time is filled with swift transition. Colossians 4:5. Walk in wisdom toward them that are without redeeming. Walk in wisdom toward them that are. Now, let me just say this. If I'm going to walk in wisdom towards Ron, Brother Ron, sorry, brother. Um, I'm going to come and I'm going to say, you know what? I'm better than Ron. Hey, it's wisdom. It's worldly wisdom, strife, envy. I'm going to prove to Ron I know more than him because I'm going to redeem the time. I need him to know that he's under me. Or I can come to him with the with the wisdom of God, peace about, gentle, easy to be treated, full of full without partiality, full of compassion. Christ just calling the bride to walk in wisdom towards towards others to redeem the time. There's not much time. Every conversation that you have with somebody, it's either going to puff you up or you're going to try to edify somebody. You're trying to help somebody, right? Okay. So, what do I do? What's the next verse? Let your speech be always with grace. Shouting grace, grace, grace. Your conversation is grace with everything that comes out. God don't need you to be his spokesman. Well, I just got to set this thing in order. What you need to set in order is your tabernacle. What you need to set in order is your temple. What you need to do is let your conversation be always with grace. The bride is shouting grace in everything. Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that you may know how you'll answer every problem with Bob. You know, I don't even need to know Christ. Put him in his place. You know what I'm saying? Answer this, right? It's just it's attitude. But you know what? If you don't have walk in the spirit and you not fulfill the lust of the flesh, you you you need to be walking in the Holy Spirit. You need to have the the the living plummet in your hand. How do I handle this, Lord? How do I talk about this? How do I deal with this? I want to finish this building. I know that these things that are coming in my life, they're just not by chance. God don't deal with us like some lottery ticket. Oh, you just got a bunch of problems. No, he specifically designed problems in your life to build a character that you need. Thank you, Jesus. Some believers never ever learn how to talk with grace. They don't. The only way you'll hear them talk nice is if you don't challenge them. Yeah. You don't ask them of anything. You don't show them a higher standard. You that you just got to tell them how great they are. And that's about the only way you can get them talk nice. That's why brother says take a big man to get underneath a a a little man. But some people never really learn because they they don't get they they're they're like that person that says, "No, you owe me. I'm entitled. You do instead of I've been forgiven so much I can't get my mind off of that. There's been so much grace in my life. Yeah. You want grace, Sister Linda. Brother Ben, you want Brother Mike? You want it? Sister Gabby, you want it? Yes. There's grace. Grace. That's where the bride at looking to give grace because you know what? It's not you now. It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. We know we can't do it, but he can. Yes, he can. And he spoke the word that he will have a bride. She will have the capstone. And it's coming with shoutings, with grace. Grace unto it. It's coming. Yes, sir. We just need to simply appreciate God's grace more. Brother Brandham said in the message church order, he says, "Don't ever get yourself puffed up to a place where you know more that that you know more about it than your pastor or the church or the church that you are worshiping in." He says, 'If you get to that place, then I would advise each of you to get to another place to worship with because I'm asking the pastor, Brother Neville, never to permit anything outside of Bible order, the way that has been set here in this church. See, we need to be careful how we're dealing with problems. Even in God's economy, the prophet is subject to the prophets. There's an order. There's not chaos. There's not confusion. And if you're not you're not thinking about the words you're saying, you're just speaking whatever you want to speak. It's going to usually cause confusion in the church. Yes. And so what we need to do is we need to with grace deal with things and and and if you have grace, you're going to receive more grace. It's grace for grace, not you owe me grace, but I'm not really too caring about you. That spirit, you can see it. But I believe that God has something special for his bride. Make a way for the capstone to come upon you. Brother B says, "Get to the place that you can love everyone, even your enemy." Some of us struggle at loving one another. Struggle at being gracious towards one another. Instead of letting your speech be always with grace, too often we don't even seem to care how other people feel about what we say. We're only interested in getting our point across. We don't care about how forward or rude we we may seem. We seem to care about having grace uh for ourselves but not for others. I mean sometimes don't even really care about unity at the expense of what we want. Ephesians 4:1 says, "I therefore are the prisoner of the Lord beseech you that you walk worthy of vocation where with your called with all loneliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love, endeavoring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. What a responsibility. While we're building, now notice, it's not your brother. It's not your sister. It's the enemy that's stopping the building project. You got to recognize who your enemy is. It's not your family member. It's Satan that's trying to keep you down. It's the truth. So, what you have to do is if there's an issue, be gracious towards that person and let it go. just let it go and move on. You're building to me. Every time there's a problem that comes towards me, I look at it as an opportunity to get closer to God. Because to have a life without overcoming anything means you're not an overcomer. And everybody wants to go through the day without overcoming anything. But I'm saying get to the place where you're fearless. That nothing will stand before you. Like Joshua and Caleb were more than able to take the land. the capstone's coming and I'm gonna be just like Jesus. Brother Brandham says if there's only one in that city, you make sure you're that you're that one that's going. You just got to have that bulldog faith that you're going and that you're going to live the life that's going to prove it. Walk in wisdom towards them that without redeeming the time. Let your conversation be with grace. And he goes in verse four says there is there is one body, one spirit. Even as you're called in one hope, you're calling one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God, Father all who's above all and through all and in you all. Speaking of a oneness now, which means as Christ forgave us to be one with us, we forgive one another to be one with them. But unto every one of us, verse seven, is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. We're saved by grace, not of ourselves. It is the gift of God. In other words, he died providing us an opportunity to receive the gift of salvation. To every one of us is given the gift of grace, a measure of grace. It's there. You can become whatever you want to become. Whatever you got faith for, it is yours. Amen. But you have to receive that grace. You have to believe in that grace. And God is not somebody that says it don't matter what you do. You get Christmas presents no matter what birth. It just you act it doesn't matter. You can just have all the kingdom. No. His attitude is all that ever came before me. thief and robbers. I got that attitude everywhere. I'm looking for a bride who actually loves me. And if you love me, you'll keep my commandments. He's looking for that group of people. Says, "God, you want me to start being gracious towards others. I know this is kind of wasn't on my bucket list to do, but if this is what you're asking me to do, I'm going to go ahead and do this." God provides opportunity every day for us. I believe the the Holy Ghost is a teacher. He's leading us into to all truth and he wants us that our our our speech be always with grace. So brother, sister, if there's a a mountain in your life, believe that God is going to dissolve that. Amen. That you can continue working on the project. I'll say don't wait till one this, you know, well, you know, wait till this happens with my this person and then I'll start. Don't do that. I remember at the beginning of my walk with the Lord, I used to have these little things that I would think, well, when this gets taken care of, then I'll I'll I'll put my my whole every everything into Christ. And you know what? I'll tell you to this day, if that if I ever waited for that, I would have never moved anywhere. Look, we only got so much time to get ready. We only got so much time to get souls saved. We only got so much time to get our kids in. We only got so much time to to be the influence that we want to be. Only so much time to get the temple built. And you know what? This temple is not built without test and trials, right? Character is is built in the fiery furnace of trials. You know, you literally have to go through the trial and make the right decision in the trial. True. And a lot of times trials have to do with how how they either make you more bitter like Pharaoh or they'll make you more gracious like Moses. You it is your choice. It's I say it like this. God came up to Pharaoh and said, "Look at there's grace here. Just let my people go and everything's going to be okay." But he did not accept that gift of grace. And what happened? He got killed. So I'll say like this. There's grace here. There's grace. Let's stand together. God bless you. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? He will move the mountain. He's going to finish the temple. He's looking for us to be crying out constantly, grace. Grace, the grace of God in our life. He that begun a good work in us, he's going to finish it. I believe it with all my heart. Let's sing that that song. Marvelous grace of our loving Lord. Let's focus on his grace. Marvelous grace. grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt. Amen. How poured there where the blood of the lamb was filled. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Sin and despair like the sea rays road threatening the soul with infinite loss. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Gater grace untold points to the refuge the mighty cross. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Dark is the stain that we cannot hide. What can a veil to wash it away? Look, there is flowing a crimson tide wider than snow. Maybe two. How many's thankful for that today? Grace. grace. God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within grace. Praise. God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. [Music] Marvelous, infinite, matchless grace freely bestowed on all who believe. You that are longing to see his face. Will you this moment his grace receive grace? Praise God's grace within praise. Great. God's grace. Grace that is ger than all our sin. Hallelujah. Amen. Maybe you just continue to play that. Amen. Amen. Let's worship him. He's worthy of grace. He's worthy of our praise. He's He's worthy to be given back, to be expressed of everything that he's given to us. Yes. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your grace, Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Amen. With every head bowed, every eye closed, I just wonder if there be anyone here today that knows I've never accepted the grace of God before in my life, but today I want to accept God's grace into my life. Be anybody here that's never ever received God's grace and wants to Amen. Amen. I wonder if there'd be anyone here today that can say, "I I know I need more of God's grace in my life. I want to be remembered in prayer today. I want to receive the grace of God." God bless these hands. God bless your precious soul, saints. Amen. Amen. Put down your hands. Amen. I wonder if there be anyone here today. every eye closed. Look, Jesus said, "Be be zealous, therefore, and repent." Maybe there'd be someone here today that know that God has given you grace, but you haven't been gracious towards somebody and you want to be able to give that grace out more freely. Say, "Brother John, would you remember me in prayer? I want to be able to to be I want to shout I want my life to shout out grace towards others." Amen. God bless all these hands. Oh my, how pleased God is. He wants to see grace manifested inside. Amen. Let's just believe with all of our heart because I believe God sees the sincerity of your heart, saints. And he's just he's wanting us to grow in grace. The Bible says, "Grow in grace and knowledge of Jesus Christ." Grow in it. Amen. Amen. As we just go ahead and we pray. our heavenly father. Lord, we want to thank you. Thank you for your amazing grace. Amen. Your marvelous grace. How sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. Amen. Lord, we thank you for pulling us out of the gutter of this world. Lord, when we didn't even think about you, care about you. Lord, we're just trying to make our own way. And you you you sent a soldier by some from some place, somewhere to get to us the message of grace that Lord, you you died at Calvary. That you provided a way that our sins could be blotted out and that there could there could be nothing that would stand between me and you, us and you. And Lord, today we thank you for that grace that you have bestowed upon each and every one of us here, God, that we're partakers of your grace. Amen. And that grace has never left us, Lord. We're still saved today. We're still saved today. We're standing here by the grace of God. Oh, yes. But God, we know that through this message you've given us today that that Lord, that your your grace is sufficient to finish the temple. And Lord, we've come, we're coming to you in prayer and seeking, Lord, that we might not only re be a recipient to receive more of your grace, but that that grace would abide, that would remain inside of us, that we could now distribute it out to others. You saw the hands that want to be the manifestation of this grace towards others. You see this in their life, all the opportunities. I pray that the love of God would be so shed abroad in their heart that it would not be hard for any of us here as your bride to be gracious towards one another. not to speak ill or or or or or discontent or murmuring or complaining or judging, but Lord, that we could just be as your bride to to to to be the uh uh blameless, as your word says, a a bride, the spotless uh in in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation. Oh, grant it, Lord. Grant it, Lord. We receive your word this morning into our hearts. We receive the engrafted word. We receive your grace. And Lord, with all faith, we believe, Lord, that every every layer that's put to this building and the capstone coming on, we know it's all by your grace. And we're we're taking your word. We're holding your word. We're believing your word. We're standing upon your word. And God, we're going to exercise your word every day of our lives. We're going to we're going to think on it. We're going to we're going to meditate upon it day and night, Lord, until we begin to see more of you manifest. and we're going to share it with others. And we're going to come to church rejoicing and and shouting with grace, grace, grace. Oh God, we're expecting perfect love. We're expecting all of you inside of us. And God, we just want to thank you this morning for your amazing grace that has allowed all this and is going to allow all this to happen. Thank you, Lord, that we could be right in the middle of this building project going on. And Lord, if there's been anyone here, anyone under the sound of my voice, anyone live streaming, anyone in the archives, anyone in this building, Lord, if there's anyone that has kind of halted on their building today, I pray God that they would hear the voice of God, speak to them to to to to get back and start start building the temple that you could come and and that may the fullness of the Holy Ghost could come and live inside of them. Grant it, Lord. We thank you for this today and we give you all the praise and honor for it. For we ask these things in Jesus Christ's holy name. Amen.
