################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-23 - 10.22.25 - I Don't Know Yet - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-23
Title:   10.22.25 - I Don't Know Yet - John Martin
Speaker: John Martin
Church:  Send The Light Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6sqmWH6Hz0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
17. And it came to pass, now this is this is the showdown, the Mark Carmel showdown, that it was it was God's person against um well, God's one person against the devil's people. That's that's what the showdown was. And the devil's people were religious, by the way. Verse 17. And it came to pass when Ahab saw Elijah that Ahab said unto him, "Art thou he that's troubling Israel? Are you are you the one that's troubling the church? Are you the one that troubling the home?" And he answered, I have not troubled Israel, but thou in thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the Lord, and has followed Balum. That's who troubles. That's who will trouble a church. That's what will trouble a home is someone that has forsaken the commandments of God and followed after something different than God Almighty. Now therefore send and gather to me all Israel unto Mount Carmel and the prophets of Baal 450 and the prophets of the groves 400 which ate at Jezebel's table. Now I'm just going to be honest with you. This is the this is not just the gods of of of Baal, but they the gods of um of Ash Harat. She was the Canaanite goddess. So there's 850 religious prophets against one man. Against one man. And Ahab sent unto all the children of Israel and gathered the the prophets together unto Mount Carmel. And Elijah said unto all the people uh came unto all the people and said, "How long he between two opinions, if the Lord be God, follow him. But if Balam then but if Balam then follow him and the people answered him not a word." God bless You may be seated. We'd like to entitle this message I don't know yet. I don't know yet. And for a subject, the danger of riding the fence. Now, this sounds strange because these 850 prophets did not come to Elijah and say, "Well, we're not quite sure what to do. We're not quite sure what we believe." because they were 450 of them were standing for uh Balum and um or um of Baal and the others were following a Canaanite goddess Ashara and they served. But yet the prophet Elijah, he called it out and discern it and said, "How long are you going to you're going to halt between two opinions?" Because why was there two opinions? Because God had already showed himself the truth. Everybody has seen the truth at one time or another. Maybe not all the Bible, but enough to know that you have a choice to make. And a lot of times we can get caught between two opinions of what to do in life. and we don't know what to do or we think we don't know what to do. There is a difference between not knowing the will of God and not knowing whether or not you want to do the will of God. So, a lot of times people want to say, "Well, I'm not sure what to do." But if the word's already said what to do, it's not a question about what what you should do. It's a question of whe whether you are going to follow the word or you're going to do what you want to do and make an excuse. I I haven't heard from God yet. God hasn't told me, you know, personally, you know, that I that I need to pay my tithe, that I that I need to to go to church, that I that I I I should, you know, listen to the message or I should pray every day or I should read the Bible every day. You know, God has not really spoke to me personally that, you know, I need to be part of a body. So, uh, I don't know what to do yet. So, I'm I'm just deciding I'm not going to go to church and I'm just I'm just pulling out an example. I'm just, you know, I'm not going to pay my tithe. Um, I I I just because I'm not quite sure, you know, really, you know, where we're where if I have to pay ties really because it's between me and God. It It's not a matter of that being the truth. It's a matter whether you want to come under subjection to the word or not. How long will you halt between two opinions? A lot of times people will ignore the word of God, which is the actual the will of God. So you don't need to pray. I've had so many people tell me they were going to do something, leave the church, go here, move there, but never come to me and ask for prayer and counsel. People want to do what they want to do. But when you come to them and you talk to them about why you're doing what you're doing what you should be doing, they say, "Well, I don't I don't know yet. I you know, God hasn't told me. So, I don't I don't know if I you know, that's your opinion. To say I don't know what the Lord wants me to do yet often times means I don't know whether I want to do the will of the Lord or not. There's a difference and that that will get us in trouble. But we know that God knows our very intents. The Bible says Hebrews 4:12, "For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of the soul and spirit and of the joints and the marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and of the intents of the heart." So God knows our motive. I mean, how many times have we thought things about somebody and we're glad that they don't know what we're thinking? Like we hide behind a smile or, you know, shake in the hand, but you know, God knows every thought. He knows the hairs. How many hairs we got on our head? Maybe with you, they're multiplying daily. with me. They're subtracting. You get to that age and they start going the other way. But God knows how sincere we are. God knows whether we're halting between two opinions, saying, "I'm not sure what I want to do yet." Or if he sees that we're just going to stay with his word. Brother Brandon, I want to read this quote. It's in questions and answers. 64. The question was asked to brother Brandham the third poll and his speaking of the word. It seems entirely possible for you to speak the word and one would be completely and fully restored placed entirely ready for the rapture and the resurrection the son of man. This is so or is it not? And you would be you would do this if properly pressed upon you, would you not? And escape all the things and stand before the son of man. So we all understand that the third pole is part of speaking into existence. Is that true? Can you say amen to that? Okay. So that's that's what he's getting here that you got the power of speaking the word. Brother says, "Now my dear friends, see now I think here that you got a good statement." Yes sir. Yes sir. Now, that would be so um in other words, here's what I I don't think it's a I I believe now he says, not to polish up what you said, but I believe I can make it a little bit clearer to the people. See, you're believing because the spoken words and the things like that, he said, and all of you here are witness of the squirrels and all the other things that's been done. But did you notice that was sovereignly given? I never asked him, "Lord, let me do this, speak these things in that, do these things there." I never asked him that. It was by his own divine will that he came to me and said, "You do this." And I wasn't asking one thing about it. Moses never asked to go down to Egypt, but God had sent him down there to Egypt. So now he's he's bringing a point across here. It's not us doing what we want to do with the word, but it's about getting in tune with God and letting God speak to you, speak through you to actually accomplish his will. He says, 'Now, I believe that the Holy Spirit would come to me and say in a vision, go tell a certain person that they are not to that they're trying to overcome a certain thing and they can't do it and they're smoking and they're drinking, they're lying, they're stealing, they're committing adultery, whatever it might be or they go got a lustful spirit and you just go where they are. Thou spirit come out of there. I set I set this captive free. Would it take place? Absolutely. Yes. Indeed that absolutely would take place. But now upon my own presuming now the word presume means to a venture without authority. See I go down to there to help the this person and I'm just presuming that it's all going to be right. Then I don't know and I can call on the name of the Lord over them and I can pray for them. I can do whatever I wish to, but it doesn't mean it's going to happen. You see, when you got, you know, Brother Brandon calls it out in the message so many times. You got people that act like God, but it's really not God in them. But they're they're so excited. They want God to use them, and they're using the word. This is what the word says. And they say it's going to happen, and it don't happen. And so, uh, you know, presuming without authority is that you really don't know yet what you're doing. You're hoping that it's going to happen. But there's danger in assuming without authority. You need the authority of God telling you. And here's the thing, there's many voices out there &gt;&gt; and they mimic God. &gt;&gt; They mimic the voice of the Holy Spirit. and they try to puff you up. They give you a reason to go out there and to to to to that's why Jesus said to his disciples, one of the reasons was you're not going to go out and witness for me until I endure you a power from on high because it's got to be me inside of you doing the work. Brother man says, "If I had my own way this morning, I just had an interview with a little lady sitting in the wheelchair to come to this meeting today." They had to have the fire department take her out uh of her house in Chicago and people live across the street and they don't come to the meetings. Isn't that funny? People live so close they won't come to the meetings and brother says they'll come all the way from Chicago to come to the meeting. That's you could see where Jesus said um um the Queen of Sheba went you know halfway across to come to see the wisdom of Solomon and it said a greater than Solomon's here and so obviously they're going to pay a greater a greater uh penalty. Amen. So brother says what would I do if I had in my power it is I have all the authority to do it but if I h but I have to wait for orders to do it. I have to wait for God to tell me to do it. I can't do it out of my my but I have to wait for orders. See I have the authority from God to do it. But now when he gives the orders, she'll go back home. Well, I know this is the truth. I see I just be as willing to die this morning on th on that as I in anything. That's the truth. So I love what brother said. He is so sure about what he just said. He said, "I'd ra I" He said, "I could just die knowing that what I'm telling you is the truth." If God speaks, it's going to happen. And if anybody knows this to be the truth, it's the prophet who wouldn't do anything until he seen a vision. And and even Jesus said, "I do nothing except the father shows me first." So it we have to we have to walk so close to God that we know that we know that we know that is God moving us. So that's the way we want to a Christian walks. I think brother Brandham said like this, the bride will do nothing until she has thus sayeth the Lord. So we have to we have to be so close to God that we need to know for sure what his voice is speaking to us. Now we don't want to assume that what we're doing is okay. We don't want to assume it. We don't ever want to adventure without authority because every decision that you make becomes a destiny. It's leading you somewhere. And we never know where our destiny is going to be if we're not paying attention to the decision we're make. You know, Brother Bam said like this. It's real, real easy to know where you're going. Everybody can know where they're going. You don't have to wait till you get there. He says, just look at what you're being drawn to. If you're being drawn to the world, you're probably not going to end in that the way of life. But if you're being drawn to the the broad way and you you just it doesn't care, it doesn't matter to you what you do in the world, that's a good sign that you're not going to make it. But if you're being drawn to God, a hunger to know God to to to go back to where you came from, then that's a good indication that you're going to make it into the straight and narrow gate that leads to life. Amen. So, we've got to seek God until he gives us the answer. We just can't keep living. I don't know what to do yet. I don't know what to do yet. We need to get serious with God and and know God. You know, the the Bible says, "Stand still and know that I am God." God has got a voice. &gt;&gt; My sheep know my voice and they follow me. &gt;&gt; And we don't have to be part of the group that is always, "I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do." We just need to get desperate with God. Brother Brandon preached desperation that would lead us. Now when God's word is spoken then we should never delay like if the Bible just for instance if the Bible says that your temple is the temple of the Holy Ghost then we should never delay taking care of our temple. If the if the Bible says that that we rob God and and and and we rob him when we we don't pay our tithes and our offerings, then we should not delay. We should instantly always give God what's God. Because even God said, "Give Caesars's what's Caesars, give God what's God's." If the Bible says that a woman shouldn't cut her hair, we shouldn't delay on that. We should just not cut her hair. If if the Bible says that a a woman should not put on the clothes, the garments that pertainth unto a man, then then a woman should never wear pants, she should wear a goddess, a godly dress. So if the Bible says, "Forsake not the assembling of ourselves together and all the more as the day is approaching, then we should never delay obeying God." We should never halt between two decisions because we already know that God's decision. We already know what to do. We just come under subjection to the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Psalms 119 verse 59. Psalms 119:59 says, "I thought on my ways." I want everybody to think on their ways. I thought on my ways, and I turned my feet unto thy testimonies, unto the word. In other words, I made haste and I de and delayed not to what? To keep thy commandments. You know why a lot of people want walk around never knowing what to do is because they never practice standing on the word with everything. They they decided they're going to do the most important things to them and the other things don't matter. And before you know it, you don't have a solid foundation because Jesus said, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." Joshua chapter 24 verse 15 says, "And if it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom you will serve." I mean, this is Elijah made it real clear to all these religious prophets who were standing not for God, but we're standing for the gods that they wanted to serve. And he just looked at him and said, "How long are you going to stay in that condition and halt between the truth and what you want to be the truth? Because the truth will always remain the truth no matter what you think or feel. But what you think is to be the truth always changes. Did you ever notice that? Well, I used to believe this. I used to think that because we're finite. We can change. We can change our our ideas and our opinions and people can give us you know greater understanding but when it comes to the word of God that remains the same &gt;&gt; yesterday today and forever. &gt;&gt; So it's evil to to not stand with the word but I think one thing you know brother Brandham taught us is that we should never be wishy-washy. He said, 'If you're going to be a bum, be the best bum you can be. Now, I don't want to have a a a testimony of being a bum, right? It's a pretty poor testimony, but it goes along with what Jesus said to the Leodysian church, which is, "I'd rather have you cold than lukewarm." Take a stand. God has more respect for an outright sinner than he does a hypocrite. Don't don't don't tell me you don't know yet. There there's so much danger in writing the fence. You never ever It never turns out right. And the longer you wait to make your decision, the harder it will be to make the decision. the less strength you will have, the harder it'll be to get back. You got to make a decision. You got to make it quick. And you you you have to believe with all your heart because you got every demon in the world coming after you. &gt;&gt; And they don't care what your name is. They don't care what your desires are. &gt;&gt; They want to destroy your soul. &gt;&gt; It's time that we for ourselves take a stand with God. Because if God be before you, who can be against you? But if you don't stand with God, how is God going to stand for you? Jesus said, "If you're ashamed of me, I'll be ashamed of you." Love the word. We have heard that it's that trust isn't gifted to anybody. Trust has to be earned. How many's heard that before? Trust has to be earned. If you meet a person for the first time and they make a mistake, there's there's some grace there because it's the first mistake they've ever made. But you line them up to another person who's made that same mistake a hundred times. Tell me which person you're going to have more confidence in. Trust has to be earned. It has to be tested. It has to be tried. It has to be faithful. It always has to be the same. It's something that you can count on. If you can't rely or depend or trust, then there's no foundation to build upon. I mean, who is going to put their money in a bank and not have confidence when you go back there that you can pull it out? You're going to say, "You know what? I'm not going to do the the bank of the losers. I'm going to go to the Huntington Chase because I know they got a reputation that what I put in there, I can pull out a month from now. Trust has to be earned. If you want somebody to trust you, you got to start today building trust. Be faithful. Be faithful to God. Be faithful to the word. Be the same yesterday, today, and forever. Be just like Jesus. Because if you can't depend or trust, you can't build upon that kind of foundation. It's sinking sand. it's going to crumble. It won't stand the test in the trials. So when you're halting between two ways, two opinions, or two views, stay with the word. Whatever the word says, just do it. Forget about what you think. If we could just humble ourselves to realize that the devil has the ability to anoint our understanding, to anoint our emotions, to anoint our feelings, to make us think things that are not real. The Bible says that he can transform himself into an angel of light. You don't even know it. &gt;&gt; You should never halt between two opinions. You're opening yourself up for the enemy to twist you all up and get you so confused, not knowing what way is up, way, what way is down, and then when he's done with you, you're not going to even know how you got there, what to do to get out. You may not think it's important, but if God tells you to do something, do it. It may have nothing to do with whatever you think it needs to be do, but it is what God is requiring of you. Don't halt between two opinions. In other words, lean not to your own understanding. It can't be trusted. My understanding can't be trusted. My understanding is not faithful. My understanding I it's not reliable because I am a human and I have failed. But God's word cannot fail. God can never improve himself. I can improve my understanding. I can improve my knowledge. I can improve my wisdom. But God cannot be improved. There's no need for us to halt between two opinions. We just make a decision that we're going to stay with the word of God. Trust in the word. The word has never failed. Hebrews 13:8, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. The Bible says that God is faithful. Great is thy faithfulness. Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away. The Bible says that God cannot lie. He is trustworthy. &gt;&gt; There are not very many people you can talk about and say he's he or she is trustworthy. &gt;&gt; All other ground is seeking sand. If we if we don't know what the Bible says, then our our desire should be to find out what the Bible says, not whether or not we want to do it or not. I believe it's time for us to grow as as as mature Christians. Psalms 118:8, "It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man." And that's you, by the way. You know, it's it's it's probably easy for for us to say, "I don't trust anybody." But, you know, you trust yourself. You trust yourself too much. That's putting conf when you trust yourself, you're putting confidence in a man. So, it's better to trust the Lord than to put confidence in a man. When you have a decision to make, never run away. Don't avoid making the decision. Just immediately trust the Lord. We don't always, you know, we don't always have the experience or the knowledge of the Bible what to do or how to handle a situation. But we do know what not to do. We do know not to trust in our own understanding. We do know not to run away. You don't ever see any of God's people run away. You know the story about Peter after Jesus had um uh uh died and and resurrected and the persecution came and they were going to uh crucify Peter. They were going to get him and they were going to crucify him. And what happened with Peter? They they were telling Peter, you know, run, get away because you if you don't get out of here. And so Peter left Jerusalem. And on his way out of Jerusalem, he met Jesus. Jesus appeared to him. And Jesus said, "Peter, where are you going? They're going to crucify me. Get back to your post of duty." You don't run away. If you notice Ephesians 6, there's nothing on your back to protect you because you always face the enemy. You don't turn your back. You keep your eye on the enemy and you fight him. Trust the Lord with all your heart. Turn with me if you would to uh Psalms 27. And my goal tonight is not to be long, but if you don't get into the word, I promise you I'll stay a little longer. Psalms 27:E2. Even when the devil tries to manipulate your life through fear, trust God. The devil don't know what to do with somebody who trusts God. He don't know what to do. That's why he trembles at the weakest Christian when he's on his knees. I'd rather be weak in seeking God than to be strong and think I don't need to. Psalms 27:2, "When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell. God caused that to happen. Though a ho should a camp against me, my little heart shall not fear. &gt;&gt; Though war should rise up against me and everybody come against me, in this will I be confident. The only desire that I have is that and that I'll seek after is that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in his temple. I tell you that's where you get your answers is in church. I think it was David. He said there somewhere around Psalms 71 or 72 something like that. He said when he looked at the wicked and how they prospered in the world that it began to eat at him and the Bible says that he he almost stumbled and fell because it being a stumbling block to him. He says, "But then I went to church and then at church I learned their end." In other words, he inquired in the house of God about what to do with the situation that he was involved with. And God gave the answer. Verse 5, for in the time of trouble he will hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me up upon a rock. And now shall my head be lifted up above my enemies round about me. Therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy and I will sing. Yeah, I will sing praises unto the Lord. What should we be doing in church today? Singing praises. &gt;&gt; Saying a hallelujah to the word of God. Hear, O Lord, when I cry with the with my voice, and have mercy also upon me, and answer me. When you said, "Seek ye my face." I didn't halt between two opinions. &gt;&gt; My heart said unto thee, "Thy face, Lord, will I seek." A lot of times we hear the Lord calling out to his word and because we don't feel this um um real close personalness with the Lord or with the word, we don't recognize it's God speaking to us. It's because we're not prepared. We're not prepared when we get into the sanctuary. I remember as a young Christian, the Lord was speaking something to me, but I didn't recognize it. In fact, I was kind of avoiding. And when you don't really want to hear from the Lord, how do you expect to be blessed? How do you expect to have other needs met in your life that you want taken care of when you don't you're not even working hard to get in the presence of God? And I believe something that all of us could be doing here is seeking the face of God more. &gt;&gt; I believe it is the will of God in our life. And I'll tell you, we wouldn't have to halt between two opinions so much. We'd have an answer from God what to do because God, he's real. God allows tests and allows trials for various reasons in our life, but none of those reasons are without his desire for us to seek his face. We're we may what's this trial for? Why why this happened in my life? Why am I going through this? There may be various reasons for that. But one thing remains the same is that God wants us wants us to seek his face with all those test and trials. God wants to to be in contact with He wants to have fellowship with us. God wants us to know him more. I just wonder how many times God has said, "Seek ye my face." And our heart said, "I'll wait till tomorrow. I'll just wait till tomorrow." Brother Ram said we can't pray too much. I believe we have to fight through our flesh and just spend more time with the Lord in adversity, manipulation, in fear, in unstable emotions, in undependable understanding. David said, 'The Lord is my light and my salvation and the strength of my life. We're not We don't We're not going to have an easy life. We're all going to have issues and problems. David had more than all of us. I've said that before. But he didn't halt between two opinions. He didn't have to have an answer to the devil about why this has come upon him, this calamity. He just knew that God was his salvation. That he wasn't going to fear, but that he was going to trust God. He wasn't going to halt between two opinions and say, "Well, I got to wait till this problem gets resolved before I can start going back to church." Oh my goodness. Where's your relationship with the Lord? Brother Brandham said, "If there's, you know, I don't go to church because there's a hypocrite there." Brother says, "That only shows that that hypocrite's got a closer walk with God than you do." &gt;&gt; That's what he said. When David faced decisions that had to be made in his adversity, he didn't halt between two opinions. He said, "My heart is fixed." He stood still. He knew his God. He testified, "Whom shall I fear and whom shall I be afraid?" A number of years ago, the economy went through a real hard time around 2008. And during that time, uh I believe it was GM kind of went a little bit belly up and they needed help from the government because they were going bankrupt. But Ford didn't need it. They didn't need help from the government. And why was that, brother James? You know why? Well, I'm going to tell you why. Because when things were good before the downturn of the economy, when things were real good, you know what Ford did? They went to the bank and they said, "We would like to get credit with you." And they established credit with the bank. But GM didn't need any more credit than what they had. And then when the trials came, they didn't have what they needed to go through the trial. So, I'll just say this. The time to build your relationship with God is when things are going good. Don't wait till there's a problem. Build your rapport. Rebuild your closeness. Be faithful to God. Don't just every everything's good now. I take it easy. No. Build build your relationship with God. If the word is for you, who could be against you? Show God that you'll stand for him. All right. Psalms 37:4. I thought for sure I'd be done 15 minutes early. It looks like I'm going to be 20 minutes late. Psalms 37:4. All right. Who wants a job? Who wants a job? One. Who else wants a job? Two? Three? Four? Five? Six? But the rest of you, I want to talk to you after service. So those that that want a job. All right. Right here. Psalms 37:4. Here's our job. Delight thyself also in the Lord. Now look what you get for doing your job. And he shall give thee the desires of thy heart. &gt;&gt; You talk about getting good benefits, a good pay right there. Delight thyself in the Lord. He'll give you the desires of your heart. Verse five, commit thy way unto the Lord. Commit your your life, your way, everything. Just commit it to God. Trust also in him, and he shall bring it to pass. &gt;&gt; The children of Israel, they halted between two decisions. They went into the promised land and they were they came out of Egypt, they were, you know, God is going to take us through. And then when they came into their their their trial of the promised land, they halted and they said, "Look, the land does flow with milk and honey and it's it's it's it's good land and and God's right about that, but I just want to let you know it's occupied by giants." and I don't think we can take it. So they halted between two opinions. God said, "Go take the land." But the devil said, "You can't do it. You can't overcome." And they halted there. And what happened when they halted there? They never went into the promised land. You ride that fence and you're not going to make it. I'm so glad for Joshua and Caleb. &gt;&gt; We're more than able. They weren't looking to their own ability. They were trusting in God. They committed their way to the Lord. They trusted in him. The three Hebrews, look, they're facing a fiery furnace. And they were staring death. And they weren't staring a ticket for driving too fast. They weren't staring at um uh I got a rip uh rodeo rotary cuff. They They weren't staring at losing their job. They were staring at death in the eye. You w you don't bow down and and and give yourself to this other really anything that you put before God is a God. Come on. And and the devil is always trying to get us to bow to something. But they were they didn't halt between two decisions. They said, made it clear, we don't know what's going to happen, but one thing's for sure. We're not bowing down. And they went into that furnace with confidence. What was their confidence? That God was with them. They trusted in God. a perfect example for us that no matter how hot our trial is, no matter what thing we get thrown into, &gt;&gt; that God is not gonna leave us alone. &gt;&gt; God will meet us there. God will take us through &gt;&gt; because we serve a faithful God. &gt;&gt; We don't serve a God that's halfway there. He wants us not to be halfway there. He wants us to be allin. Not half in, half out, but all in. Job, he didn't halt between two opinions. He stood there in the midst of all the worst possible things that could happen to him. But he stood faithful in his integrity. He did all that was required of him to do. He didn't say, "Well, maybe, you know, maybe um something is is is something was wrong." He said, "Though he slay me, I'm still going to trust him." He didn't halt between two opinions. What an example. When God told Satan, "Have you considered my servant Job? He's perfect. There's none like him. He knew what he was saying about Job. If you're going to halt between two opinions, that's not perfect. Stay with the word. Stay with the word. I understand that sometimes, you know, I'm not we quote jobs all the time. I don't have thus sayith the Lord what job I'm going to get. I'm just going to quote the job. If I get the job, I get the job. If I don't, I don't get the job. I mean, there's certain things you don't know until it comes to pass. But when the word tells you what you should be doing, you don't halt between two opinions and say, "Well, I didn't hear God tell me that." If the word saying it, just do it. That's why we got too many people that that backslide and they they they they they go from pillar to post and they don't even know where they're standing because they spent too much time halting between opinions. &gt;&gt; There's a Shutomite woman. She didn't she didn't halt between two opinions. Her boy was dead, but she knew what the prophet had said and that God is faithful to his word. When you can look at adversity and say, "All is well." I say there's a closeness with you and God. There's a closeness. You know, you don't That's what we should be seeking after right there. a relationship that can hold you in the middle of trials. &gt;&gt; And and and God has got to be able to trust you and I like he trusted Job. Now, to get there, you got to work on it every day. You you you don't just It's not a gift. It's not given to you. You got to work with God every day. You got to show them you're faithful in your prayers. Show them you're faithful in your reading. You know, Peter didn't halt between two two decisions when he was called. Look at Mark 1:16. Mark 1:1 16. Now, as he walked by the Sea of Galilee, Jesus, he saw Simon and Andrew his brother, casting a net into the sea, for they were fishers. And Jesus said unto him, "Come ye after me, and I will make you fishers of men." And straightway they forsook their nets and followed him. They didn't say, "Let's sit down and talk about this. They left their profession. They left their their dad, their their family. Abraham, he left his family. They forsook everything and straightway followed. They didn't halt between two opinions. Remember when I think this is Luke 9, I believe it is, but it may be 14. But when Jesus um said, you know, come and follow me. And there was a man that came and said, "Look, um, I need to go back and tell my father first that I'm leaving to to follow you." He he he told him, "Um um he said, "Well, let let the dead bury the dead. Come and follow me. Anyone that puts their hand to the plow and looks back is not worthy. We don't halt between two opinions. You make a decision, you're allin. God is looking for more all-in Christians. More dedicated Christians. We We got too many halfway in. &gt;&gt; More dedicated. Verse 19. And when he had gone a little further, he saw James, the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother, who also were in a ship mending their nets. And straightway he called them and they left their father in the ship with the hired servants and went after him. Can you imagine? We're not cleaning up today. We're not cleaning the fish. We're not helping you get the boat in. See you later. You talk about hearing from God. That's how we should be. There was a boy who dangerously straddled riding a fence. He used to sit on the fence on the top rail of the fence and he used to watch the horse in the corral and he was just dreaming of what it would be like to ride one of them because he had never rode a h horse before. like others who he had seen on the horse and you know cowboys with their hats and they controlled the horse and pull him to this side he'd go to the left, pull him to the left, he'd go to the left, pull him to the right, he'd go to the right and he just to have the control of a horse he just he just thought it would be so wonderful but they're, you know, a very powerful thing. So he's intimidated. The horse would periodically come by him when he was on the sitting on the fence watching him. And the horse, he just was so big and muscular that it was kind of intimidating that he could ride him. And he halted between two opinions this boy did. One that he could ride the horse and the other that he would get bucked off if he got on the horse. Anybody ever been on a horse and thought you you feared getting bucked off? Absolutely. Been there, done that. Feared and got bucked. Got them both. So, this is where this boy was. And he didn't know what to do for quite some time. And finally one day instead of choosing to ride the horse he had a thought that he could keep one leg on the second rail of the fence and put the the other leg over the horse and that he would just hobble down the fence with the horse while standing on the rail. And he did that and then as he got to the end of the fence, the horse started to ve off to the side and the boy basically just did the splits and fell on the ground because he halted between two opinions and he thought he could do both things because he didn't quite know what to do yet. We need to just stay with the word. Don't keep one foot in the world, one foot with God. Stay with what God told you to do. If God told you to get away from something, get away from it. Don't put one leg around it or one arm around it or one hand and don't stick it in your your pocket. Don't hide it. Don't be like Achen. Get rid of it. Just get on that horse and ride it without fear. Overcome. God is calling us to be sure of our walk with God. We don't want to walk. I don't know what to do. I don't want Get rid of that spirit. Don't ever say I don't know what to do. Don't say that. I'm sorry. Just say I'm in prayer. I'm in prayer. I I I I'm not saying walk around like a know-it-all. What I am saying is don't let that be your excuse because if you really don't know what to do, what we should be doing is seeking God &gt;&gt; and get the answer. That's what he that's what that's the whole part of seek my face. How many times have we heard of of fasting, praying, and brother Brandham going in a cave, spending time? We heard testimonies up here, Brother Johnson talking about going and seeking the Lord. I believe God still wants us to seek him. Yeah. To to to know surely where we stand with God, that we're a solid Christian. When people look at our lives, we're not wishy-washy. We're not back and forth, up and down. That that we're like Jesus, the same yesterday, today, and forever. And that people can count on us. Amen. Let's stand together. Amen. We're going to sing a a chorus without any music today or a song. And I just want to see if we can The the solid rock. The solid rock. Yes. 138. I found it. &gt;&gt; 138. Everybody knows, right? our music. So to make things difficult, this is an uh E flat and my hope is built on nothing less on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All of
