################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 6.1.25- Bearing Much Fruit - Boaz Kotha - Boaz Kotha.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    6.1.25- Bearing Much Fruit - Boaz Kotha
Speaker:  Boaz Kotha
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oOnEVT0kj0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Beautiful in your time. Lord, my life to you. I bring long I have to sing. In your [Music] time. In his [Music] time. In his time. He makes all things beautiful in his time. Lord, please show me every day as you're teaching me your way that you'll do just what you say in your time. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Well, the the nice thing is he's going to do what he said. It's not a matter of question. Well, just let me know that you're going to do it. No, he's going to do it. Amen. Let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, we are grateful, Lord, that your promises are yay and amen. There is no variableness in you, Father. Lord, you're not up one day and down and in and out, but Lord, you are there. You are faithful. Lord, when we doubt you, you are still faithful, Lord. You will keep your word. And this morning, we come this morning that we might worship you in spirit and truth. Lord, that we might hear the word you prepared for us. Father, may you just be our guest. Forgive us of our sins, our shortcomings. Heavenly Father, I pray that you'll just watch over us. May you find this a welcoming atmosphere, Father, for your spirit. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. We have a missionary today. That's always good. Just let you know they come from the east and west. They come from the east and west. They come from the land of far to feast with the king to dine as his guest. How blessed these pilgrims are beholding his hallowed face. A glow with light divine. Bless partakerers of his grace. His gems in his crown to shine. Since Jesus has set me free, I'm happy as heart can be. No longer I bear the burden of care. His yoke is so sweet to me. My soul was as black as night, but darkness has taken [Laughter] flight. Now I shout the victory for Jesus has set me free. I look on that great white throne. Before it the ransom stand. No longer our tears, no sorrow is known, nor death in that good a land. My Savior has gone [Music] before, preparing the way for me. Soon we'll meet to part no more through time or eternity. Since Jesus has set me free, I'm happy as heart can be. No longer I bear the burden of care. His yoke is so sweet to me. My soul was as black as night, but darkness has taken flight. Now I shout the victory for Jesus has set me free. The gates of that holy place stand open by night and day. Oh look to the Lord who giveth more grace to love has prepared the way. A home in those mansions fair. His hand hath reserved for all for the wedding feast prepare. Obeying the gracious call. Since Jesus has set me free, I'm happy as heart can be. No longer I bear the burden of care. His yoke is so sweet to me. My soul was as black as night. But darkness has taken flight. Now I shout the victory. For Jesus has set me free. Oh Jesus is coming soon. Our trials will then be over. What if our Lord this moment should come for those who are free from sin? And would it bring you joy or sorrow and deep despair? When our Lord in glory comes, we'll meet him up in the air. Since Jesus has set me free, I'm happy as heart can be. No longer I bear the burden of care. His yoke is so sweet to me. My soul was as black as night. But darkness has taken [Laughter] flight. Now I shout the victory. For Jesus has set me free. Amen. Amen. And praise the Lord. Amen. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Amen. I thirsted in the barren land of sin and shamed and nothing satisfying there I found. But to the blessed cross of Christ one day I came. While springs of living water did abound, drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. Drinking up the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. How sweet the living water from the hills of God. It makes me glad and happy all the way. Now glory, grace, and blessing mark the path I've tried. I'm shouting halleluah every day. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. Oh sinner, won't you come today to Calvary? A fountain there is flowing deep and wide. The Savior now invites you to the water free where thirsting spirits can be satisfied. Amen. Drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. Drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Happy now am I. My soul is satisfied. Drinking at the springs of living water. A wonderful and bountiful supply. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that chorus. Have faith in God. Amen. Amen. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Have faith in [Music] God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God. for the answer. Have faith in God. Amen. Amen. Sister Janine Jeanie says, "Please pray for my mom, Tina. She's 92 and fell and fractured her heel. Pray that God will give her a speedy recovery." Amen. Amen. And let's remember um those that we've been praying for for cancer. Brother Bill Bailey, Elizabeth Murphy, and Sharon Van White. Let's remember to pray for them that God will just bless them. Let's also remember brother Ferguson and Sister Miriam. Lord will just bless them. I haven't seen them for a while. I tried contacting them, but I haven't heard an answer back. So, just want to remember them. Remember to pray one for another. Amen. Let's all stand together. Have faith. Amen. Let's join our voices together. Amen. Lord Jesus, covering Lord spiritual. Father, Lord, the unspoken Lord, those are labor that are about Amen. You may be seated. Amen. When the roll is called up yonder. Amen. When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound and time shall be no more. And the morning breaks eternal bright and fair. When the saved of earth shall gather over on the other shore and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the rule is called up yonder, I'll be there on that bright and cloudless morning. When the dead in Christ shall rise, and the glory of his resurrection share. When his chosen shown, she'll gather to their home beyond the sky. And the roll is called up yonder. I'll be there. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called upunder, I'll be there. Let us labor for the master. From the dawn till setting sun, let us talk of all his wondrous love and care. Then when all of life is over and our work on earth is done and the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder. When the roll is called up yonder, I'll be there. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. The lifeboat. Amen. We're floating down. Dream of time. We have not long to say. The stormy clouds of darkness will turn to brightest day. Then let us all take courage for we're not left alone. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Then cheer my brother's cheer. Our trials will soon be over. Our loved ones we shall meet, shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels home. Sometimes the devil temps me and says it's all in vain to try to live a Christian life and walk in Jesus name. But then we hear the master say, "I'll lead you a helping hand. And if you'll only trust me, I'll guide you to that land. Then cheer my brother's cheer. Our trials will soon be old. Our love ones we shall meet, shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the jewels hope. The lifeboat soon is coming by eyes of faith I see. as she sweeps through the water to rescue you and me and land us safely in the port with friends we love so dear. Get ready, cries the captain. Oh look, she's almost here. and cheer my brother's cheer. Our trials will soon be old. Our loved ones we shall meet, shall meet upon that golden shore. We're pilgrims and we're strangers here. We're seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the Jewels home. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let's stand together. Amen. Just going to ask brother Mike if he'll pray over the offering this morning. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Let's send the light this morning. Amen. There's a call comes ringing over the restless waves. Send the light. Send the light. There are souls to rescue. There are souls to save. Send the light. Send the light. Send the light. The blessed goel light. Let it shine from shore to shore. Send the light and let it rain in beams like the world forever more. We have heard the Macedonian call today. Send the light. Send the light. And the golden offering at the cross we lay. Send the light. Send the light. Send the light. The blessed goel light. Let it shine from shore to shore. Send the light and let it rain in beams light the world forever more. Let us pray that grace may everywhere abound. Send the light. Send the light. And a Christlike spirit everywhere be found. Send the light. Send the light. Send the light. The blessed goel light. Let it shine from sure to shore. Send the light. Let it rain in beams like the world forever more. Let us not grow weary in the work of love. Send the light. Send the light. Let us gather jewels for a crown above. Send the light. Send the light. Send the light, the blessed goel light. Let it shine from shore to shore. Send the light and let it ring beams light the world forever more. Send the light, the blessed goel light. Let it shine. Thank you very much. Oh, send a light and let it radiant things light the world forever more. Let's sing that last verse again. Let us not grow weary in the work of love. Send the light. Oh, send the light. Let us gather jewels for a crown above. Send the light. Oh, send the light. Send the light. The blessed goel light. Let it shine from shore to shore. Send the light and let it radiant beams light the world forever more. Amen. Amen. How many got up today and said, "I'm going to wear these clothes that I'm wearing today." How many got their clothes out yesterday? I'm one. Hey, sometimes you you you you got the clothes out and you you picked them out and you wanted to wear something pretty halfway decent, right? I mean, you didn't want to come in the shrubs, right? Think about you have a chance. You have a chance to make your crown as bright as you want it to be. The more souls that you get attached to you, the brighter your crown is going to be. Think about that. So, just as you labor to get dressed today, you can labor to get that crown for the other side. You don't have to wait till you get there. This is where we labor. And what a privilege we have to do that. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. So good to be in the house of God today. Looking forward to uh honestly hearing brother Boaz this morning. How many's been praying for the service? Believe the Lord has something for us. And just to think that this brother was on the other side of the world just a week ago. And and and and here he is today to give us the word of life. We're just so grateful to have him. It's an honor to have him and we we want to take advantage um to get right into the word. Let let your mind and your thoughts and just sink right in and look for that little little revelation in this message that is just for you. It's not for anybody else because I believe that's the God we serve. We serve a God that knows our name. He knows the hairs that are on our head. And I believe he wants to speak to us because he loves us. He cares about us. We want to welcome our visitor today, uh Todd Sers. And everybody remembers uh Dane Basicowski. This is his son-in-law. He's been was at our other church, I think, for brother. Brother-in-law. Yes, brother-in-law. Um what did I say? Son-in-law. Um I knew that but it just came out the wrong. Um but he has been to our little church in um in in Fenton there and it's a privilege to have him here today and we hope to see him and um his uh Dan's sister uh Debbie um when she's feeling better. Amen. But he's come today. He just wants to kind of check things out. And uh we hope he likes what he feels and what he sees. And my my prayer has just been that God would has been that God would just speak to his heart. You feel the presence of the Lord. Amen. Um let's stand together and get ready to receive the word of the Lord today. We've only got so much time. Amen. I believe I believe that he is here. I I felt his presence. I really appreciated the worship this morning and just the privilege that we have to lift our hands and to worship the Lord Jesus Christ to be with those of light precious faith. Oh, what a great honor it is today. Let's just sing only believe as our brother comes to give us the word of life. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only [Music] believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Well, Lord, I receive. Lord, remember [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Let us pray. The most loving heavenly father, we once again come unto the throne of thy grace with our hearts full of gratitude. Lord, amen. Thank you, Lord, for this wonderful morning that you have given to us to come into thy presence. Lord, as your word said, where two or three are gathered, you will be in the midst of us, Father. And we are more than two and three this morning. And we believe Lord that you are in our midst here. Father, thank you Lord for your presence. Thank you Lord for your mercy and grace. Lord as we meditate upon your word this morning. Not my word man's word will fail but your words are eternal life father. But Lord, as we stand here, Father, in your presence, meet the needs of your children, Father. Amen. Lord, I am I'm just a empty vessel here, Father, trying to just stand here in your name with your strength. Lord, I want to take away myself from this place so that you can come in and deal with our lives today, Father. Lord, many have come expecting. Lord, few of them have come to try how this service is going to be. Many have come to experience the power of the Holy Ghost. Father, Lord, you meet their needs according to their desires, Father. Lord, we thank you Lord for this wonderful morning. Let your name be glorified and name be magnified. We thank you. All glory, praise go to you. Amen. I pray this prayer in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you saints. Uh greetings to everyone in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Thank the Lord for bringing me again another time and I would like to also thank uh the man of God, brother John Martin for uh giving me this place and uh you know speak to the church this morning you know uh pray for me. I need your prayers. So let us read from the word of God in the book of uh Galatians. Galatians chapter 5 verse 22-2. Galatians 5:22-2. But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, and gentleness, goodness, and faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. And they that are Christ have crucified the flesh with the affections and lust. If we live in the spirit, let us walk, let us also walk in the spirit. Amen. I would like to emphasize on the 25th verse. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. May the Lord bless the reading of his holy word. You may be seated. Thank you very much. Thank you for your patience. Thank you. Thank you for coming to the house of the Lord this uh morning, you know. It's the Lord's day. Amen. It's the day of the resurrection, you know. And uh there's no other place where we can be but here, you know, and I thank the Lord that you could make it today. And I could make it for almost many miles, you know, thousands of miles from India, you know, over the seas. But I thank God for his protection and for his grace and mercy. Uh the Lord is good to us. The work of the Lord is still continuing in India. The harvest is plenty but the laborers are few as the word of God says. But you know the harvest, the sole harvest is is going on in India. The more the persecution is on the rise, the more the people are coming to the light of this message, the light of this word. You know what is the light? The vindicated spoken word of God is the light of this day. You know, we believe this is the only book which can save us. Amen. I baptized 48 new souls since January 1 till till I came to America. I thank the almighty God for giving his uh such a grace and keeping his grace upon me and giving his mercy on me. you know uh without his grace I wouldn't be able to achieve uh this many souls you know I'm just trying to do my job all glory to God only you know uh bring greetings from the orphans and the leprosy people in the three different colonies we take care and also uh bring greetings from the elderly and the widows the HIV infected and affected women and children and uh the saints in the church and especially uh from my family you know the Lord blessed me with uh three daughters one son one daughter-in-law one son-in-law and two grandchildren you know so and one wife you know so that's the good part you know so uh thank the almighty god for his grace and for his love towards us you know pray for us uh we are in the midst of constructing a church and uh pray that the Lord would uh help us to finish it, you know. So, he has been good to me. Uh and uh he is been good to me. He is always will be good to me, you know. So, that's what I believe. That is what faith is, you know. So, I'd like to just tell you one thing that I have not come here to judge anybody, you know. I have just come here to uh comfort and encourage my brothers and sisters, you know, because God is our judge, you know, and I'm just here standing as a vessel trying to, you know, speak what the Lord wants me to speak, you know, and um we are here to also receive. Amen. receive from God. You know, uh receive what is good. You know, if you don't like it, keep it aside, you know. But, you know, in India, we say, you know, like we we put curry leaves in our in our curries and, you know, in in our food, you know. So, sometimes some people like curry leaves, some of them don't, you know. Well, United States have banned people from the third world countries bringing curry leaves into into America. You know, he says you can get a gun inside and you'll be free. But if you bring curry leaf, that really I'm saying, you know, oh the dog, the sniffer dogs, they come beside your suitcase and you're in trouble, you know. So, so I don't want to be in trouble, you know. So uh you know I say you know if you don't like it just keep it aside you know don't murmur don't complain you know just keep it aside you know but everything what I'm going to speak is from the word of God not man's word because man's word will fail you know so we are talking about bearing much fruit if I'm not pronouncing it properly you know so it's bringing much fruits you know another another option is always there for thank god for dictionaries you know we need to bring in more fruits or bear more fruits you know the word of the lord if you read in the book of Galatians from 19 to 21 you know it talks about the man you know trying to be wicked or trying to go after the lust of the flesh fornication adultery and all those things you know but when it comes to 9 22 to 25 it talks about the fruit of the spirit you know so we all need to be in this category you know amen from the words 22 to 25 you know the fruit we are talking about has nine different facets you know uh or you can say attributes or qualities you know and every Christian has them all you know all N you know when you were born when you came into this world God placed this in your life you know you know that's why you need to be fruitful you need to multiply you know spiritually I'm saying you know and you need to bless and be blessed you know it is very important that we need to bring in fruit you know the word of God says you shall know them by the fruit you know Right? And it is very important to bear fruit in everyday life especially the Christian life. You know the fruit we are talking as I said it has got nine different facets or attributes or qualities and every Christian has them all. Nine but remember it is all of the fruit for all of the saints not some of the fruit for some of the saint. Amen. Now don't get that idea that you can somehow produce this fruit. I mean depending on changes in your mood sometimes we change mood and we want to show more love. You know when we don't have a good mood we don't show them love but no this is not what it is talking about. Now don't get the idea that you mean somehow produce this fruit. I mean you cannot simply decide that you're going to be more loving, joyful and kind person because this fruit is not produced by flesh. Now you'll say how do we firm up the fruit of love or joy or kindness or whatever fruits needs firming up. You know that's just it. You cannot do it. You know how does it happen? How does it happen in your life? How does it happen in anybody's life? And the only answer you can find it is in the Bible. Amen. Amen. Can I get some amen? Amen. It is only found in the Bible. You know, I'm not used to speaking to statues in my country, you know. So, I'm I'm used to speaking to people and and the people giving response saying amen and hallelujah. You know, because this is God's word. You know, you cannot produce fruit in the flesh. Amen. Amen. By the flesh. But the only answer you get in the place is the Bible. You know, John 15:4 says, "Abide in me and I in you." Right? As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can except ye abide in me. Amen. Amen. I'd like to read it again. He said, "Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine, no more can he except he abide in me." This is what Christ himself personally saying to us today. John 15:8 says here in my father glorified that he bear much fruit so shall ye be my disciples. In another place he said if you want to be my disciple love one another as I loved you. You know here he says my father is glorified. Amen. When we produce more fruit when we bear more fruit our God is glorified. Amen. Hallelujah. When we bear much fruit, our God is glorified. And when he is glorified, he will make us his disciples. How many of you want to be his disciple today? I want to be. Amen. We all want to be his disciples. We all want to be his children. We all want to in some of the other way we want to bear fruit. Amen. You know, it is it is a desire of a man, you know. But the prophet of God said man is halted between two desires. One is the desire of the soul and one is the desire of the body. You know desire of the soul is verses 22 to 25 and desire of the body is verses 19 to 21. You know we are halted between two thirst. Thirst for this world and thirst for God. But the word of God says, "As the day penteth for the water brooks, so my soul longeth after thee." We need to thirst after God. We need to long after him. You know the fruit you bear is in direct relation to your abiding in Christ. You know what you need to do to bear more fruits is abide in him and bear. Amen. Abiding and bearing. Abiding and bearing. You must abide in order to bear. And if you are not abiding, you will not be bearing. Amen. And our motive for bearing much fruit is not to just to live with it, but to bring glory to God. We read the word here in my father is glorified when you bear much fruit. You know Paul as I mentioned as Paul has mentioned about the works of the flesh in verse 19 to 21 in the same chapter but now it turns our focus to the fruit of the spirit in verse 22 to 25. And let me say that if your life is described in verse 19 to 21 you need to either get right or you get left out. It's hurting. Amen. But it's the truth. If you are in this category of 19-2, either you get right or you are left out, you know. But if your life is described in this category of verse 22 to 25, then continue to bear more more more fruit. You're doing it. Continue. You're bringing fruit, more fruits. God, God's desire is always to get more from you as the same we have towards God. You know, every time we want to say Lord give, give, give, give, give give. But on the other hand, even the Lord is saying you also do that. You know, you give, give and it shall be given. You know it's you know we we know the law of that gra you know science I don't know I don't have much education but it is to every every action there is an equal and opposite reaction we need to react we need to respond we need to bear much fruit more fruits you know in our life the first list it describes a lost person. The second list describes a saved person. One person lives by the flesh because they are led of the flesh while the other lives by the spirit because they are led by the spirits of and my Bible says as many as are led by the spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God. Amen. The mark of growing Christian is determined by the kind of fruit we will bear. Matthew 7:16 said, "He shall know them by their fruits." Matthew 7:20 said, "Wherefore, by their fruits he shall know them." Now, don't be under impression that there are nine fruits of the spirit. No, there are not nine fruits of the spirit, but rather the fruit of the spirit. The fruit of the spirit produces nine qualities, nine manifestations of graces. Yes. Hallelujah. It's not nine fruits. It's one fruit with nine manifestations with nine graces with nine qualities. Do we hear the difference? Amen. You know in the Greek New Testament clearly uses the singular when it says but the fruit of the spirit. Now take a cluster of grapes for example. The grapes are all of the same wine, right? And yet some of the grapes on this wine may be shrivel, shrunken, while others may be scrawny, small, sour, splendid, and yet they all come from the same wine. So don't get the idea that God somehow divides the fruit of the spirit among us to make sure all the bases are covered. We should not be under that impression. I truly believe that the Lord is going to speak to someone. God doesn't believe in divide and rule. God doesn't believe in separating. God doesn't divide the fruit of the spirit among us. God gives some of you the fruit of love while giving others the fruit of joy, the others the fruit of kindness and so forth. No, no, no. He's given every Christian, every saint, all the nine qualities, all the nine attributes. Amen. You cannot go through this list and say, I like this one and I'll pick it. I like this one. After all, joy is wonderful. I'll take some peace. That's always good. But that self-control can just stay on the shelf. It's all of the fruit for all of the saints, not some of the fruit for some of the saints. They all grow from the same branch. The wine is one. The branches are You might say, "Brother Bo, what should we do now? What shall I do? My answer is just bear more fruits. Just bear more fruit. Bring in more fruits. John 15:1 and2 says, "I am the true wine and my father is the husband man. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit." Remember this. Every branch. It's good to listen, you know. Amen. Oh, it's a good sermon, brother Bo. It's a good sermon, brother John. It's good to the ears. But remember, this should not b should not be only in this area. It should go deep down into our hearts. Now listen to this very carefully. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, he purgth it. That means bearing fruit is not easy. The prophet of God said when the bride is growing, the bride will be criticized. When the bride is growing in his grace, he will have growing pains. She will have growing pains. Do you believe that? When we grow, when our children grow, when we have grown, we had growing pains. But when we have growing pains, when we grow in his kingdom, when we are in the process of bearing much fruit, remember that's the growing pains of his grace. Look at this again. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, he purgth it. Means the more fruit, the more purging. More fruit, more purging. God is on a purging business. There's a gardener in the garden. What he will do when he likes some flower, he plucks it. If you are bringing fruit, God wants more. Today you gave a basket, tomorrow you want two baskets. Only God is not only the giver. My brothers, my sister, even we are givers. We need to go on giving. We need to bring more fruit. We need to bear more fruits. As we began in reading in Galatians 5:22, but the fruit of the spirit is love. Hallelujah. And the fruit produced by the Holy Spirit in the life of a surrender saint is not erotic love nor it's filio love. It is agape love. The same kind of love that caused Jesus to die on the cross for us while we were yet sinners. Christ died for us while we were yet sinners. This is a selfless love, not a self-centered love. And a person who has got self-centered love will fail and fall. What we need is a selfless love towards God, selfless love towards Christ, selfless love towards the world, selfless love toward our family. Yes. That's why selfishness should not creep in. Neither in the relationships, neither in your family, neither in the church, nowhere. What we need the same kind of love that Jesus caused. It caused Jesus to die on the cross for us while we were yet sinners. It is the truth. We were in guilt and shame and we were lying in the pool of blood. And what did God do? He passed by us and he didn't pass us but he came to us. He draw us near. Hallelujah. And he hold us into his mighty hands. I have loved you with an everlasting love and I have drawn you near. What kind of love we are talking about? This is a selfless love not a self centered love. And it is the first and the foremost fruit. You know when Paul is talking about this fruit of the spirit, love is the foundation. Without love, there is no joy, no peace, no longsuffering, no kindness, no goodness, no faithfulness, no gentleness, no self-control, no meekness, the restoration of the bride tree. So this little palmer come around to take off the fruits. The first thing, the first fruit it took off was brotherly love. That's right. There's no more brotherly love in the church. There's no love in the family. There's no love between the husband and wife and the children. What is happening? The devil is eating away this first fruit called love which is the foundation. That's the one thing that kills the church right there. That's the one thing that kills the family there. When brotherly love, when love is out of the church, when love is out of the family, it's not a church. It's not a family. Yes sir. The next fruit it took of he went on taking all the nine one after the other. Remember love is the first fruit on the tree. Then he took away joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, faith, patience in the Holy Ghost. Now the next question is how we can bear much fruit. How? Bible has got the answer. John 15:4 and 5 says, "Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can he except he abide in me. I am the vine. He are the branches. He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth much forth, much forth much fruit. For without me, you can do nothing. Brothers and sisters, you and I cannot do anything. You cannot do nothing without God. Go how far you want to go. But remember, there is always a U-turn. If there's no U-turn, that means you are falling up in the valley. No, but Christ is selfless love. He died for us on the cross of Calvary. He loved us so that you and I can be here today. And if you think that you have gone a little bit astray, little back out of line and the prophet saw that vision, you know, he said, "Get back in the line." Oh, it's time to get back in the line. It's time to get back. It's time to come back to the pavilion. It's time to come back to the Pentecost. It's time to come to the old time religion, old time singing, oldfashioned gospel. The family came for two weeks and they left and I called them. I said, "Why you not coming?" He said, "Pastor your church doesn't have rock and roll. I said, well, I might not have a rock and roll music, but I rock and I roll. My rock is Christ. And when his spirit comes upon me, I roll. I am a holy roller. What is happening? People are looking for you know fancy fancy screens, fancy music, fancy musicians, popular singers and by this they think they are doing good to God to the church. They are bringing fruit. No, no, no. Is everybody here? Oh, I was reading this word. My brother's my sister. Brother John asked me, "How did you sleep?" I didn't have an answer. He has the answer. You know, I'm not used of dogs at home. That bothers me you know because we are not used to living with the dogs in our homes in India. All our dogs are in stray, our cats, everything, you know. And brother John, let me tell you, it's it's just like I'm caged in I'm not coming out of the room because of the scare, you know, fear of that dog, you know. No matter how how much brother uh Mike says, sit down, sit down, sit down, the dog wants to come near to me. He likes my skin. But you know sometimes God puts you in that situation so that you can pray more, you can meditate more. Brother, sister sisters, as I was meditating upon this, you know, he says abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, no matter how much you do, no matter how much intellectual you are, how much strength you have, you cannot bear fruit except you abide in the wine. No more can he except you abide in me. Why? He said, "I am the vine. Ye are the branches. He that abide in me. I in him." See how many times abide in me, I in me, me in you. I and my father, me and you are one. He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me he can do nothing. So clear. But sometimes still we run around the bush. We play hide and seek. No, it's very plain. It is very simple. You abide in Christ and Christ will abide in you and you will bear much fruit. Not one month, not three months, not six months, all season. One day God Almighty Jesus Christ when he was upon the earth, he desired to have fruit. He was hungry. The the tree was green. Everything looked good. But when he looked for the fruit, there was no fruit. What did he say? From henceforth you will never bear fruit. And he cursed. And the next morning when the disciples were going back the same way, the disciples asked him, "Lord, you just spoke yesterday and it is gone this morning." But remember, he doesn't do it with you and me. He's a God of patience. He will wait. He will wait. He will wait. He will wait. He will wait. And if he still doesn't listen, you know what the word of God says? He will hand you over to the mammon. But he is a god. He is a merciful God. We sing that song. It's mercy rewrote my life. It's mercy. God's mercy rerode my life. What else we can have? If it wasn't the grace of God, the mercy of God, how can we bear much fruit? Abide in wine. Abide in Christ. Now listen, the wine doesn't bear fruit. Can we see Jesus? The wine doesn't bear fruit. Wine only energize the branch and the branch bear the fruit. When he was here on the earth, he said, "I am the wine. He the branches and now the wine does not bear fruit. The wine only energizes the branch and the branch bears fruit." Do you know what? Do you know that if you went to a pumpkin wine, what will you get? A pumpkin. If it's a fertile wine, to a watermelon, you get a watermelon. You go to a grape wine, you get grapes. When you come to the church, you ought to find Christ. Why do you come to church? To find Christ. Why do you come to church? To find out your mistakes, not the pastor's mistake. Not to try the pastor, not to try the deacons, not to try one another. No, you come to church to find Christ. Amen. You come to church to find out your weaknesses. Your flaws, your shortcomings. If there is any place which is the best correction facility, it's not in Fenton or not in Ann Arbor, not in Detroit. This place the church is the best correction facility. Amen. And if you're not corrected here, you will never be corrected anywhere. To a watermelon, you get watermelon. You go to grape wine, you get grapes. When you come to church, you are to find Christ. But what do you do on his wine? It's a question mark. What is happening in the world today? He says you find denominations fussing, fighting, arguing, everything else but the fruit of Christ. Jesus said the words that I do shall you do also. A little while and the world won't see me no more. Yet he shall see me for I will be with you even in you to the end of the world. That's why the Bible said he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. the door inside the door. I am the wine. You are the branches. The wine doesn't bear fruit. It purges the branches and the branches bear fruit. If it is good, healthy branch. If a lot of wines is wrapped around it and iss wrapped around it, it's cut off all the circulation and it won't be nothing. You can't bear fruit if the wine is entangled. So many isms, so many things, so many programs in the church. Amen. We have only one program, the word of God. You might say, "Brother Bo, I'm confused. I'm in state of panic. I'm state of shock. What should I do now? Bear much fruit. And what you need to do bear much fruit. Blind my eyes. That's the way a Christian is. When you are planted in Christ, the only thing you have to do is go to drinking. It gets vitamin out of the water. And the Christian gets his vitamins from the word. Then what you do? Drink. Drink more and spread out. Push out. Push out. Salvation. Push out through the Holy Spirit. Push out till the crippled arm come straight. Just keep drinking. Drink. Planted by the inexhaustible fountain of life. Jesus Christ is the inexhaustible fountain of that life. Drink till you can't drink no more. Drink until you get become drunken that you forget all your theology and believe God and drink it where drink till you are well and just keep on drinking. Amen. The more you drink, the more you'll bear the results. The more you drink, the more you'll bear fruits. We are talking about bearing much fruit. Why? How? When isn't our lord good? What happens when you drink from the inexist inexhaustible fountain of life? Lord shows the father and it suffice at the what you have to do with the tree. You take the tree and you plant it in the ground and then you have no have to water it and as you water it, it doesn't do nothing but drink drink. It has to drink more than its portion. not satisfied with Psalms 23. That has become a habit. Many Christians, many people, many believers, they only read the family altar in the morning and then say it's done. Just read one scripture, one psalm. If the psalm is too big, make it into three, four quarters. Why? We don't have time. The morning we get down from the bed instead of the Bible we have phone in our hands. Check your screen time. You will know how much fruits you are bearing. I know it's hard brothers and sister but this place is very dangerous. I can't be good to you and I can't be hot to you. No. I don't want to be partial. We have limited God in every aspect of our life. I mean if you believe in tithing that means you have to give 2 hours 40 minutes every day. Am I right brother? You need to give God 2 hours 40 minutes and more because he talks about more fruit. That's good. Not limited time fruit. No limited season. No fruit after fruit. Look what happens when it drinks, drinks, drink. It has to drink more than its portion. And more it drinks, the bigger it swells out. It just pushes out limbs. Then it pushes out leaves. Then it pushes out blossoms. Amen. Then it pushes out pushes out apple. Is that right? And that's the way a Christian is. We are planted together in Christ Jesus who is the inexhaustible fountain of life. We are planted in Christ and we just drink and drink and drink and push out and everything we have need of this earthly journey. Amen. Amen. I want to see you all in heaven. But if you don't want to see me, that's your problem, brother. We are on an earthly journey. This is not United States is not your citizenship. India is not my citizenship. Our citizenship is heaven. Yes, we have a permanent citizenship there. And we need while we are on this earth, we are in the need on this earthly journey. What is that? Divine healing, the power of God and all the other things in every individual in earth that receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Why? For you are planted in Christ. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost baptism. Yes, sir. and everything you have need of this life's journey even the rapture is right in you then filled with the Holy Ghost. Do you know natural tribes spiritual? You know God vindicates us as he vindicates nature. As he vindicates nature he vindicates you. You must be born again. When you are born again, God vindicates you. That's how God vindicates all of his nature. By what? By the fruits. That's the way he vindicates his ministry. That's right. All of his servants are vindicated. The same way he vindicates nature. How do you know it's a peach tree? Because it brings peaches. How do you know it's an apple tree? It's bearing apples. How do you know it's a Christian? Christian science bear from it. Christian life comes out of it. How do you know he's a teacher? The word comes from him. Amen. How do you know he's a prophet? The word comes through him. Bears records vindication. It proves itself. How does it become when it dies and becomes one? And Paul said, "I die daily." Is there anybody who can say like Paul, I die daily. Is there anybody who can say like Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ." That's right. When we die and become a new creature in Christ Jesus, it gets us with our calling. We stay with our calling. The fruits of the spirit follows us when we are his servants. When we are born again, the fruit of Christ life follow us. That's right. How do you know it's a peach tree? It God's speeches. How do you know he's Christian? He acts like Christ. He walks like Christ. He talks like Christ. He lives like Christ above sin. Victorious. Nay, in all things we are more than conquerors. What does he do? See what I've done. Christ didn't do that. He gave all praise to the father. That's right. That's how you know. By their fruits you shall know them. Verily, verily I say unto you, except a man be born again, he cannot even understand the kingdom of God. You know, if you and I are filled with the Holy Spirit, bearing fruit is not a strange thing to you. Have faith in God. If you have been planted, rooted, and grounded in Christ, you will bear the fruits of Christ. You have to. Amen. If you got that experience, the fruit's no strange to you. Do you know winning someone to Christ is also one of the fruit? You know when when when when one person comes to the throne of God, 10,000 words, the angels in heaven rejoice. And winning someone to Christ is also bearing fruit. hidden life with Christ. Notice it was after it was refreshed. After it yielded after the tree was refreshed, yielded these blossoms had to yield fruit. There's many people who has been Christian for years and never won another soul to Christ. They have never give a public testimony of their salvation in church or before people or on the streets or never testified to a sinner, woman or man in the work or somewhere. They can't yield fruit. Why? They can't get quite long enough. You got so many things to do. Brother, how are you? I'm busy. Sister, how are you? I am busy. We have learned the art of doing nothing. What? We have learned the art of doing nothing. What we need to do if we need to bear wolf planting the wine and where to plant it, we need enough sustaining moisture. A plant that's been in the desert place and doesn't have enough sustaining moisture, it will bear little naughty fruits. God is not interested in little naughty fruits. It doesn't look like the fruit that should come from the wine. My brother, sister, that's what it is with the churches today. The sinner comes in after maybe at home coming under conviction goes and reads his Bible and goes to the church and instead of finding great delicious apples right or great fruit the life of the Lord Jesus being reproduced in the church it's it finds what the unbeliever finds in the church little naughty worm eaten petty fruits petty thoughts. That's why brother John I always tell wherever I go when a newcomer has come, a visitor has come, go talk to them, love them, tell them you care for them, you love for them. You know, but what is happening? I have seen in my life, brother, people think I'm from a third world country. They can do whatever they want to. I'm not trying to be hard but I want to tell you they have formed groups as soon as the prayer is over. There are people they don't even want to shake hands of the visiting minister. When a newcomer comes they don't want to even shake hands. What they want is oh my dear how are you? You look so pretty. It's good. But first when a visitor has come, you show them the love. You appreciate that they have come. You appreciate a minister that he has come from so many miles or different place. I'm not trying to be hard, but I'm telling the truth. Some of them are so stiff like brother John they don't even look at you when you stand at the door. What is this? You are bearing fruit but it's a naughty fruit. It's a petty small fruit which should not come out from the wine but it has come shriveled shrunken warm eataten. When I read that, tears started pouring into my eyes. Said Lord maybe sometimes I have done that, neglected my brothers, neglected my sisters and we call ourselves believers. We must bring forth of of his fruits. Not our fruits. We must bring forth of his fruits in his season. Wisdom versus faith. Yes, sir. I love that. Don't you? Bring forth of his fruits in his season. Again, he says, "Bring forth his fruits." What fruits? The fruit of what? His fruits. His fruits. What fruits? His own fruits. What fruit is it? The Bible say all of it's here. The fruit of love, it's here in the Bible. Joy here, it's in the Bible. Holy Ghost, it's in the Bible. Power, it's in the Bible. Divine healing, it's in the Bible. Promises of God, it's in the Bible. What is all that? That's our fruits. Here it is. Even if he's planted in this, this is planted in the right kind of soil. In faith, what does faith do? Faith begins to grow it. Amen. He shall be like a tree that's planted by the waters. Bring forth his fruit in the season. Which fruit? His fruit. We need to be bearer of his fruit. What kind of fruit will it bring forth? John 14:12 said, Jesus said, "He that believeth on me, the works that I shall do, he do also." Why? The same words in him. He was in the word. That's right. And if he abide in me and my words in you, ask what he will. There is anybody who think this I'm not able to bear fruit we need to we need to look into that no fruit bearing we need to have restoration it's time to restore and the Lord said I will restore unto you all things not one thing which he likes which he can do which he can't do know all things. No fruit. We need to get back to restoration. There's no love in the relationship. Get back to restoration. If your brother, your sister is mad at you, get back to restoration. If you don't do that, God will not even answer your prayers. But before we can ever start bearing the fruit of his spirit, we will have to restore back all the things that the insects have eaten of. We'll have to go back and find out what the insects had eaten. Which insect? The insect which had destroyed your peace, crush it down. If the insect has divided you, your friendship, crush it down. Remove it. Amen. Is it too hard? It is hard but we need to take it. This is a correction facility. If you're not bearing the fruit, get back to restoration. Check what insects have we eaten. What? We'll have to go back and find out what that insects has eaten. Oh, praise the Lord. Before this wine of the Lord, the grape wine, he is the wine. We are the branches. And before we can ever find out or the church can stand in its formal and original power, we will have to go back and find out what the insects eat. And that church will have to be restored back to that or it will never stand in its power and glory of its first standing. You know the first standing is always the first standing brother. You believe it or not. If you want to come back to the original standard, you need to get back to restoration. What you need to do? Check what the insect have. You know what? If the fruit is not bearing, if the tree is not bearing the fruit, you know where the problem is? Says not only the fruit, the limbs, everything is eaten. Even the bark of the tree is also gone. What did the insect do? It has eaten the bark. And what is the bark? It's a sap line. And what is a sap line? It means lifeline. If the bark is tore off a tree, we got to get bark. Get bark back again. Grow the bark first. You can't have apples till you grow the bark. For the bark is the sapline. The sapline is the lifeline. And Jesus Christ is that lifeline. Amen. What we need today, we need to be convinced. We need to confess. And we need to believe. Now I am saved. Jubilee year. When you are thoroughly convinced that Jesus Christ is the son of God and in your heart, not in your imagination, but in your heart, something echoes down there and said, "Now I am saved. That's all you need right there, brother. Confess it out. Let your words go out and then watch. Watch your life from then on." No more than a corn could bear cockal burs. Neither could that man bear evil fruits. He will have to bear good fruit. Jesus said, "He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." That's because you believed. Not imagine, but you believe it. It become a thought in your heart. The next thing you are express it as a confession. He that will confess me before men him I will confess before my father the holy angel. Then something anchors. That's the reality. Zlo I want to live with this quote investments and that word in you produces the life of Christ. The life that's in you shows what you are. Listen to this. Your life testified so loud in you until your testimony is not heard. They know what you are by the life you live and the things that you do. Amen. God doesn't want us to be wishy-washy. I don't want to be called, you don't want to be called a wishy-washy Christian. Born again on Sunday, gone again from Monday to Saturday, gone again into the world, doing the things of the world. and on Sunday you act like a Christian doesn't like wishy-washy Christians. Isn't it beautiful, brother John? Your life testified so loud in you until your testimony is not heard. They know what you are by the life you live and the things you do. Now I want to tell you no matter how fathomless you go and dig it and bury it, one day the truth has to come out. Even the lies have to come up. They know what you are by the life you live and the things that you do. If the life of Christ is in you, then therefore the works of the life of Christ you live because that's his life living through you. You are just in a vessel to carry on the work of God. A vessel. Amen. That's why we read, "But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, and temperance. How will bear that fruit abide in me? And I in you, as the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can he except he abide in me. Herein is my father glorified that he bear much fruit so shall he be my disciples. Do you know that we Christians have characters? Character is victory. What is the beauty of the church is the character of the people. I would like to just close with this. Talk about Christian character. When we talk about Christian character, we have to manifest nine graces means nine fruit. What is the manifestation of nine graces? The first three love, joy, peace. That's a character as an inward state that should be inside of us. Love, joy, and peace. The next four longsuffering uh next three long uh longsuffering gentleness and goodness that's a character in expression towards one another. I'll repeat it again. We have to display or manifest nine graces in our life. Love, joy, peace. That's the character of an inward state. longsuffering, gentleness, goodness. That's the character in the expression towards man. Faith, meekness, and temperance. These three are towards God. In you, out of you, and to God. Amen. These are the manifestations of nine graces. Love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, and temperance. Love, joy, peace should be in you. Longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, it's for others. Faith, meekness, temperance, it's towards God. What shall we do now? Let us bear fruit. Amen. One basket, two baskets, no plenty. Bear much fruits, bearing much fruit every day in and out season. Are you blessed by the word of God? I pray that this will be a great blessing to you. If there is anything that I have hurt you in my speaking, please forgive me for that. It's nothing intentional. But we need to keep on bearing the fruit so that our God may be glorified. God bless you. Thank you very much for your patience. Remember us in your prayers. Remember the ministry in India. Thank you, brother John. Praise the Lord. [Applause] [Applause] wants to keep bearing more fruit. Amen. It's a challenge for us. I think we were challenged this morning. It's easy to say, "I believe." It's easy to say, "Have a relationship with God." And it's another thing for it to be vindicated by the fruit that we bear. And I believe we were challenged to make sure that we are bearing fruit. Jesus himself told us by the fruit we're going to know who's who. And so it doesn't matter our testimony what we say. It matters what we're bearing when we're going through test and trials. that shows what's where if we really have the love of God, if we really have peace inside, whether we have joy or if we have to make sure everything is just right for us to be happy. I I think about uh the three Hebrew children and just the different situations in the Bible where you can still have peace, love, and joy and things not going right in your life. Yeah. You can be out of you can be out of money and still be the happiest Christian in the world. Amen. You you can you can be hated by somebody and still be in love with them because the love of God is without respect to persons. Amen. If it's inside you, that means God is inside you. Let's stand together and let's sing I believe Jesus saves. How many believe Jesus saves? Amen. Amen. I am coming to Jesus for rest. Rest such as the pure if I know my soul is a thirst to be blessed, to be washed and made wider than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes wider than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes wider than snow. Incoming my sin I deplore my weakness in poverty show. I long to be saved ever more to be washed and made wider than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes wider than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes wider than snow. To Jesus I give up my all. Every treasure and idol I know. For his fullness of blessing I call. Till his blood washes wider than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes wider than snow. I believe Jesus saves and his blood washes wider than snow. [Music] Amen. Mercy rewrote my life. [Music] Oh mercy rewrote my love, mercy rewrote my love. I should have fallen. My soul cast down the mercy rero my love. Mercy rero my love. God's mercy rero my love. Oh, I should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy rerow my life. One more time. Mercy rero my life. Just thank him for it. Mercy rro my life. When I look back, oh, I should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy rerow my life. Oh pleasing, let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. [Music] Praying. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. [Music] pleasing. Let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praying. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. Amen. Amen. Maybe we could just have that flute play that as we go to the Lord in prayer. If we could just have every head bowed. Amen. Pleasing. Pleasing. Amen. And we just heard a beautiful word today, a word to to take us up higher. Amen. I just want us to look to the Lord as we go to him in prayer and just believe that that God wants us to truly bear not just part of this fruit now, but all of it. Amen. Our heavenly father, we come to you as a body of believers here today, Lord, desiring that in everything we would be pleasing to you. Lord, we don't believe that we heard from a man today. Our faith is much higher than that. We believe we heard from you. We heard from your heart and your desire that that that the whole world, those that we come in contact with, they would see all the fruit of the spirit bearing in us. And God, we know that can only happen by you living inside of us. So God, we invite you in. We invite your spirit. We invite your word in as as uh your prophet said, the only way that we can bear the fruit is have the word of God living and abiding inside of us. Your holy spirit. God, I pray Lord for every believer here, every believer watching, Lord, every believer listening, Lord, that you would grant to them whatever whatever parts of the fruit, Lord, that they're desiring to have, Lord, whatever part they're looking to extend, to bear more fruit, Lord, to those that are desiring just to have more of it in their life. I pray for everyone that you would grant to them that you would be glorified in their body. Amen. Oh granite, Lord, that they would bear much fruit and and Lord, that you would be pleased with them, Father. Oh God, we are your bride and Lord, we just want to be found pleasing. We receive your word today. We receive it into our heart and we're taking it home with us and we're going to apply it. Lord, we thank thee for all these things now. We pray then.
