################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-09 - 1.7.26 - Trusting God Will Make A Way In Our Trials - John Martin - John Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-09
Title:    1.7.26 - Trusting God Will Make A Way In Our Trials - John Martin
Speaker:  John Martin
Church:   Send The Light Church
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 46m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2dUe0f1fBA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
of the mighty Red Sea. And he said, "I will lead you. Put your trust in me." How great is our God? How great is his word? He's the greatest one that ever was served. He rode back the waterers of the mighty Red Sea. And he said, "I will lead you. Put your trust in me. How great is our God? How great is his word? He's the greatest one. So humble yourself. He rode back the waters of the mighty Red Sea and he said, "I will lead you. Put your trust in me." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How great is our God? How great is his word? He's the greatest one that ever was heard. He wrote back the waterers of the mighty Red Sea and he said, "I will lead you. Put your trust in me." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just trust him tonight. &gt;&gt; He wants to lead us &gt;&gt; through his word. Amen. So, let's just trust him tonight. Well, it's a blessing to be here tonight. I'm thankful for everybody that came. Amen. I'm I'm thankful that God healed that there's was sickness and but God seen us through, seen you through. It's good to see brother Jonathan. Good to see our sister Linda. Amen. Legacy of brother Ben. And uh good to see everybody else. Amen. Brother Jonathan, can you just open us with a word of prayer? Amen. I like to see brother Ben and uh good to see everybody else. Amen. Brother Jonathan, can you just open us with a word of prayer? Amen. How legacy of brother Ben and uh good to see everybody else. Amen. Brother Jonathan, can you just open us with a word of prayer? &gt;&gt; Amen. I like to see brother Ben and uh good to see everybody else. Amen. Brother Jonathan, can you just open us with a word of prayer? &gt;&gt; Amen. A legacy of brother Ben and uh good to see everybody else. Amen. Brother Jonathan, can you just open us with a word of prayer? &gt;&gt; Amen. a legacy of brother Ben and uh good to see everybody else. Amen. Brother Jonathan, can you just open us with a word of prayer? &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to see you, brother Ben. And uh good to see everybody else. Amen. The word of prayer. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Come and go with me. Amen. Come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. To my father's house. Come and go with me. To my father's house where there's peace, sweet peace. Jesus will be there in my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. Jesus will be there in my father's house. Where there's peace. peace. There'll be no sorrow there in my father's house. Oh, in my father's house. In my father's house, there'll be no sorrow there. In my father's house, there'll be joy, joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. To my father's house. Come and go with me. To my father's house. Where there's peace, sweet peace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I believe that's his invitation towards us. Amen. at Calvary. Amen. Years I spent in vanity and pride, caring not my Lord was crucified, knowing not was for me he died on Calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me and soul found liberty at Calary. By God's word at last my sin I learned. Then I trembled at the law I spurned till my guilty soul imploring turn to Calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. Bear my burdens. So found liberty at Calary. Now I've given to Jesus everything. Now I gladly own him as my king. Now my rapture soul can only sing of Calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Oh pardon there was multiplied to me. There my burden soul found liberty at calary. Oh that love duth that salvation's plan. Oh that grace that brought it down to man. Oh, that mighty golf that God did spend at Calvary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. Pardon there was multiplied to me. There my zones and zones on libertary. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen, brother. Thank you. Battle him of the republic. Amen. Amen. We're in a spiritual battle. Amen. My eyes has seen the coming of the glory of the Lord. He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are sword. He has loosed the faithful lightning of his terrible swift sword. His truth is marching on. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. I have seen him in a watchers of a hund circling camps. They have built them in an altar in the evening dues or dance. I can read his right to sentence by the dim and flaring lamps. His day is marching on. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. He has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never sound retreat. He is sifting out the hearts of men before the judgment seat. Oh, be swift my soul to answer him. Be jubilant my feet. Our God is marching on. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelu. is truth is marching on in the beauty of the liies. Christ was born across the sea with the glory in his bosom that transfigures you and me as he died to make men holy. Let us die to make them free. While God is marching on. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. His truth is marching on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. His truth is marching on. Amen. I think that is the divider from those who believe and don't. Amen. Bound for the promised land. Amen. I'm bound for the promised land. No matter what comes my way. On Jordan stories banks I stand. and cast a wishful light towards Canaan's fair and happy land where my possessions lie. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for that promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. All those wide extended plains shall one eternal day. There God the sun forever rains and scatters night away. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. No chilling winds, no poisonous breaths can reach that healthful shore. Sickness and sorrow, pain and death are feared and felt no more. Hallelujah. I am bound for that promised land. I am bound for that promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. When shall I reach that happy place and be forever blessed? When shall I see my father's face and in his bosom rest? I am bound for the promised land. And I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. I am bound for the promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound for the promised land. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm bound for the promised land. &gt;&gt; Anybody want to come? Hallelujah. Well, come and go with me. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What a joyful day that'll be. to see the saints of God raptured. Amen. What a blessed. We are blessed people. Amen. Well, there's a few requests I'd like to bring to the Well, first of all, I'd like to give an apology for not reading these last uh Sunday. this past Sunday. It's uh one of them is uh please remember brother Jonathan this morning and is has tremendous pain and has been fighting an ear infection. Uh so for over a month. So as we read it here he is. So we're just thankful that he was able to make it this this afternoon. Amen. So and it's good to see our sister Linda too. So um and our brother Ben. You know, when when a member of the body is sick, we're all sick. And and you know, I I I was just thinking uh earlier this morning, I say, you know, um when you don't see somebody at church, that should be a burden on your heart to pray for them because we don't know what's going on, whether it's sickness or maybe they're down in the spirit, whatever it is. You know, there's many people that should be here that aren't here. And sometimes I believe the reason they're not here is because we don't pray for them. I know I'm guilty. So, let us all pray one for another. Amen. So, let's just remember uh all the Christians in Iran. Amen. For God's protection for them as there's an uprising. Um God's on the move. You know, he has to give everybody an opportunity and the more people that get the opportunity to receive Christ, the closer we are to the rapture. So pray that is the word can go out throughout the world. Amen. Many p uh many pastors have been in prison Venezuela. Amen. Pray for their release. And same thing in Iran. Amen. And I believe our Jonathan mentioned in the uh men's meeting that there's a mighty move of uh God in China too. Um you know if you're if you're chosen from God, he'll call you out and he'll call you into the truth. So we remember us. We've been called into the truth. But there's many out there that haven't been called into the truth. So, let's just continue to pray for them. Not only, you know, the Iran, but there's a there's a battlefield right outside these doors. So, let's just pray one for another for all of them. Amen. If we could also remember um a gentleman named uh uh Sean Swain. We prayed him for him before. He's had cancer. How many years ago? 20 years ago or something like that? Well, 10 years ago anyway. And uh he it's returned back with vengeance on him. And uh it's taken its toll on his body. He needs a miracle. Also, uh let's remember brother Orlando's eyes. He needs a touch from the Lord for cataracts. I think he has he scheduled to get cataract surgery if God don't move on his behalf. I but he's just believing. Amen. Also for uh uh my sister-in-law Linda's uh uh sister Diana uh she come down with lethoma and she's uh we're currently getting a port put in so they can give her treatment. So, I mean, sometimes a month goes by, sometimes a week goes by. We don't we don't we don't know. Things can change just like that. And I believe sometimes we think that, you know, God forbid that we think that God delayeth his coming, but you know, day every day we take things for granted, but we should never take Christ for granted. He gave us another day. So let's be thankful that he did give us another day. So let's just stand. Amen. If there's somebody on your heart, just lift it up to the Lord. Let's remember our pastor John in prayer uh that uh as we start the new year that um God would just uh inspire him to take us higher or we can never go uh any higher than he goes. So we just pray that God would just uh speak to him. Amen. and that all of us would just uh hear to the word of God and just believe and see where God will take us because I believe he wants to take us to places we've never been. So let's just pray on in the unity tonight. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord God, we know, Lord, that you're more than capable, Lord, more than capable of meeting every need that we would have, Lord Jesus. We see your work around the world, Lord. We see that time is short, Lord. And that you're calling yours people out of the out of each every group, Lord. A little here, a little there, Lord God. But Lord, we know that Lord all that comes to you will all that the Father comes Lord will come Lord God. So Lord as we stand before you tonight Lord Lord with many needs upon our hearts Lord we know that we've come to the author and finisher of our faith Lord the Omega Lord. Oh Lord Jesus, Lord, as we come before you tonight, Lord God, we pray, Lord, in the depths of our hearts and our souls, Lord, that you would, Lord, just help us, Lord. Give us strength in this hour, Lord. Give us more faith than we've ever had before, Lord, to believe on the unseen things, Lord. To believe on the things, Lord God, that we have only hoped for, Lord. to push that hope aside and believe by faith, Lord, and know that they're going to happen, Lord. Not to speak, Lord, bad things, Lord, or things of ill, Lord, but to believe on eternal things, Lord God. That this church would have a per uh confession of profession, Lord, that it would just utter the things of God and nothing more, Lord God. For you are the Lord and the Savior of all humanity, Lord Jesus. And we just pray in in one name, Lord Jesus, that you would just come and just be in our midst, Lord. Be our guest tonight, Lord. We invite you and not only into this church, but into our hearts, Lord God, that we might receive from you. Lord, we pray that you just bless all the ministers around the world, Lord. All the missionaries, Lord. Bless all those that are live streaming tonight, Lord. May they receive what they have need of also, Lord God. For your mar arm is mighty and it is long, Lord. There's no place that it can't reach, Lord God. And we pray, Lord Jesus, that you fulfill the needs that we would have tonight. And that we ask it all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Dennis, could you just lead us in offerings? of our needs. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. You may be spirit. Amen. Burn. Burn. Holy Spirit. Amen. I need a burning. Burn. Burn. Holy Spirit. Burning me. Set my heart on fire. Fill me with the Holy Ghost and God's full desire. Make me like the Christ of old, healing and raising the dead. Oh, give me the power that Jesus had through the blood that was shed. Burn, burn, Holy Spirit. Burn in me. Set my sword on fire. Oh, fill me with the Holy Ghost and God's full desire. Oh, make me like the Christ of old, healing and raising the dead. Oh, give me the power that Jesus had through the blood that was shed. Burn, burn, Holy Spirit, burn in me. Set my heart on fire. Fill me with the Holy Ghost and God's full desire. Make me like the Christ of old, healing and raising the dead. Oh, give me the power that Jesus had through the blood that was shed. Amen. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many wants to be burning with the Holy Spirit? &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, it's not only for you. It's for all those that are around you. Deeper, deeper. Let's go deeper in Christ this year. Amen. Deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus daily. Let me go higher, higher in the school of wisdom, more of grace to know. Oh, deeper yet I pray. and higher every day. And wiser, blessed Lord, in thy precious holy word, deeper, deeper. Blessed Holy Spirit, take me deeper still till my life is wholly lost in Jesus and his perfect will. Go deeper yet I pray and higher every day and wiser blessed Lord in that precious holy word. Deeper deeper though we cross our trials. deeper. Let me go rooted in the holy love of Jesus. Let me fruitful grow. Oh deeper yet I pray and higher every day and wiser. Blessed Lord in thy precious holy word deeper higher every day in Jesus till all conflict pass finds me conqueror and is in known image perfected at last. Oh deer yet I pray. And wiser blessed thy and wiser blessed Lord in thy precious holy word. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's go deeper tonight in his word. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just stand. Amen. Amen. Let's just uh sing um only believe as our brother comes. Amen. Oh, you got to you just got to believe what what we sang about what the word that's going to come forth and may it manifest in our lives. Amen. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. I believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. With God, all things are possible. &gt;&gt; Good to be in the house of the Lord today. It's good to see everyone today. Amen. It seems like it's a little bright up here and a little dark back there. But how does it seem to you? You got light enough back there? &gt;&gt; Yes. Huh? Too bright up here. It seems just a little bit, but uh the word of the Lord is our light. Amen. Well, um we really appreciate Brother Ron and leading us in worship and praise and uh preparing us for the word. Um, and let's just look to the Lord in a word of prayer before we open his word and begin to read it. A dear Father, thank you. Thank you, Lord, that you've made a way for us to gather together with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. and thank you that you've promised that where two or three would be gathered, you would be right there in the midst. Now, Lord, we're asking that you'd give us eyes to see, see you here in the unveiling of your word. Help us to recognize you in a personal way. And Lord, from the youngest to the oldest, I pray that we would all have that expectation of hearing your voice and seeing uh the unseen God speak to us today. Lord, let us leave here with a portion of you that we didn't have when we came. Lord, it would only just take one word. So many words would be spoken today, not perhaps for uh us directly, but for somebody else. Lord, we ask that every one of us would be able to walk away with one word from you. Lord, that word could change our life forever. Lord, we commit the service to you. We just pray your blessings now and your anointing on your word as we receive it today in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. Amen. Lord, we give you the glory. Turn with me, if you would, to 1 Corinthians chapter 10 for our opening scripture. We want to entitle this message, trusting God will make a way in our trial. &gt;&gt; Trusting God will make a way in our trials. And um for our subject, we want to talk about growing in our trials. Not all people grow through trials. U brother Brandon makes a statement that um God put some people in the church just for your perfecting and showing us that not everybody is going to grow through a trial and that God puts adversity in the church just for your perfection. not to be your best friend, not so you could um make a rapture together, but that God uses the enemy as it were or the carnal believer to bring spiritual perfection to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. First Corinthians chapter 10, we're going to read one verse, verse number 13. There have no temptation taken you, but such as common to man. But God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able, but will with the temptation also make a way of escape that you may be able to bear it. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. May be seated. If I could just slip this in there real quick. That way of escape is inside of you. The way of escape for this trial that you're going through out here that's mega problem. The the way of escape is inside of you because God speaks to the inside of you. Now everyone at this time of the year is trying to make changes in their lives. Uh how many people go on a diet at this time of year? A quite a few people. How many people in our church are uh starting a diet at this time? No. Uh finances. This is just a time that people look at change, make New Year's resolutions. We've talked about this before. And every change that takes place requires growth from what they're currently doing. In other words, you have to do something different because if you always done what you always if you always do what you always done, you're always going to get what you always got. And there's never going to be anything different. Like if I'm going to go uh and get healthier uh by my diet, I I need I can't keep eating Oreos and candy and cake and cookies and ice cream because I'm always going to get the same result. So those of you that are on a diet, if I could say it like this, you have had to suffer to do the diet. And and says to me, why did you buy those donuts? I mean, so you have to actually resist certain things to bring about a better thing in your life, &gt;&gt; right? And trials are there to bring about a better thing in your life. But we don't view it like that. We're just this trial is why is this thing here? This shouldn't be happening. But it's the trial that God brings that opens the door of opportunity uh for growth to happen in our life. And it it's it's learning to see God in the trial. So change is very important. Without change, there can be no growth. There must be a change in order for growth to transpire. Uh take a look at a baby. We would all be in diapers today if uh there wasn't changes in our life. We were all in diapers at one time and we had to make a change. And I'm sure every one of us when we were uh told uh to to go on the big potty uh we were not really wanting to do that because we just spent the last what years, six months or two years, whatever it was, not having to worry about it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And our mom and dad says, you know, we don't want to keep doing this. You need to start thinking about change. It was like uncomfortable feeling. don't want to do this. So, even from a young child all the way, it it doesn't stop how how old you get. If you're if there's going to be growth, there's going to be a change. And the change is going to be hard. It's going to seem like a trial to that child. Um, and it's to us it's like it's no trial. Just learn to sit on the big potty and go. And it's with anything. is is is feeding. You know, before you we were either breastfed or a bottle and after that, you know, you got to learn to drink out a sippy cup and it's uh no longer jars. You're going to be eating uh regular meats and all this was was different. And it was it was harder and um it it it became a trial to take a a teenager who who he was just his his whole mindset is I can't wait till I drive. Where's where's uh JJ? I can't wait till I drive because when I drive it's freedom, right? It's freedom. But you got to go through the trial of of of of driver's ed and you got to study things and learn things. the law that you don't really want to. So, so a a trial is part of learning and that learning creates a change and then you you you you grow because of it. Are you with me so far? &gt;&gt; We had to change the way that we wanted to do things to be more mature. Bible says in 1 Corinthians 13:11, "When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child, I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things." So I don't care if I want to look at this emotionally, spiritually, naturally, you have to put away things that you once did in order to grow. Because if you always did what you always have done, there's never going to be a growth. &gt;&gt; So if we want to grow, we have to make a change. This is really important because in our trials, the only thing we're thinking about in our trials is just to get out of the trial. And we're not thinking about growth. We're not thinking about change. We just want the trial to stop. But if we really want to change, we have to accept that it's going to feel like a trial to the smallest degree. But God is faithful who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you're able, but will with the temptation, he will make a way of escape that you can bear it. How many times have you been in a trial and said, "I hate this thing. I wish it wouldn't be here." But the Bible is telling us that God will make a way of escape. Thinking about the Christians that gave their life on a a cross, they were burnt to death. God made a way of escape. Look at Stephen when he was being stoned. He didn't even feel the pain because of the presence of the Lord was so strong. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He had so much love. Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing. And so if we can believe no matter how hard a trial is that God is really truly there if you're looking for him to be there if you believe that he'll be there he is there &gt;&gt; because he said I'll never leave you I'll never forsake you. Now almost all the changes that occur in our lives went through some sort of suffering and um it it it it's I don't even when you get older and uh it it never stops. No matter how old you are, you it's going to require you to suffer in order to grow. But God will make a way for us. I believe that with all my heart. Now, not all change is good. Not all changes bring good growth. For instance, if a child doesn't get what it wants by just asking, can I have this? It doesn't get what it wants. It will learn to manipulate. it will find a way to get what it wants by manipulation because um it didn't get what it want by asking. So now I got to try something different and it changes its technique. Of course it doesn't stop with a child. Adults do it too. So they change. So not all change is good. Remember, brother Brandham said, um, power without character, in other words, power to get what you want without the right way is satanic. So now all change is good. Bible teaches us that children are shaped into iniquity. So just through the the mere fact of learning that that you don't have to do everything that you're supposed to do, you become someone who feeds off the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And uh and and we as adults, we have to learn to to put away those things. Amen. 1 Peter 4:1 says, "For as much then as Christ has suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourself likewise with the same mind. For he that have suffered in the flesh have ceased from sin, that you no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lust of men, but to the will of God." So here Peter is saying you need to have the mind of Christ that if you're going to grow in Christ that you need to arm yourself that it's going to be a suffering and brother Ron read a scripture in our men's meeting that the sufferings of the present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us that if you if you realize if you want to grow a lot in life you got to be willing to suffer a lot. If a person is not willing to suffer, they're not going to grow. &gt;&gt; Romans 12:1, I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your body a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. So to present your body uh a living sacrifice is suffering constantly, right? It's not just a one. It's not like the Mayans who just sacrificed their body one time and they they were dead. But every day, right? You you you pick up your cross daily. I'm crucified with Christ. And be not conformed to this world, which is, you know, go after everything you want and just do do whatever you got to do to get it. Be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is the good and acceptable and perfect will of God. So, what we want to do is change the way we think in our trials. Change the way we think in our trials. What I found is that most people want change from their current situation without doing anything. &gt;&gt; It's almost like a wish list. They wish things would be better, but they're not willing to pay the necessary price to make them better. They want somebody else to fix their situation for them. We're going to dive into uh the children of Israel for a a little bit. If you want to turn to Exodus chapter 3, the children of Israel were in bondage um down in Egypt and Pharaoh the task masters uh afflicted them with uh burdens. And in Deuteronomy uh 26 verse 6 as you turn to Exodus chapter 3 it says the Egyptians evil uh intreated them and afflicted them and laid upon them hard bondage and the Lord in Exodus 3:7 the Lord said unto Moses I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt and have heard their cry by the reason of their taskmasters for I know their sorrows and I have come down to deliver them out of the hand under the hand of the Egyptians. So here God is going to come down and he's going to deliver them out of their trial. But this is not all that he's going to do. He said, "And to bring them up out of uh out of that land onto a good land and a large onto a land flown with milk and honey." And you sang about it today. I am bound for the promised land. And so there were two things that God was going to do. He was going to deliver and he was going to place them into the promised land. So the children of Israel cried out for a change. They wanted these burdens often. They wanted the to be out of this trial. And God delivered them out of the oppression wherewith the Egyptians had oppressed them. And in Exodus 15 verse one, this is uh after they went through the the the miracle of the Red Sea, uh they were no longer being afflicted, but they were they were having a great time. In Exodus 15:1 says, "Then sang Moses and the children of Israel this song unto the Lord and spake, saying, I will sing unto the Lord, for he have triumphed gloriously. The horses and his rider uh have he thrown into the sea. The Lord is my strength and my song, and he has become my salvation. and he is my God and I will prepare him a habitation um my father's God and I will exalt him. So you could see they were no longer under affliction anymore but they were on the other side of uh the Red Sea and now they were rejoicing because God had delivered them. In verse 20, and Marion the prophetus, the sister of Aaron, took a tambourine in her hand, and all the women went out after her with the tambourines and with dances. Praise God, there's dances. And Marion answered them, "Sing ye to the Lord, for he have triumphed gloriously. The horse and his rider have he thrown into the sea." So they had something to sing about. God had just delivered them from their trial. &gt;&gt; God did the very same thing for you and I. We were all walking under the devil taskmaster when God saved us. &gt;&gt; God who was rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he loved us even when we were dead in sins have he quickened us together with Christ. For by grace are you saved through faith and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God. Now, God did not just want to save us from going to hell, but he wanted to uh bring us into the nature of God, our promised land. Are you with me? He didn't want to just save us from our current trial, our current situation. What he has in mind going through our trials today is that he wants to build a character that brings about the same nature that he has. And he can't give us the nature of Christ as um a gift because brother Brandham said character is never going to be a gift. He said it's going to be a victory &gt;&gt; and the only way you're going to get a victory is if you're in a battle and that's what trials are. So, we'll never when we're singing I'm bound for the promised land. I think what we should be thinking about is I'm going to be going through a trial &gt;&gt; and I'm going to I'm going to get character because I'm going to make the right decisions in the trial. I'm going to do what God wants me to do. I'm going to act the way God wants me to act in my trial. And I'm going to come forth with a character that I didn't have before the trial happened. God said, 'Ive come down to deliver them out of the land of the Egyptians and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land, a large land, a land that flowth with milk and honey. Two separate things. God was going to bring out He was going to bring us out of the world with a deliverance, which he did, and he was going to bring us into Christ by overcoming our nature. And the land is placed that God wants us to dwell is with him. Now understand that this land is it already is inhabited by an enemy. So there's an evil nature inside of us that we were born with and we have to be born again. We have to overcome it. And that is the place that God wants to dwell in. He wants to dwell in our heart. But you know our heart is unruly. It's evil. It has things that well, we can't even be trusted, right? Above all, it's evil. So, we need God um to to to help us overcome that selfish nature to where we can literally live for others. Amen. Are you with me? Okay. So, I got a plan today. The plan is we're going to say amen 20 times every service, but we're going to start with this service. 20 times, every one of us is going to say amen, not all at one time. We're going to space it out. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They kind of keep the flow of things going. We're not gonna we're not going to be in here like we're watching a movie. We're going to be getting behind the word. Exodus chapter 15 verse 22. Exodus chapter 15 verse 22. Now I want to say this. In order for us to take the land or to take the Holy Ghost, we've got to be faithful in the wilderness. &gt;&gt; So we we God comes into our life. We repent. We get baptized and we say, "I'm going to serve God. I'm going to be a Christian." Well, at that point, we're not filled with the Holy Ghost. We have to go through a process. It's like a wilderness process to where you go through trials. If we're not faithful in those trials, it is impossible to get the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; He's going to say it. It's impossible. He gives the Holy Ghost to them that obey him. &gt;&gt; And it's through that experience in the wilderness that takes you into the promised land. I'm going to show you this scripturally. Exodus 15 verse 22 22. So Moses brought Israel from the Red Sea and they went out into the wilderness of Shure and they went three days in the wilderness and found no water. This is their first trial. And when they came to Mara, they could not drink of the waters of Mara, for they were bitter. You ever have bitter water or bitter coffee? Therefore, the name of it was called Mara. And the people murmured against Moses. Why? Against Moses, the leadership of God, saying, "What shall we drink?" And he cried unto the Lord. And the Lord showed him a tree which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweet. There he made for them a statue and ordinance. There he proved them. Boy, you could say it like this. That means tested them. He tested them three days. Did they pass the test? They didn't pass the test. Three days after seeing the greatest nation in the world destroyed, they had scars all over their backs from being whipped. I'm sure some of them were still had things going on in their life from being tortured. And now they're they're feeling that God is not with them in their trial. So they murmured. They murmured. That was the the the greatest thing to experience. It wasn't something that happened on the other side of the world. They were part of it. They saw their enemy drown. They got the the afflictions on their body. Just three days in a trial. And they're literally crucifying Moses instead of saying, "God, though the waters are bitter, though this trial is bitter, though this situation is bitter, my God is able to make this situation sweet. &gt;&gt; God is able to take every one of our situations &gt;&gt; and make them sweet." WHEN HE IS CAST INTO THE SITUATION, WHEN he is cast in to your situation, then it becomes sweet. &gt;&gt; But if you leave him out and you're murmuring and complaining, you will not find God. &gt;&gt; Verse 26. And he said, "If thou wil diligently hearken to the voice of the Lord thy God, and will do that which is right in his sight, and will give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians, for I am the Lord that health thee." It It looks pretty pretty clear here. He's saying to his own children, "If you do what I tell you to do, I will bless you. &gt;&gt; If you don't do what I ask you to do, then you're going to get these problems in your life." &gt;&gt; It's that it's it's that simple. That's why, you know, we can we can go through our trials, never see God, never admit God is around, but God is still around. &gt;&gt; And we're still either bringing respect to God or disrespect to God by our attitude of how we view God in the trial. Numbers chapter 14 verse 21. Numbers chapter 14 verse 21. But as truly as I live, all the earth, God is speaking here, shall be filled with the glory of the Lord. Because all those men which seen my glory, my miracles, which I did in Egypt, and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these 10 times, and have not hearkened to my voice, surely they shall not see the promised land, which I swear unto their fathers, Neither shall any of them that provoke me see it. Now notice it wasn't because they they didn't come out of Egypt. They came out of Egypt. It was because they were murmuring and complaining during their trials from the time they got baptized to the time they got FILLED WITH THE HOLY GHOST. They murmured and complained. And during those trials, because they murmured and complained, THEY WEREN'T ALLOWED BY God to go in the promised land. &gt;&gt; THEY WEREN'T ALLOWED TO GO. God said, "No." Now, at the beginning, God said, "I brought them out to take them in." But because they murmured and complained all along, they chided, they complained, they they spoke against the the leadership that God gave them. God said, "Look, I gave you 10 chances." And all 10 chances, you wanted to murmur and complain. I'm making a decision. That's not who I want to live with. That's not who my bride's going to be. I know this is strong, but we've got to we've got to be able to see God in our lives. &gt;&gt; God proved and he tested his people in the wilderness. Verse 24. But um did I read 23? Okay. 24. But my So they weren't Yeah, that's right. I did. So they couldn't see it because they provoked him. But my servant Jacob because or Caleb um sorry because he had another spirit, another spirit. So he must have not murmured and complained. He had another spirit with him. And have followed me fully. In other words, trusted him. him will I bring into the land where unto he went and his seed shall possess it. So God proved and he tested his people in the wilderness and they grumbled. They complained about the hardships. They failed 10 times and they just disobeyed God's word. And because of it, they weren't allowed to go into the promised land. It is important to note that every trial that we go through is an opportunity for the necessity to build character. &gt;&gt; A trial does not build character. Always remember that trials do not build character. What builds character is your decision to do what God wants you to do in that trial. That is what builds character. When we murmur, grumble, complain, or neglect God's word during our trials, we're losing the character we need for a full nature change. And what is God coming for? He's coming for a bride without spot or wrinkle. Who's going in a rapture? Those that are have been perfected. They've taken advantage of the trials that they went through. They got serious about God. They didn't play church. They they didn't just uh sit on the sideline. They just they just weren't waiting. They they literally were very interested in becoming just like Jesus. &gt;&gt; So when we're in our trials, God is looking for us to trust him. &gt;&gt; We don't need to know how God is going to work out the situation. We don't need to be smart. We don't need to figure it out. But what we have to do is don't murmur and complain. Trust him. Because we got we got good examples of what not to do. Trials open the door for real growth to take place. That's what it does. You know, that's why we should count it all joy because without a trials, character can't really be built. You're not going to be able to go to a seminary and learn all about the Bible and say you got character. You can you can get knowledge, but that ain't character. God hates a complainer. All right, we got two amens. &gt;&gt; Two amens. But we're all guilty of complaining, right? &gt;&gt; But we should all be saying amen. &gt;&gt; Paul told Timothy to endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. Paul said, "I endure all things for the elect's sake." In other words, no complaining. Brother Ram said in the message, "Speak to this rock." The children of Israel were were murmuring and chiding. And Brother Ram says, "Why did He's he's he's quoting them?" He says, "Why did you bring us out here? Why do we have to stay here? I'd rather be down in Egypt anytime. Why did we die? Why didn't we just die there? Let Pharaoh kill us. Be better than uh being out there." Brother Brandham says, "If that isn't like the complaints of the church today, so easy they forget the hand of God. So easy they forget it. Listen what taken place. Oh, it's tremendous. Oh, we'd rather die down there. Look at those people had left from eating the onions and the garlics of Egypt. And God had rained bread down out of heaven, angels food, and fed them with it. And they were still complaining. But God give the church angels food, the Holy Spirit, and they're still complaining about something all the time, continuously. So, Brother Ram's just talking about even in today's church that God is here, but yet the church finds something to complain about. They uh left the the garlics to eat angels food and the angels prepared in heaven and rain down on the food that they did eat. And still they were complaining. They left the old money rivers of Nile drinking that old muddy water and was drinking from the spiritual rock of pure salvation and water and was complaining about it. Yes. Always complain because a little hard time struck them. all that just as soon as you have your first trial, come into the meeting, see the Holy Spirit, and go back out and have a tummy ache and say, "Well, maybe I I never got healed." Shame on you. &gt;&gt; Sure, you got healed if you believed it. &gt;&gt; Your feelings has nothing to do with it. It's your faith. If we look at it, that's what God sees is your faith, not your feelings. Jesus never said, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" That's the idea. But they left the boasting physicians of Egypt down there saying, "Oh, we're the doctors uh days of miracles has passed to be with the great physician." And 40 years journey, hundreds and thousands of little babies born and all kinds of sickness and and old people. There wasn't a feeble one among them. Think about that journey they had. He said there were many babies born and and there wasn't a feeble one among them with the one great physician. Brother says, "Hallelujah." He says, "Yet they were complaining &gt;&gt; when the miracles were happening right there among them. They were blind. They were carnal. They had left the place down there where they said the days of miracles were passed there. Um, that's where you left. You left those places that said the days of miracles have passed. They left that in to be where the signs and wonders followed the believer and still were complaining. He said, "Isn't that just like the people today?" &gt;&gt; So, Brother Ram's making it real clear here that complaining is not where God is at. &gt;&gt; We're complaining is you'll not find God. We're complaining is you'll find a wrong spirit. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. 1 Corinthians chapter 10. We're going to take a look at this in the New Testament. 1 Corinthians chapter 10 verse number one. Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should be ignorant. How that all our fathers were under the cloud. All passed through the sea. All were baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea. And all did eat the same spiritual meme. And all drank that same spiritual drink, for they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them. And that rock was Christ. But with many of them God was not well pleased, for they were overthrown where? In the wilderness. For that was from the time they were baptized to the time they got the Holy Ghost. How many times have we seen people come and and they they serve God for a while and they just quit. Something happens. This is such a crucial time to be to to recognize God in your life personally &gt;&gt; because the whole church could go belly up. But if you're in tune with God in the middle of that trial, &gt;&gt; God will use that for your character &gt;&gt; to get you into a rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because that's what it is all about. We're wait, you know, we we we want to make a rapture. Now, here's the thing. If if we die before the rapture, we still want to be bride. &gt;&gt; So, we still want to have the character that we need through our trials. &gt;&gt; All right. Verse six. Now, these things were our examples. Notice, now these things were our examples. This was for us. This happened. Everything in the Old Testament was for us spiritually. to the intent that we should not lust after evil things as they lusted. All right, let's skip down to verse nine. Neither let us tempt Christ as some of them tempted and were destroyed by the serpents. Neither murmur ye as some of them also murmured and were destroyed of the destroyer. Did you notice God did not destroy them? God allowed the enemy to destroy them. That's why, you know, he gives everybody the opportunity, you know, come to heaven. And he says, if you don't want to come to heaven, you choose not to come to heaven to follow me, that's fine. You don't have to. But when they die, there's no choice to be made at that time because they made it on earth. Right? So the the if we want to um you know cater around to certain spirits, um those are the same spirits that will destroy us. You understand what I'm saying? Um, I I don't care any kind of spirit. You you you you baby that thing, all of a sudden it's going to bring you into bondage. It it just it's just the way it is. Verse 11. Now all these things happen unto them for examples, and they are written for us, for our admonition, our attention, our warning, upon whom the ends of the world are come. Wherefore let him that thinkketh he standeth, let him take heed, lest he's the one that falls. In other words, humble yourself in the sight of the Lord. Verse 13, our opening scripture. There have no temptation taken you, but such is common to man. But God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you're able, but will with the temptation also. Also, in other words, he ain't taking the temptation away. He's not taking the try away, but also will make a way of escape that you may be able to bear it. We're overcomers. &gt;&gt; God bore our sins at Calvary. He told us to pick up our cross and bear it for one another. God doesn't want somebody else to fix our problems. My trials are for me. Your trials are for you. It's between you and God. It's to build your character. Now, God may allow uh your trial to affect me and my attitude about that will determine my character. And at at the end, we all want character that that God says, "Yes, I want you to come be my bride. That's what we're looking for. But it will never be a gift. You can never sit in church, hear the word of God, and have character. &gt;&gt; Just just like none of us can say, "I've been through more trials than you." So what? &gt;&gt; So what? If you can overcome trials, that is what means a lot. &gt;&gt; Because that's where character is drawn from is is is overcoming a trial. The way of escape is by trusting and obeying God inside of you. So, you're going through a trial and you got this thing and it's affecting uh your health. It's affecting your finances. It's affecting you mentally uh spiritually. It's affecting friendships. It's affecting uh relationships. It's affecting uh your time management. You got these trials going on and it's affecting you. The answer is inside of you. Hear God speak to you what to do. I don't know what he's going to tell you to do, but he will speak to you and he'll tell you to do something. Now, until he tells you, it's our job to get on our knees and wait on the Lord &gt;&gt; about our trial. &gt;&gt; But he will speak to you and you have to trust him. &gt;&gt; It'll be inside. I believe that with all my heart. Be looking for him to whisper his word to you. Don't look at the problem, but look at the problem solver. God allowed the problem to build your faith. He ain't going to take it away. God allowed the problem to build your character. He ain't going to take it away. We've got to We've got to make sure we don't murmur, don't complain, and look to the problem solver. And that's what the children of Israel didn't do. They just murmured and complained. And Moses, you should, you're just a bad leader. You don't even know how to lead us, right? You lead us to all these problems that we're going through. They murmured and they complained. No, God was with them. Proved it. Their shoes never wore out. They were always fed. They were led by the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud. God was with them, but yet they still complained because trials. Just trials. Don't complain with trials. Let 2026 be the year that we just stop complaining. &gt;&gt; Let it be the year we stop. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because all we're doing is we're we're we're telling God we're not bride. &gt;&gt; We're telling God that we're just we're we're we're we're those that died in the wilderness. That's all we're telling God. Uh I'm we're all going to fall short once in a while, but what we need to have as a heart to put it behind us and to start looking for God in our lives. And it's up to us individually to do that. We can't just fix one another's problems. it. If you think about it, God is the only one that can fix all of our problems. God is the only one. Faith comes from God. When we murmur and we're complaining, we're actually not looking to the problem solver. We're thinking that the problem solver, you know, didn't do his job or something, right? like like the the water's bitter. So, we need the fear of the Lord. We need to say, I I I could be wrong the way I'm looking at I need to I need to be renewed in my mind at the way I'm looking at this situation. &gt;&gt; It's okay that you don't see God. It's okay you don't got the answer to your situation, but it's not okay that you don't believe and you don't trust. You've got to believe and trust God in your situation. &gt;&gt; Philippians chapter 2:12. Philippians 2:12 says, "Wherefore, my beloved, as you have always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence. Work out your own salvation with fear and trement." Now, I want us to try to apply this if we could today, not just to our original salvation, but every time we got a a trial that we're going through to be saved from our trials. For it is God which workketh in you. Notice where the answer is coming from. For it is God which workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. &gt;&gt; Do all things without murmurings and disputings. There it is again. &gt;&gt; You know, we just we just choose a side. You know, it would be better to bite your tongue and bleed &gt;&gt; than to murmur and complain. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Just bite your tongue. Murmur and complain. God will smile upon you. &gt;&gt; When we're in a trial, it is for our good. Remember that. It's for our good. It's for our character. It's for our overcoming victory. And we need to overcome in order to take the final promised land which is what a complete nature change. You know there are too many Christians, believers, they think like this. Well, I'm saved. And that's all they think about. I'm saved. &gt;&gt; I repented. I got baptized. And I got saved last year, two years ago, 20 years ago. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's all they think. I'm saved. &gt;&gt; But they don't think about a nature change. &gt;&gt; And if they do, they're only thinking about the nature that has changed. You understand? &gt;&gt; They're not thinking about what yet has to be changed. &gt;&gt; They're not thinking about what more has to be changed in their life. We know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. Paul said, "Oh, that I might know him more." Job said, "I I won't be satisfied to awake in his likeness." So there's this this yearning to arm yourself with the same mind of Christ and to to become like him, to be able to live for others, to to to to not worry about your reputation and and and to worry about what you want, but to be but to to to think about others and what they need. Think about saving other people. Remember, change is needed for growth. And what does it really take to bring about a positive change in your life? It takes making a different decision in the middle of your trials. Because if you always do what you always done, you're always going to get what you always got. We're all prone to be bothered in a trial. We're just prone to do that. But we got to make a different decision. We just got to stop in our tracks and say, "I don't feel it. I don't feel God. I don't see God. But the word says he's here. I'm going to trust him. I'm going to trust him. I'm going to choose the harder way." Remember what God told Brother Brand, "Because you chose the harder way, a a a huge part of heaven awaits you." And he said the harder way was his way. It was the precise way. And because of this decision, this momentous decision, a huge part of heaven awaits thee. And this will bring to pass this, paraphrasing, this victory in divine love. And I'll tell you, if there's if there's one thing that Brother Brandham said when he got back from the curtain time, he says, "Make sure you lay everything aside until you get perfect love. It's a it's a victory." When you can love everybody, &gt;&gt; I am telling you, you got victory. &gt;&gt; You got victory. But when you have to have things a certain way with some in order to love them, we're our love is short, right? It it's short. Hebrews 11:25 says, "Moses chose rather to suffer." Notice the word chose. Moses Moses chose rather to suffer affliction with the people of God. How many times you've been in a trial and you made this decision? I am choosing to suffer with this person. I'm I I am choosing to suffer with my brother. I'm choosing to suffer with my sister. I'm choosing to suffer with my husband. I'm choosing to suffer with my wife, my children, my mom, my dad. I'm choosing to suffer with them. No, our our human nature is I'm getting out of here. This is, you know, you handle it. &gt;&gt; But Moses chose to suffer willingly. Paul said, "Yay, doubtless I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and do count them but dung, that I might win Christ." We have to be willing to give up in order to receive. We don't got time, but you can write this down. Paul comparing his ministry with other ministers in 2 Corinthians 11:es 23-30. And he talked about all the things that he had to suffer through for one reason, for the elect's sake. He did it that other people could be saved. the shipwrecks, the the beatings. He could have just he could have fought back and, you know, called him every name in the book and made him, you know, whip another 39 times and then revile back and basically died by rebelling. But he did it that he could get as many people saved as possible. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And when you're going through a trial, people are watching your life. &gt;&gt; They're they're they're watching how you're going to react. That I I they and you have an opportunity to let them see that you believe in a God that's able, &gt;&gt; that a God is faithful. The word says God is faithful. He would not he would not tempt you above that you are able. Of course, the devil wants to get us to a place where we don't trust God and we feel, but God is faithful. Paul said in 2 Corinthians 12:10, "Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities and reproaches and necessities and persecutions and distresses for Christ's sake, for when I'm weak, that I'm strong." He actually took pleasure in his trials. Wow. This is a this is a different breed. Right? This is a different breed. &gt;&gt; But in this, we're going to see God. We're going to see God. I just want, you know, 2026 to be different. &gt;&gt; This is this is a good different. This is a really good different. 2 Corinthians 4:7. I want to go through these scriptures. I should have told you I had some hay as brother John Lefonte would say on my pitchfork. Not my pitchfork. He didn't say pitchfork. Did he say pitchfork? It was just on his on his lot of hate hole or however he said that. All right. 2 Corinthians 4:7 says, "But we," think about this. He's talking about taking pleasure in infirmities. Now he says, "But we have this treasure in earthn vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us." So he's talking about something that's inside of him. A treasure that's inside. Well, that was God, right? And he says, "For we are troubled on every side yet not distressed." We're we're perplexed. Why is this thing happening? But not in despair. We're persecuted by sometimes our own family, but we're not forsaken. We're cast down, but we're not destroyed. What's going on in our lives? Always bearing about in in the body, our bodies, the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. See, there's two things happening. If we're willing to die, then Christ can be manifested. For we which live are always delivered unto the death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal body. That's recognizing God in your trial, my friend. So then death workketh in us, but life in you. Now notice a lot of the trials that we go through, they're just not a lot of times they're just not between you and and God. God usually involves other people. Somehow somebody's under gets under your skin. Something happens. Something they, you know, if you wouldn't have done this, this would have been better. You know what I'm trying to say? So, but God wants you to be Christ to that person even though you feel they don't deserve it because in all honesty, none of us deserve Christ going to Calvary for us. &gt;&gt; But God just wants to manifest Calvary again to another person. &gt;&gt; That God died for them. It's the goodness of God that leads man to repentance, is it not? &gt;&gt; All right. Psalms 95. We're not going to be able to get through everything, but we do want to take a couple couple minutes. Psalms 95 verse1. Now, it's up to us. We're this whole message is about us when we go through our trials, how we want to stand in 2026. Oh, come, let us sing unto the Lord. Let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation. Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms. For the Lord is a great God, and a great king above all gods. In his hand are the deep places of the earth, the strength of the hills. In his also the sea is his, and he had made it, and his hands have formed the dry land. Oh, come let us worship and bow down. Let us kneel before the Lord our maker for he is our God and we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand today. Today today if you will hear his voice. Harden not your heart in your trial as in the provocation as in the day of temptation in the wilderness when your fathers tempted me and proved me and saw my works. Now God is wanting us to see the distinct difference between the children of Israel and us because he's talking about us now. And you can you can read this in in Hebrews the same way. 40 years long was I agreed with this generation and said it is a people that do heir. Notice where the heir is happening in their heart. for they have not known my ways. And that's why he said when you're going through a trial, the way of escape is in your heart. That is where you're going to hear God speak to you if you uh harden not your heart because God's speaking. He's showing you the way of say. He's showing you how to act. He's showing you what attitude to have. He's showing you this is where you trust God is in your heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; Unto whom I swear in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest. And Paul picks this up in Hebrews 3:12. He says, "Take heed, therefore, brethren, lest there be in any of you an evil heart of unbelief and departing from the living God." Notice when you're in a trial and you trust God, you're actually believing in a living God. But when you step back and you murmur and you complain, you're like the children of Israel who just came through the Red Sea, was just delivered, dancing for a time, but then you go through a trial. You're murmuring, and you're complaining because you do not see the living God. So, it isn't that you're not believing in God. It's you don't believe he's living in your situation. You don't believe he's living in your trial. &gt;&gt; And you kind of depart from that that trial. Uh you you depart from having faith in God in that trial to stepping out and just murmuring and complaining about the trial. So you're departing from a living God to to talk about well where is God &gt;&gt; you know brother preach that miracle or that that that's you know if God be with us where's all the miracles and sometimes we can have that that attitude that I I don't see God so God must not be here. No you must believe that God is here. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So he says in verse 13 but exhort one another daily. &gt;&gt; Amen. While it is called today, lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin, for you are made partakers of Christ or the promised land or the nature change if we hold the beginning of our confidence steadfast until the end. &gt;&gt; How beautiful God wants us to hold on to the end. To believe to the end. You know, I'd rather believe in God and not see what I want to see than to to tempt him and murmur and complain because I'm not seeing him. We're we're believers, right? We're we're we're church of believers. I just want to read this one quote and then we're going to we'll close. It's a few minutes after 9. Brother Brandham said in the United Time and Sign, he says, "I think one of the horrible things is to see a man or a woman that's constantly complaining." He says, "I've always thought, God, keep me from it." See, he said, now this is I want to read this to you. He said that weakens faith all the time. You know, wow, I never read that before. Complaining weakens your faith. Well, Brother Brandham said if you come up and you ask for prayer all the time, that weakens your faith. But so does complaining. It weakens your faith. So we all come to church. The Bible says faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And we come in the church, God, I want to hear your word. I want my faith to be increased. I want to be stronger in the faith. I want to be able to pray for people. I want to see things happen. I want to be a a a woman of faith, a man of faith, a a child of God of faith. And so, we work real hard at building ourselves up in the most holy faith. and then we'll let some trial come along and easily get us to complain and and don't realize it weakens our faith when it's happening. What a trick of the devil. He says, "But I think one of the most horrible things is is for Satan to crown some person's life, a crabby old man or an old woman." You see, I hope, brother says, I hope I don't get to that place. Says, I hope that I can bear it. Bear what? He said, "My burdens and get to a spot where I want my life crowned with the glory of God, which is his long suffering, his gentleness, his peace, his meekness, filled with the Holy Spirit." I love that. I hope I never get to that place either. I want to be crowned with the glory of God, too. Don't you? Let's stand together. God bless you. &gt;&gt; God is faithful. &gt;&gt; He will make a way of escape. Just to know that we can go through a trial and know everything's going to be okay. There's scriptures in the Bible that all things work together for the good to them that love the Lord called according to his purpose. You think about it when trials come in our life. I know flat tires, car accidents, I don't care hitting a deer, I don't care what the act even our health when trials come in our life, this shoulder thing happening, your prostate, all these things that happen to us, we think, why did this happen? This has slowed this has slowed us down from progressing and doing our business and doing what we want to do. Why is this happen? This is how we think with our trials &gt;&gt; and God says I am just interested in your character &gt;&gt; and and and I I think the quicker we can get to the place of I trust you Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm going to trust you. Maybe that the maybe we'll get a little relief in those trials a little bit sometimes. &gt;&gt; I I think God wants to bless us that way. Don't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know the Lord will make a way for me. If I live a holy life, shun the wrong and do the right. I know the Lord will make a way for me. I know the Lord has laid his hand on me. I know the Lord has laid his hands on me. I know the Lord has laid his hands on me. If I live a holy life, shun the wrong and do the right. I know the Lord make a way for me. I know the Lord is coming back for me. High standard. I know the Lord is coming back for me. If I spend my life in prayer, I will meet him in the air. I know the Lord is coming back for me. Learning to lean. I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Gaining more power than I've ever seen. I'm learning to lean on G right in our trials. Oh, learning to lean. I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. gaining more power than I've ever seen. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Amen. I'm so glad that he's encouraging us to lean upon him. Amen. Depend upon him. Amen. Let's sing. Let go and let God have his way. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. Your sorrows will vanish. Your night turn to day. Let go and let God have his way. Let go. And you will have his way. One more time. Let go and let God have his wonderful way. Let go and let God have his way. Your sorrows will vanish. Your night turn day. Let go and let God have his way. Amen. Let's sing in the presence of Jehovah. Now, I want I I know we can we usually think about that right now, right in the church when we're singing it, but I want us to stretch out a little bit. Next time you're going through a a trial, I want you to think about getting in the presence of God, believing that he's there. He's making a way. Because in the presence of Jehovah, troubles vanish. Amen. Hearts are mended. Amen. in the presence of Jehovah God Almighty. Prince of peace, trles, hearts are mened in the presence of the king. In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, trles vanish, hearts are mened. in the
