################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - 2025-04-09 Bro Wendall Martin "The Church Age Book #38 - Elijah Before The Coming Of The Lord" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   2025-04-09 Bro Wendall Martin "The Church Age Book #38 - Elijah Before The Coming Of The Lord"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-phCFyStWDU
========================================

Jesus washed all my sins away. Oh happy [Music] day. Oh happy [Music] day since Jesus washed. Since Jesus washed. Since Jesus washed all my sins away. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. He taught me how to watch. Oh fight and pray. Tide and pray and live rejoicing and live [Music] rejoice every [Music] day. Oh every day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh my. Oh happy day when Jesus washed when Jesus wash. When Jesus wash all my sins away. Every promise in the book is mine. [Music] every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Once again now. Oh, every promise in the book is my every chapter. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every pro. If you believe it tonight, tell someone about it. Every promise, oh, every promise in the book, it is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every line. Oh, I am trusting in his love divine. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. For Jesus said it, for Jesus said it, I believe it. His word cannot lie. It is written in the Bible. I'll believe until I die. Though the mountains be removed, cast into the sea. God's word will live forever throughout. For Jesus said it, for Jesus said it, I believe [Music] it. Oh, it is written in the Bible. I believe it's still the mountains be removed and cast into the sea. God's word will live forever. For every promise, for every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, and every line. For I have trusted in his love divine. For every promise in the book is mine. Well, I came in this evening. I did not have a doubt. I just knew that the Lord would bring me out. Oh, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting, "Victory." Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. Thank God it's mine. For I told Satan to get thee behind for victory today. Yeah. Deliverance is mine. Oh, deliverance is mine. Deliverance is mine. Deliverance today it is mine. For I told Satan to get thee behind for deliverance. Can we sing that verse again? Is mine. Oh well. I woke up this morning. I did not have a doubt. I just knew that the Lord would bring me out. Oh. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, won't you help me, please?" And I got up singing and shouting, "Victory." Oh, now victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, it is. Oh, victory today. It is mine. For I to do what? to get to be the hot for victory today is mine. [Music] Amen. Oh, the sun's come up. It's a new day, darling. It's time to sing your song again. And whatever may pass and whatever lies before me, let me be singing when the evening comes. Thank you, Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. Worship his holy name. Yes. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. You're rich in love and you're rich. Yes, he is. And he's slow to way. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep. Thank you, Lord. How about it tonight? 10,000 reasons for my heart. Can you just lift a hand and sing it from your heart? Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. He's worthy of it tonight. Worship his holy name. His holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I will worship his holy name. as they continue to play that softly. Like to go to prayer tonight. I'm going ask brother Ken if you would mind leading us in prayer. We do have many requests here tonight. One from sister Tracy says, "Please remember my sister Brenda and Sister Karen. Both are having problems with one of their knees and the pain is bad." So let's bind together for Sister Tracy's family. Also, sister Angie Bindabout is not feeling well tonight. So, let's remember her and and for all the ones that are traveling to the wedding tonight and today, let's just remember them. Also, one from Sister Carol says, "My granddaughter Carlina or my daughter Carlina, right? I'm sorry. She's got CO." So, let's remember her. Then she says, "My granddaughters." And then my good friend Donna for the Lord to intervene. Also, let's continue to remember brother Harry as he's looking for a job and transition right now. I know the Lord's give him can give him the right job tonight. Amen. Also, I had a a uh report from brother John Scott. He said the surgery went great. Doctor said it went very smoothly. Now, we're praying for good healing power for her as well. She is at home resting. We had a She had surgery. You know when it was exactly? We've been praying for her for the last few weeks. Yeah. Right after our camp. So, let's remember all these needs. And if you have a need upon your heart, just make it known by the lift of your hand. God bless you now. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, you're worthy of all praise. Father, you're the healer, Lord. And we have needs here tonight, Lord. I don't remember them all, but I know that Sister Tracy and Sister Carol and and they they have friends and loved ones, Lord, that need a touch from you, Lord. And and the one that needs traveling mercies, Lord, travel with them. Travel with each and every one of the believers out there, Lord. Keep them safe. And help Brother Harry, Lord. I know the feeling. I've been there many a time, Lord. He needs a job. He's got a big family and he needs he needs you to provide, Lord. And we know that you are the provider. You said you would and we believe it. We're trusting on you, Lord. We ask, Lord, that you'd speak through our minister tonight, Lord. Give him the right words. Let it be from you, Lord. Just be with him, Lord, and be with this service, Lord. Let your Holy Spirit just hoover over us, Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we commit this service to you. Amen. Amen. As we get ready for the man of God, can we sing this? I'm a pilgrim and a stranger or wandering through this world of sin. I board my [Music] way. Go marching in. When the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Will the saints go marching in? Verse two now. Oh, I know I'll see my Savior. For if my life is free from sin, heaven's doors will open for me. Will the saints chin in? Oh, will the saint go marching in with the saint? [Music] [Music] [Music] Get it back on. Sorry. Amen. And uh but we're so we're so thankful for the grace of God upon our lives and and um Amen. It won't be too much longer and it will be time to go. Amen. And so u we're so so excited about that. And friends, this is not a myth. Uh this is this is very very real. And um we want to prepare for the coming of the Lord. Amen. because um uh there will be a time when there will be a roll call and and we'll answer amen to that roll call and I I want to make sure that my name is there. Amen. Amen. Well, let's let's look here in in um we're we're going to read in in Malachi the 4th chapter and um uh and then we will uh uh start at then we're going to be on page 324 in the new in the red books. It'll be um page 369. And um now the last time it's it's been um oh my goodness it's it's it's been a few weeks since since our since we started uh the Leoysan age. And so the last time we were on we we dealt a little bit with the messenger. And so um I want to deal again this evening u uh with the messenger. And um uh but let's let's look here at Malachi 4 and 1. This is a prophecy concerning today. For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, and yay, all that do wickedly shall be stubble, and the day that cometh shall burn them up, sayaeth the Lord, that it shall neither uh it shall leave them neither root nor branch. Now, that's that's coming of the fire that's that holy fire that's going to be cleansing the earth. But unto you that fear my name, shall shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and ye shall go forth and grow up as calves in the stall. So, right before this happens, the sen of God is going to come, and he's fixing to tell us how this son of righteousness is going to come with healing in his wings. It's going to come through Elijah the prophet. So, while the world is preparing to burn, there's going to be a group of people that God is going to prepare to miss the destruction and to be ready for a rapture. And it says, "And you," somebody say, "meou shall tread down the wicked, for they shall be ashes under the souls of your feet in the day that I shall do this, sayaeth the Lord." So, here's coming the burning. Amen. But God's going to come and prepare you. He's going to take you out into safety. And then we are coming back upon the earth after it has all been burnt and all the evil's been burnt off. And we are going to walk out on the ashes of the wicked. Amen. And remember uh uh remember ye the law of Moses my servant which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel with the statutes and judgments. Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Now what is this great and dreadful day of the Lord? It's the day of judgment. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Now, brother, there there's there there's two things that's happening. Judgment is happening, and then there is safety that God is providing for us. And we're living in that day right now. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we want to thank you today for your goodness and your amazing love to us. We ask Lord that you would Lord that you would open the eyes of our understanding tonight Lord even more and that we would appreciate what you have given us and what you have done for us. I pray Lord that your anointing would be here in a real special way that you would help the uh all of our spiritual ears Lord those that are traveling today I ask that you would be with them. Ask Lord that you would you would just uh strengthen all of your saints Lord in our congregation. We love you Lord. Have preeminence tonight in Jesus name we pray. Can the church say amen? Amen. God bless you. You may be seated here this evening. Amen. So we um so we're on on page uh 324 and um and I'm not going to read uh just a a very lengthy passage, but let's let's start here down here at the u the second down at the last paragraph. It says, "So we see a seventh age messenger coming and he is a prophet." Not only do we see this messenger coming here in Revelations 10:7, but we find that the word speaks of Elijah coming before Jesus returns in Matthew 17:10. His disciples asked him, saying, "Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?" And Jesus said, "Elias truly shall first come and restore all things." But before our Lord Jesus or before the coming of our Lord Elijah must come back for a work of restoration in the church. This is what uh Malachi 45 and six says. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. There is absolutely no doubt that Elijah must return before the coming of Jesus. He has a specific work to accomplish. That work is the part of Malachi 4:6 that says he will turn the hearts of the children to their fathers. The reason we know this is his specific work uh that we know this is his specific work to do at that time is because he has already accomplished the part that says he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children when the Elijah ministry was here in John the Baptist u Luke 1:17 and he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elijah to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. In the ministry of John, the hearts of the father were fathers were turned to the children. We know that because Jesus said so. But it does not say that the hearts of the children were turned to the fathers. That is yet to take place. The hearts of the last day children will be turned back to the Pentecostal fathers. John got the fathers ready for Jesus to welcome the children into the fold. Now this prophet upon whom the spirit of Elijah falls will prepare the children to welcome back Jesus. Jesus called John the Baptist Elijah. Matthew 12 or 17:12. But I say unto you, Elijah is come already, and ye they knew him not, but I've done unto him whatsoever they listed. The reason that he called John Elijah was because the same spirit that was upon Elijah had come back upon John. Even as that same as that spirit had come back upon Elisha after the reign of King Ahab. Now once again that spirit will come back upon another man just before Jesus comes. He will be a prophet. He will be vindicated as such by God. Since Jesus himself in the flesh won't be here to vindicate him as he did John. It will be done by the Holy Spirit so that this prophet's ministry will be attended by great and wonderful manifestations. As a prophet, every revelation will be vindicated. For every revelation will come to pass. Wonderful acts of power will be performed at his commands in faith. Then will be brought forth the message that God had given him in the word to turn the people back to truth and the true power of God. Some will listen, but the majority will run true to form and rejecting. Since this prophet messenger of Revelations 10:7 will be the same as Malachi 45 and 6, he will naturally uh be like Elijah and John. Both men uh both were men set apart from the religious accept uh the accepted religious schools of their day. Both were men of the wilderness. Both acted only when they have thus sayaith the Lord. straight from God by revelation. Both lashed out against religious orders and leaders of their day. But not only was that so, they lashed out against all who were corrupt and who corrupt others. Notice both prophesied much against immoral women and their ways. Elijah cried against Jezebel. John rebuked Herodius, Philip's wife. Though he will not be popular, he will be vindicated by God. As God authenticated John and the Holy Ghost authenticated Jesus, we can well expect this man will be first of all authenticated by the spirit working in his life in acts of power that are undisputable and found nowhere else. Jesus himself in returning will authenticate him even as he is as he authenticated John. John witnessed that Jesus was coming and so will this man. Like John witness that Jesus is coming and the very return of Christ will prove that this man indeed was the forerunner of his second coming. This is the final evidence that this indeed is the prophet of Malachi 4. for the end of the gentile period will be Jesus himself appearing. Then it will be too late for those who have rejected him. Now, I want us to um ju just stop here for for a little bit and and I want us to I I want to talk about the messenger uh a little bit further as um um and we and I want to just title this on this church age reading tonight, the um Elijah before the day of the Lord. And um because uh we we uh we must understand the reason that God would send us an Elijah. Now, as we just read there in Malachi 4, Amen. before the day cometh. So I I I want to I I want to talk about that day that is coming, the day of the Lord. and and the the two uh allimp important questions have been what is the day of the Lord and when is the day of the Lord? Well, the day of the Lord is a is a specific time in history. It's going to be amen a time as as Revelations 11 and 15 says, "Amen. uh the kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of of our God and uh of our Lord and of his Christ and he shall reign uh uh forever and ever. This so this is going to be the time that Jesus comes and takes over. He will be the king. He's not going to be a president. He's not going to be elected. Amen. He will be the king of of the earth. Amen. And I I I want to say also when he become he will also become the judge. Amen. And so today Jesus is the intercessor. He is there to forgive our sins. He is there when we when we pray and ask forgiveness. He is he is faithful to forgive us of our sins. He is compassionate. He is giving us his word and telling us, listen, man, that you you're you're you're you've got too much of that of of the world and sin and the mud of this world on you. Take take my take my blood. Wash wash your garments. I I'm coming after a a people that is pure and honest. Amen. Purify your hearts. Purify your minds. Purify your deeds. But when the day of the Lord comes, he is no longer intercessor. You will never be able to come back and say, "I'm sorry. Well, Lord, I got it wrong. Let let me let me let me go back and redo this. You you've you you I I've I've played around and I played around and you've been merciful and you've been patient and you've been kind, but on that day, he's judge." And the scripture says as we as we read when we started the church ages, his eyes will be a fire, his feet like brass. There there will be no other recourse. There will be no one else to talk to. You can't say, "Well, is there uh can can we uh uh can we appeal this to a higher court?" He is the higher court. The judge will stand there and say, "Either you have have been sincere with me, sincere, and taking my my blood, taking my word to heart." Amen. Or or you've just been playing. You You've been playing around. And and and I want to say, friends, I I don't want to be playing around. I I don't want to I I don't want to get there on that day and say, "Man, I didn't know. I I didn't I I didn't I didn't realize, Amen. that that you were this serious. So God sends us an Elijah. He sends a prophet. And that prophet when you listen to those words, when you listen to any tape from Malachi 4, when you listen and that's the reason I say you ought to be pressing play on a daily basis because when you listen to the prophet that God sent in our day, you'll have an understanding that his heart is, guys, you've got to be ready. The coming of the Lord is coming. The day of the Lord is at hand. And I don't want any of you to show up and say, "Well, I I didn't know." Because on that day, he will be judge. There will be no way that you can stand there and say, "Hey, hey, can I can I can I I know you're merciful." Not that day. Will you be I I know you're patient. Not on that day. His patience will run out. his mercy will run out. And if you have been playing with God and when you come to the day of the Lord, you're under judgment there. There is no recourse. Can you say amen? And so it and it doesn't matter. It doesn't it doesn't matter what the preacher says. It doesn't matter what mama says, what daddy says. You might have been hiding underneath mama's shirt tail or or uh you know uh coattail or or daddy or whatever. It does not matter on that day. You must be ready. And God says, "Before this earth burns up and before I pronounce judgment, I'm going to send Elijah and he's going to take your hearts and he's going to turn you back to the Bible and my blood is going to be real and my power is going to be all ever present to help you. Because the day is coming when you've got to and there will be no more eyes of compassion. There'll be no more high priest. There will be no more intercessor. Amen. So I say today, Amen. Don't play around with God. Can I hear an amen? Don't play around with God. The scripture says on that day, Revelations 22 and 11, it says, "He that is unjust, let him be unjust steal. He that is filthy, let him be filthy steal. And he that is righteous, let him be righteous steal. And he that is holy, let him be holy steal." Amen. And so I'm And that is that's Revelations 22:11. If you want to mark that in your Bibles, that's a good scripture. Amen. Now, amen. So, now, so number number one, Amen. It's the time where the kingdoms of this world will become the kingdoms of our Lord. Number two, the intercessor of the ages will become the judge. Number three, on the day of the Lord, all the nations will be gathered before him. Amen. and rewards and punishment will be pronounced. And he will divide the Amen the elect and and and he will divide the the uh those that have been uh uh good and those who have been evil and Amen. And so that that day is coming. And I want to say the word of the Lord is current. God has never been a Jesus of yesterday. He's Amen. He's very real. and he's current in every age and and every age has been foretold what would take place as we have looked here in in in this uh church age book. Amen. And and at the end of of each age, he's pronounced a blessing and and he is uh uh pronounced and he said uh blessed is he who hath an ear to hear what the spirit sth unto the church. Can you say amen? Amen. But there was also a curse that was given to each who refused the leadership of the spirit given to each age. So God's dealing on a personal level in each one of these ages. He pronounces a curse to those who refuse. He pronounces a blessing to those who who accept. Amen. And I want and then he says, "He that hath an ear," he said it in every church age. He that have an ear to hear what the spirit saith to the church, let him hear. Can you say, "Aren't you glad for that?" And I just want to say, it's the elect who has the ear to hear, to hear the spirit, and to wash their garments. Because if you don't have an ear to hear, you'll always use excuses. You'll always point to say, "Well, but you but look what you're doing. Look what this one's doing. Look what that one's doing. Look what this one's doing." On that day, it's just you and God. On that day there there won't be no preacher. There won't be no mama. There won't be brother Brandham. There won't be an intercessor. There will not be a high priest on that day. It will be judgment. So let us make sure that we are ready. Can you say amen? Now as we as we talk just just real quickly uh uh and and and just go back just just just for a moment. Remember, there was the seven spirits of God before the throne. And each one of those spirits didn't mean there were seven gods. It meant that God had a specific purpose for each one of those ages. Amen. And he come with a specific message to each one of those ages. The message to this last age was prepare. I'm coming. Hallelujah. And you don't you don't get any better than that. prepare. I'm coming. I'm coming. So, amen. We we and and and and and I and I must say also that that the elect of each one of those ages were anointed to live the word of that age. And so, if the word to this age is prepare for I'm coming, there is an anointing for you to prepare and be ready for him to come. There is. So, so it's not it's not uh it's not something where you're that there is a a carrot uh uh in front of the cart and you never reach it. If the anointing of the age is declaring us to get ready, Amen. And how do we make our garments right? The scripture says he we he we uh he washes us with the washing of the water by the word. So the prophet comes in this day, opens the word up and says, "This is what you need to be looking at." Why? So that you can wash your heart, wash your mind, wash every Get ready for he is coming. And I want to say, we're not going to stand We're not going to stand uh uh defiled before God. We're not going to stand sinners before God because the elect is going to take things seriously. They're going to take this word seriously. Amen. They're not going to be playing around and up and down, in and out and all. No, no, no, no, no. They are walking very softly before God. And they're taking advantage of his mercy, his patience, his love, and his word. And they're washing attitudes. They're washing their mind. They're washing their sins. They're putting everything off because we know he is coming. Praise the Lord. Now, as we as we talk, I want us to really look because the scripture says that deception would be really strong in this age. Matthew 24 and 24. Uh, and and I will turn there. I I uh since we're not looking at on the on the board tonight, let's let's just turn there. We'll we'll take a few minutes. um Matthew 24 and um let's see here the tw you you've read it many of times but I want you to see it. Matthew 24:24 it says there shall arise false Christs and false prophets and shall show great signs and wonders. Now, is that not is that not what we are what we see here in in in the Pentecostal world today among all these charismatics? They all work miracles, signs, wanders. They're all doing uh uh uh it it it'll make your heart think, what's the difference? What's the difference? It it'll make you think, well, I mean, everyone's praying, everyone's crying, everyone's prophesying, everyone's doing miracles. But watch, the Bible says it would be so close they would do signs and wonders and so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. So it is going to be in such a manner that the very elect of God would would actually amen be deceived. If God did not plant his seed on the inside of you, it would be such a day that you would you would be deceived. But I'm so glad and again when God's going to fortify his people, he will always send a prophet. In that day he will send a prophet so that there would be no reason, no room to be deceived. Friends, do not be willfully deceived. Can you say amen? Now, Revelations 3:14, it it it talks about that, you know, that that that Leot in church age. He says, "I know thy works. Thou art neither cold nor hot." Amen. I would that you were cold or hot, but because you're lukewarm and and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. You say I'm rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing. Knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that you may be rich and white raignment that you might put your that you might be clothed that the shame of thy nakedness does not appear. So it shows that we were all naked. We were all in this thing. But the Holy Spirit come to the elect and saying, "Why don't you won't you buy some Isa for your eyes and buy some gold from me? And I've got I've got a white garment for you. The rapture's coming and I want you to be ready." Amen. And then he then he goes on down and and and it says, um, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen and be zealous, therefore, and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. And if any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come to him. Him that overcomemeth, I will grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcome, and I'm set down with my father in his throne. And he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the churches. Now, that's that's that's the age of deception. Amen. So, it's it's that that's that's that that's pretty rough. But also in the last days, let's turn here. Uh let let's turn to Ephesians 5 and 26. Oh man. And um I love it when you kiddos bring your your Bibles. If you're coming to church, you should have a Bible because we're talking about Jesus. And um uh Ephesians 5 and 26. It says that he might sanctify and cleanse it. Are you there? All right. I can wait a little bit uh further if y'all are still turning. Um okay. That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word. Why? So that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. now deceived. And then we've got this one that's going to be pure. How are we going to do it? It's going to take an Elijah to turn our hearts back to the only thing that can wash us, the word. Well, glory to God. And if there's ever any devil that says, "Well, I'm okay. I you know I don't do this anymore and I don't that you you you kick that devil out because it is a devil. We are to wash. Somebody say wash me Lord wash my mind wash my heart and wash my body. Wash me all I'm body, soul, and spirit. Wash me with your precious blood. And it was the bloody bleeding word that died for you at Calvary. Amen. Can you say amen? Now, so I I so I want to I I got to hurry along here. But now I want I I So we've got two things that there in in in uh in in in Malachi 4, the destruction judgment, and then there is a prophet that is going to come and prepare a people before the coming of that great dreadful day. Now, it's interesting because um the world is all is their attitude is that we're all going to heaven. The world's attitude is that that we are um you know that that we are um uh Elvis is going to raise from the dead and and uh and and and and uh you know all of these others are going to raise from the dead and we're all going to see him you know and and and then u all of the other movie stars and we we'll meet in Hollywood and we'll all meet together and and then we'll all go we we'll all go on a rapture together. But that's that's not see the day of the Lord is a day of what? Judgment. Everyone say the day of the Lord is a day of judgment. We are preparing to miss the judgment because we are taking his word and judging ourselves right now. Can you say amen? Okay. Let's let let me um um let let's see here. I I can tell right now I've got too much in here, man. Well, there's there in in second Peter 3 and3. Um we can we can look at that. I think that's good scripture to bring in here tonight. Praise the Lord. Do you love him? Now, this is this is actually talking about our day and the attitudes because people say, "Well, you know, you know, I had this I had this old lady tell me one time I was telling her the coming of the Lord is soon and she was she I don't know, she was she was like 80. She says, "Son, they were saying that in World War I, and they were saying that at World War II, and they've been saying that they every every crisis the world comes into, they're saying that." And she says, "You know, when he comes, he comes." And I said, "Well, aren't aren't you aren't you preparing?" He says, she goes, "I I just really believe that we've got a little ways to go." And um well this was back in this was pro yeah this was back probably 15 years ago and uh she's died since then and and I hope that she was ready. Amen. Ready to go. But let's let's let's look here at at 1 Peter 3 and 3. Knowing this first that there shall come in the last days scoffers walking in their own lust. Where is the and saying where is the promise of his coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation. For this they willingly are ignorant of that by the word of the Lord, the word of God, the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water. Whereby the world that was then being overflowed with water perished. But the heavens and earth, which are now by the same word, are kept in store and reserved under fire against the day of judgment. Fire. Remember, the whole earth is going to burn with fire and the elect is going to walk out on the ashes. Now watch it says reserved unto the against the day of judgment fire against and predition of ungodly men. But beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years and a thousand years is one day. The Lord is not slack concerning his promise as some count slackness. But watch why why why have we been waiting so long since since since the Malachi 4 has come. It tells us right here, but is longsuffering toward us, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. But the day of the Lord, everyone say, the day of the Lord, will come as a thief in the night, in which the heavens shall pass away with great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, and the earth also, and the works that are therein shall be burned up. Sing then that all these things shall be dissolved. What manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness? Can you say amen? Now, here's here's another scripture and and I'm not you I'm not going to wait for you to turn to this one, but Isaiah u 5 and 19. It talks about it talks about him said, "Hey, where is God?" But it says they say, "Let him make speed and hasten his work that we may see it. Let the counsel of the holy one of Israel draw nigh and come that we may know it. Woe unto them that call evil good and good evil. That put darkness for light and light for darkness. That put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. So the scripture is saying there's going to be a group that's going to say, "Come on, where's he at? Where's he at? Hey, do something. We're all doing this. God's not God's not striking me dead. God's not doing anything to me. My My attitude hasn't He ain't done nothing to me. Amen. Judgment is coming. Don't let that deceiving spirit even come close to the mind of God's elect. Can you say amen? So, so let's let's look here and see. Um, let let's let's look here in in Amos 5. And let's just look at this here for and I will let you turn there. Amos 5. Amen. Everyone doing all right here this evening? Praise the Lord. So, Amos is right after Joel. Amos 5. And we're going to start at the 16th verse. And uh let's see what is um another. So it's like hos Hosea, Joel, Amos. Y'all find that. Amen. All right. Amos can some of these Old Testament uh scriptures can be hard to find it. Hey, I've been I've been reading the Bible for a long time and it's hard for me to find some of these scriptures. Praise the Lord. Um, okay. Let's let's look here at at um five and you know uh let's let's let's let's look at the 18th verse. Woe unto you that desire the day of the Lord. To what end is it for you? Now, now this is so perfect. It's so perfect for today because everyone's saying, "I can't wait. Jesus is coming. Oh, we're about ready. He's coming. He's coming. The whole world. I mean, I don't care who you are. Everyone's ready to go." He says, "The day of the Lord is darkness and not light. As if a man did flee from a lion and a bear met him or went into the house and leaned his hand on the wall and a serpent bit him. Shall not the day of the Lord be darkness and not light? Even very dark and no brightness in it. Let's look at Zephaniah real uh uh real quickly. Amen. Uh Zephaniah, if you just go one over three more books back towards the New Testament and then um you will be there at at Zephaniah 1 and 14. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It says, "The great day of the Lord is near. It is near and hasteth greatly." And I say, "It is very near. Even the voice of the day of the Lord, the mighty man shall cry there bitterly." That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of wastess and desolation, a day of darkness and glooiness, a day of clouds and thick darkness, a day of the trumpet and alarm against the fence cities against the high towers. I will bring distress upon men, and they shall walk like blind men, because they have sinned against the Lord, and their blood shall be poured out as dust, and their flesh as the dung. Neither uh neither their silver nor gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the Lord's wrath. But the whole land shall be devaly, for he shall make even a speedy riddenance. Can you say amen? All right, let's look at one other place. Amen. Let's look here at Zechariah 14. And I think I think this here is is is a u is a good one. And this just two more books toward the New Testament. Zechariah the 14th chapter and the first verse. Praise the Lord. And we're going to be able to see this even taking place right now because uh with Israel, it's it's it's going to it's it's it'll show us how close we are. Behold, the day of the Lord cometh. Thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee, and I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle, and the city will be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished, and half of the city shall go into captivity, and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city. So, you know what that's telling us? though it looks like Israel's fighting this big great bag big battle and she's winning. That tells us that Israel's got some very dark times coming. Got some very dark times coming. That hasn't came yet. This is going to happen in the day of the Lord. They're preparing right now. The world is is is turning against Israel. All of this anti-intiment against Israel. You hear me? Now watch watch how close this is. You let's let's let's just look here. Amen. Because there's also some good things here in the scripture. Let's go on to the third verse. Then shall the Lord go forth and fight against those nations as when he fought in the day of battle. and his feet shall stand in that day upon Mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east. And the Mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east, and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley, and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south. And ye shall flee to the valley of the mountains, for the valley of the mountains shall read unto Azou. Yay, ye shall flee like as ye fled before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah, the king of Judah. And the Lord my God shall come and all the saints with thee. And it shall come to pass in that day that the light shall be shall not be clear nor dark. Amen. Lukewarm. But it shall be one day which shall be known with the Lord. Not day nor night, but it shall come to pass in the evening time it shall be light. Right about that time a prophet messenger is coming to get you out of here. Get you caught up. Amen. Then the world is going to go through a tribulation time like never before. Hallelujah. But then you and I are coming back with the Lord Jesus and we're going to fight against those devils. Now watch. Amen. And it shall come to pass, the living water shall go out of Jerusalem, half toward the former sea, half toward the hinder sea. Amen. In the summer, in the winter it shall be, and the Lord shall be king over all the earth. In that day there shall be one Lord and his name one. Can you say amen? So, so there is a plan. There is a there is there God's got you in his mind all along. And to make sure that you're going to make it, he's going to send Elijah your way. And you're going to have to say, "Lord, let my heart wash me. Wash me. Take sin from me. Purify me. Let my heart be pure and unadulterated before you." Oh, can you say amen? Now, why would God say Elijah? Have you ever wondered why God used Elijah? Now, Elijah, it's not that the prophet El not it's not that we're saying that William Brham was Elijah incarnated. Amen. It's the spirit of Elijah that has come upon the the anointing, the makeup that has come back in our day. Is that right? Now before the great and dreadful day the hearts of the children are going to be turned back to the faith of the fathers. Why? Why? Why the heart? Why the heart? The heart is the seat of emotion. It's the seat of affection. It's it's the seat of passions. It's it's where it's where you take you make your choice as when you're you don't love your wife with your mind. You love her with your heart. You don't love God with your mind. You love him with your heart. If we if we treated if we treated our wives the way that we treat the Lord sometimes that would be a pretty rough marriage. She would wonder she would wonder if you really loved him or loved her and and he would wonder if you really loved him, right? Because we we we So here's here's where and and I'm fixing to close. I got a I got two more scriptures I I believe it is that I'm wanting to share y'all. But but I but but here's here's the deal. You see, and and I'm hoping I can make that I'm trying to I I I wanted to just bring this out as we're talking about about this messenger to our age because the whole we we get up and preach and we're preaching promises to you all, right? The ministry comes in preaching to us and telling us you are perfect. You are you you are loved. There's nothing held against you. But you see Leodysa is saying the same thing. Leoa is saying I'm increased with goods. I have need of nothing. I am right. But yet the scripture says there's going to be a day of judgment for some and there's going to be a day of catching away for the others. Amen. Man, this is why the scripture didn't say it's where when the prophet said, Amen. You're not he he did he he didn't say to turn your minds back to the Bible. He said he's got to turn your hearts back to the scripture. You don't serve God with your mind. You serve God with your heart. Well, praise the Lord. Now, so the whole world talks about, you know, we're all going to rapture and Elvis and Louis Sil, as I was saying earlier, and we're going to meet up and John Wayne will all raise from the dead and, you know, to meet Rocky, Gar Brooks, and Nancy Pelosi in the air, you know, and and everyone is all going to be with the Lord and and and and but we're not using the Bible to pacify our consciences. We're using the Bible to wash our consciences. We're using the Bible to wash our hearts. The lukewarm leotans have no heart for God. It's all here. So with their mouth, they're saying, "I love you." With their mouth, they're saying, "I'm a Christian." with their mouth are saying I go to church. But Jesus said in this day that their hearts will be far from me. So the prophet has to come. You God would not let you be deceived. Lay he's done promised it in his Bible that you the elect will not be deceived. So he's sending you a prophet. to give you this message. Not for you to sit there and listen and take it all lightly and say, "Well, I I'm going to hell." No. For you to be sincere with your soul, sincere with your belief system, be sincere with this Bible. He sent us Elijah to get out of that lukewarmness. That's saying something here but no hearted. Y'all y'all hear me now? So while one is saying, "Oh, we're all saved. We're all saved." And yet the Bible says, "As it was in the days of Noah, where only eight souls were saved as it was, so shall it be in the coming where only eight souls." eight souls out of billions. So, it's not what who says what, it's the one who has heard the voice and they're applying that word to their heart and being serious. Now, if there's somebody that's still playing with God, there's coming a time very soon where Wendell Martin will not be found on this earth. Where the true believers here in Pawne will be gone. The rapture will take place. And if you're not right with God, there's nothing but judgment for you that you've got. Hey, you say man, you're putting it on thick, buddy. You're you're going to think thick if you have been playing around with God and you miss that rapture. And on that day, there's no recourse on that day. But friends, a messenger has come to us saying, "Prepare. The bridegroom comes. Be ready to make this rapture." Can you say, "Amen." So, let us have our garments washed. Well, praise the Lord. Now, let me just say this. Now, um, now the as as we got to why Elijah, praise the Lord. Why, why Elijah before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Well, let's look let's look at Elijah. Elijah came in a time of great apostasy and um Ahab and and Jezebel had had Jezebel had caused the whole nation to sin and turned against God and and then finally God got tired of it and God was bringing judgment. The scripture says they're in the third second or third church age. Remember when Jezebel began to seduce God's servants in the church ages? It was the Catholic Church that had risen up and that had started turning the hearts of the people away from the true word of God. So what we're seeing here today is the climax of the seeds that were planted until the churches today. There's many churches, the Catholic Church and denominations, all of those, it's just mom and daughters. And they they have all they they they have done away with the word. But God sent an Elijah. Amen. And and I and I want to say amen that as Israel has been had been subjected to man's philosophies that for all those years king after king idolatrous worship become the norm and and there in revelations 2 and 20 talking about us notwithstanding I have a few things against thee because thou suffest that woman Jezebel which calleth herself a prophetus to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication to eat things sacrifice pass into idols. God was going to send a vindicated prophet. Amen. So when God deals with anything according to Amos, if you look there at Amos 3 and I and now we let's just turn there real quickly. We still have some time. Amen. Uh Amos Amos 3. This is a um a a wonderful scripture because you know we look there at at um uh look we see what God's God's uh what am I looking for the word God's God's only way to bring any kind of warning is through his prophet now let's look here at at Amos 3 and6 shall a trumpet be blown in a city and the people not be afraid? Shall there be evil in a city and the Lord hath not done it? Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secrets unto his servants, the prophets. You see that? Now, I want us to look at our final scripture here. Let's look here at at First Kings 18 and 21. First Kings is back in the beginning of the book. And I would like for you kids to to turn there if you've got your Bibles. Um 18 and 21 because this here is this this here we talked about the five comingings of Elijah. And so this here is is actually this is the first Elijah. This is the original Elijah. And this is what he done. And uh so when you're there, you can say amen. All right. It says, "Elijah came unto all the people and said, "How long halt ye between two opinions." So you got Christendom and then you've got you've got the real and you've got the false. You've got the bride. You've got right. And so now here it comes. Here it comes. So he's saying, "And if the go if the Lord be God, follow him. If Baal be God, then follow him." And the people answered him not a word. Then said Elijah unto the people, "I even I only remain a prophet of the Lord. But Baal's prophets are 450 men. Let them give us two bulocks. Let them choose one bulock for themselves and cut it in pieces. Lay it on the wood and put no fire under it. I will dress the other bulock and lay it on wood and put no fire under. Call ye on the name of your gods and I will call on the name of the Lord. And the God thatth by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said it was well spoken. Now it sounds like it sounds like these are just heathen people. No, no, no, no. Remember, Israel was God's chosen people. Israel was not heathen nation. They were God's chosen people, but they were putting other things over God. They weren't serving the true God, though they claimed they were Jews. Are you understanding? I want you to look now. Here's the elect that says there is one God. Here is the false that is saying, "Oh, but we love God, too. We're Christians, too." All right. Amen. Now, the spirit that came, the spirit or the anointing of Elijah, Amen. It come and and and and the the the power was with Elijah. Elijah had said, "It will not rain except by my word." There was the supernatural with Elijah just as there was a supernatural with with with our Elijah. But Elijah was a restoration prophet. He stood against all the forms of of religion and sin. And I want us to go down. Let's just just to make it quickly. Let's go to the 30th verse. And Elijah said unto all the people, "Come near unto me." And all the people came near. And he repaired the altar of the Lord that was broken down. Malachi 4, what was it? And he shall turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the fathers, the apostles who wrote the book. Jezebel's teachings has thrown the book off to the side. But it took an Elijah in our day to pick up all of the broken pieces, bring it all back together to build the altar. Amen. And Elijah took 12 stones according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, to whom the word of the Lord came, saying, Israel uh uh shall be thy name. And with the stones he built an altar in the name of the Lord. And he made a trench around the altar as great as as would be two measures of seed. What was he doing? He was screaming out. Amen. 36th verse that that 36th verse he says, "And it came to pass in the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that Elijah the prophet came near and said, Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, that I am thy servant, and I have done all these things at thy word." It was all done by vision. That was a prophet. Hear me, oh Lord. Hear me that this people may know that thou art the God, the Lord God, that thou hast turned their heart back again. What was the first Elijah doing? Turning their heart back to the true God. What is our prophet doing? Turning our hearts back to the true word. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. Are you hearing me? Now, you say, "Well, this is elementary." But I I know I I know it might be elementary, but we've also got our young people. And and besides, I don't care if you've been serving the Lord for 50 years. It's good to hear it. You would all be going through a tribulation. And I just want to say guys, if God sent Malachi for a prophet to turn our hearts back to it, then what about anyone that does not heed to it? They can't be prepared. I'm going on record. There is no rapture for anybody that has not come in line with the prophet of this day. heaven. Yes, there will be some you'll have to go through that. You'll have to go through the great tribulation. You'll have to give your head. You'll have to go through those things there. But this message has come to prepare us. Don't sit in a message church and not be prepared because you don't even have you don't even have a guarantee. There may be nothing left but hell for you. if you reject what God's given us. So what am I saying? You saying, "Brother Window, what what are you trying to say?" I'm saying take the word of God very very seriously. I I thinking of uh Brother Nathaniel, if would you would you put First Thessalonians 5 up there? Amen. Uh uh first 1 Thessalonians [Music] um 1 Thessalonians 5 and two. Yes. Yes. That one right there. For yourselves know perfectly. Yourselves know perfectly. And there there's going to be an elect that has heard. yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord that's there's the day he's saying it's going to be a day of sorrow a day of gloom a day of of of evil he says but yourself know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night and when they shall say peace and safety then sudden destruction come upon them as travail upon a upon a woman with child and they shall not escape but Ye, someone shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief. Ye are the children of light, and the children of the day, and we are not of the night, nor of the darkness. What What is he saying? You say, "Well, then we didn't need." No, no, no. You've got You can't do away with one. You can't. You see, but the Apostle Paul was expecting the coming of the Lord to be right then. He was They were the apostolic fathers. He was the one that that where the fathers were turned to the children. They're the one that wrote the book for you and I's sake. But here we are seven church ages later and we and the world has been taught by this Jezebel to commit fornications against her God. So, it takes an Elijah to come back and point us back to that word so that that scripture can be fulfilled in my ears. You're not of darkness. So, God's given you light. Oh, glory to God. What is light? It's revelation. You are children of revelation that that day shall not overtake you. Then go to that next verse, verse nine. Let's see. Uh yeah, therefore let us not sleep as others do, but let us watch and be sober. They that sleep sleep in the night. They that are be drunken are drunken in the night. Let us who are of the day be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love and helmet, this the hope of salvation. For God hath not appointed the elect to wrath. And he shall turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers because God has not appointed any of us to wrath but unto a rapture. So the world is saying, "Oh yeah, it's going to be a wonderful day. A great great great day." And we're saying, "Yeah, it's going to be a great day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Great great day." But one's by revelation. One is preparing. The other is just thinking that every every every guy's going right. Amen. Are we going to be ready? We're going to be ready because the elect of God is not going to be lukewarm. Amen. there in in in 1 Peter 3:12 as the musicians come 1 Peter 3 and2 second Peter 3 and2 amen it says looking for and hasting oh look at the look at the elect we're not we're not cowardly going into this we're not saying oh no oh no I I don't no we've heard from Elijah we we've got our watch this looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God wherein the heavens shall be on fire shall be deserved and the elements shall melt with fervent heat and nevertheless we according to his promise look for new heavens and a new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness wherefore beloved seeing that ye look for such things be diligent that you may be found in him found of him in peace when he comes be diligent that you're found of him in peace without spot and blameless. Now what? What? Wait a minute. What? Where's where's that blameless and that spot? What? What? What? But the washing of the water by the word. There's no reason for any of us to ever be ashamed. And buddy, don't be ashamed of this message. I don't care if you're on the job site. Don't don't be ashamed of this message. Don't don't be ashamed because this is salvation. Brother Brandham did not die for us. He was a human being like the rest of us. But the problem was Jezebel had taught us all that we were okay with just being religious. Good feeling. Just believe the fundamentals. Whether you're a Baptist, believe the fundamentals. Whether you then if you're a Pentecostal, it's the good emotion and the speaking in tongues. you're Catholic, it's pray to one of the saints, if you got all but here, God sent a prophet and that prophet he vindicated with a great pillar of fire. Can you put Can you Can you put the pillar of fire up there? Sorry for running you around. Thanks for doing that, though. I like I like those scriptures. The great the one the pillar of fire over brother's head. Oh God. God says let Elijah says let the God that answers by fire. He said I'm not going to put no fire under the altar. I'm not going to put no fire on the And if you can't find that, Brother Nathaniel, I that that's just fine. Actually, brother Harry, if you would just could you get that that we we get this picture over here, Brother Nathaniel. The one the one that's outside there. Don't hurt your back. And uh but he was vindicated by the pillar of fire. In fact, Elijah was caught up in chariots of fire. But in this day, God didn't just say God didn't just say that any that he he wasn't going to leave it to a man to vindicate himself. But if God says that I'm going to send an Elijah, then God's got to come and vindicate that man. God appeared in the pillar of fire all the time, but this time the Lord allowed the camera to take it. They done all of this. They they they went through the negatives. They they done all of this scientific stuff of the day back then. and and the one of the men of the FBI, the forensics expert says, "Listen, there's no light that hit that negative." He said, "That was a supernatural being." He said, 'I too have been a skeptic of William Brandham when I've heard of the light and when I he says, but today this has been the only photograph that has ever been taken. Let me let me just put it this way. The Holy Spirit is wanting to make it real to you because you are going to have to have the correct interpretation. God don't want you just following in darkness. God didn't want those Israelites to follow that Elijah in darkness. So God vindicated that man so that every mom and daddy, every boy and girl would know that he was God's prophet. Aren't you glad we don't worship? Nah, we don't worship, brother Brandham. We're so thankful that God chose this humble servant to take us back to scripture. I'm thankful. I don't want to have one of these pictures in my house and and have a say, "I'm a message believer." And did not heed to the words it says. I want to be ready to go. Truly, truly, we are. We are about ready. Amen. It's time to go home. Amen. Amen. What are you playing there, Brother Kobe? The light. Such a beautiful life comes where the dude of mercy. Our bright. Won't you shine all around us by day and by night? You are Jesus, the light. Turn my heart. I don't want to be in church and have my heart somewhere else. Let me walk in the light. Such a [Music] beautiful. Oh, it comes when the due drops of mercy are pride. Won't you shine all shine around me Lord by day? You are Jesus, the light of the world. Father, we thank you for the warning even in your first coming. Lord Jesus, you you said there would be the foolish and the wise virgins. You said that there would be a call come out at midnight that you would have a messenger that would say, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh." In the parable that you laid out, you said both wise and foolish, was going to be sleeping, but the wise would have oil. Lord, I pray that you let us all have oil in our lamps. Let us walk with you in the purity of heart. Let us walk with you Lord with divine love. Such a love, a great eternal love that comes only from you. We love you, Lord. We know that that love can only come by your Holy Spirit. And Lord, if there's someone here tonight that doesn't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Lord, the five foolish did not have it. And when the bridegroom came, they weren't ready. So Lord, I pray that you would fill every man and woman, boy and girl that doesn't have it, fill them with your Holy Spirit. It's something that you have promised to us all when you said, "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the Holy Ghost." It's a promise. It's a gift. So Lord, we're going to humble ourselves and we're going to say, "I want that more than I I want anything else. I want your Holy Spirit. Oh God, oh line our hearts up with you, Lord. Let us want you more than we want phones. Want YouTube. And let us want you more than we want any of the pleasures of this world. We love you, Lord. Now, Father, we're asking that you would take us all. Let us examine our souls. We'll give you glory and honor. in the name of Jesus Christ. You see those who will be traveling Lord for the wedding. I ask, Father, that you would be with them. And keep keep everyone safe. And I ask, Lord, that you would just cause everything to go wonderful, Lord, for the for the kids. And that you would bless Brother Austin, Sister Rose, Lord. Lord, just thank you for all that you are. We thank you for these young people, the gifts of God that you've placed in their lives, that seed that comes from you. I just ask Lord that you would be with all of our young people, Lord. There's a lot of them, Lord, that's getting to that age where they're maybe interested in a a boyfriend or girlfriend. Just ask Lord that they would always seek you in all that they do. We love you, Father. We give ourselves to you tonight. Just ask, Lord, that these words were a blessing. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you. I know I kept you a little bit longer tonight and uh but I wanted to read a read that and just sort of lay a lay that in there. How blessed we are. God bless you. I walk in the light. Such a beauty. Amen. You can dismiss yourselves tonight. Appreciate you. Comes where the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around me by day. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Jesus, I love you, Lord. I love you, Jesus. Oh, I walk in the such a beauty. Hey, buddy. Two drops of
