################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - 2025-08-10 Bro Harry Lancaster "Identity, Origin, & Destiny" - Harry Lancaster - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-10
Title:   2025-08-10 Bro Harry Lancaster "Identity, Origin, & Destiny"
Speaker: Harry Lancaster
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVWD2v_vOjM
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] heat. [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Brand new stone. Amazing grace all day long. Thank you. The debt that I now number two first. Oh, he paid a debt. Calvary cleans my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sin. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt. Oh, let's sing that last verse as we go up. [Music] One day he's come back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Last two lines. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Somebody shout, "Amen." You realize he paid that debt. Amen. Put your sins in the sea of God. God's forgetfulness never be remembered against you again. Amen. You'll Amen. You'll shout for joy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Bram's not the only one you're going to hear on the other side. Amen. You might you probably hear me and I hear you. Amen. And that very soon. Amen. How many appreciates the word of the Lord this morning. Amen. And all that he done for us. Amen. We want to go to prayer. Amen. We have one. We have requests this morning. So don't forget those about I'm sure you won't about the the youth. Uh I guess they're are they on the road yet? Anybody know? Okay. So, uh want a member of the youth group in in Ohio and uh also for uh Sister Denise. She's here tonight. Amen. So, we're thankful for that. Surgery coming up Wednesday, so let's remember her. Sister Batty Applegate wasn't able to make it this morning, so want to remember her. And Uriah, he's And there's Uriah. He's in church tonight. Amen. Looking like a cowboy. Amen. Papa Ted would be proud. Amen. And also uh we have a request here to add to those from Sister Carol for uh Beverly uh minimum. Is that close enough? Right. She has uh menitis and congestive heart failure. Satan fights her so hard, but he's still a loser. So remember her tonight. Amen. Any other spoken or if you have unspoken request, you want to lift your hand to God. Anybody else? Amen. God sees the hand. Amen. Heavenly Father, how we love you and thank you for your throne of mercy that we can come in the times of need and trouble, Lord, and your everpresent help. Amen. We're thankful, Lord, that you would hear our prayer tonight and you would be with us that you look upon the needs of uh your people, Lord, and knowing that you are still a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities, Lord, and you're the great physician. Amen. We believe you're now near Lord to come and touch Lord. Or we just come asking, believing, Amen. Not hoping, Lord, but just in faith, amen, for our brother and sister each need this evening, Lord. Lord, look upon our frailties, Lord. And Amen. Look beyond our faults. And if you just see our needs tonight, Lord, and we just uh ask for the blood of Jesus Christ to cleanse. Amen. Make everyone whole tonight, Lord. Be in everything we say and do. all the uh with the youth group, Lord, traveling, Lord, with Sister Denise and her surgery coming up and her blood sugar, Lord. Pray you'll settle that down, Lord. Sister Betty, Lord, just such a precious soul to us all, Lord. And just be with her, Lord. We thank you for the praises, Lord, of Uriah, Lord, and and others, Lord, like Brother Shorty, Lord. just we we just consecrate ourselves fresh and new to you tonight, Lord. That you would receive our praise, Lord. That you would uh just pour out your blessing, want us above all we could even ask or think, Lord. We ask these things in Jesus Christ precious name. Amen. Amen. Could we go to C? Amen. Or no, let's go to uh let's go to G. Amen. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of Lords supreme throughout eternity, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus. Won't you turn around and tell one another, "Oh, let's talk about Jesus. Let all the world proclaim the power and majesty of such a wonderous name. The babe of Bethlehem, the bright and morning star. Let's sing his praisees near and far more. Let's talk about Jesus, the bread of life. Is he the savior of the world? This man of Galilee, the prophet, priest and king, the mighty God is he. The well of living water free. Let's talk about Jesus, the prince of peace. He the great position to down through all history. The valley pure and white, the rose of Sharon fair, the shepherd of such tender care. Let's talk about Jesus, the rock of aes. He the lamb for sinners slain. Man of Calary, a great Emmanuel, the word of God sublime. He is our bridegroom so divine. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of lords supreme throughout all eternity, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Last line. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Can you give him a hand clap of praise? Amen. He'll come on the scene. Amen. Could we go to see? Amen. Oh, see the bright light shine. One more time. Oh, I can see my father standing at the door. This world and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. One more time. Oh, say the bright light shine. It's just about home time. Oh, I can see my father's standing at the door. This world's a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home safe before. There's a light in the window and a table spread with splendor. Someone standing by an open door. I can see the Crystal River. Lord, I must be here forever. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been. Oh, listen to this next verse. Well, I can see the family gathering. Sweet faces all familiar. No one's old or feeble anymore. Oh, my lonesome heart is crying. Think I'll spread my wings for life. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world is but a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this home sick before. One more time. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world's got a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. [Music] Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It won't be long. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you know that'll of course after all after ghosted all this life is over and our burdens have been lifted and we stand upon the mountaintop. [Music] Oh in that city that the Savior is preparing. It gives me faith that I can make it after all. All this life is over and our burdens have been lifted. And we stand upon that mountain top so tall for looking over in that city that the Savior is preparing. It gives me faith that I can make it after all. Gives me faith. It gives me faith that I will make it after all. Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. I believe our prophet saw us over there. He didn't know us. Amen. But Amen. We were represented there. Our theophony body. Amen. Not made with hands. Eternal in the heavens, it says. Amen. this earthly tabernacle be dissolved. We have a body, a house of God, not made with hands. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, you may be seated. I want to try to sing this song. Uh, and I I asked Brother Wendell, I think he he might just know the verses. Amen. Uh, since it's a Henson song. Amen. He will calm the troubled waters of my soul. What do you want to sing that in, Brother Wendle? We're going to help you on the course. We're going to let you sing the the verses. So, we're gonna as you get set up right there. Amen. I've got You don't know the verses? Well, we'll we'll see about that. Amen. But I know I don't know them, but we'll uh I've got it here uh in my book. Amen. So, you got that on there. He will calm the troubled waters. Amen. Uh oh. Amen. Uh it's in the song book 610. Amen. This the chorus anyway that I had the had the verses on my phone that I probably left right there. I don't know. Probably have my phone with me. I have never sung that song in my life. &gt;&gt; Never sang it. &gt;&gt; You don't know the verses? &gt;&gt; Well, I know it too. &gt;&gt; Okay, you start it and we'll we'll help you. Is that is that &gt;&gt; if your heart is heavy with some greedy for trouble? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Put your hands. &gt;&gt; You do not have to bear it all alone. For I have a friend who knows about your struggles and he'll be standing there when all your other friends have gone. &gt;&gt; Oh, we will calm the troubled waters of your soul. take your broken heart and make you whole. &gt;&gt; And when the storms of your life grow dark and cold, oh he will calm the troubled waters of your soul. Deep in every heart there is a longing to find happiness and oh such sweet peace of mind. If your heart is weary from the searching, come home to Jesus. And I'm sure my friend you'll find well he will calm the troubled waters of your soul. &gt;&gt; Take your broken heart and make you whole. When the storms of your life grow dark and cold, he will calm the troubled waters. Oh, sing that verse again. Deep in every heart there is a longing to find happiness and oh such peace of mind. And if your heart is weary from your searching come home to Jesus. And I'm sure my friend you will find and he will calm the troubled waters of your soul. Take your broken heart and make you whole. When the storms of your life grow dark and cold, he will calm the troubled waters of your soul. One more time. Oh, he will calm the troubled waters of your soul. &gt;&gt; Take your broken heart and make you whole. When the storms of your life grow dark and cold, he will calm the troubled waters of your soul. Got to sing it one more time. He will calm the troubled waters of your soul. Yes, he has. Take your broken heart and make you whole. &gt;&gt; And when the storms of your life grow dark and cold, he will calm the troubled waters. He will calm the troubled waters. He will calm the troubled waters of your soul. [Music] Amen. Amen. Excellent job. Amen. Give your pastor a hand. Amen. Appreciate him tonight. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, we got another special special. Sister Brienne is going to bless us tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And uh so she gets ready to come. Huh? Oh boy, I'm waiting for this. Amen. As she gets ready to come, let's just sing one more one more little chorus. Amen. He knew me. Amen. And okay, we're gonna do that. When I He was on the cross, I was on his mind. He knew me. Yet he loved me. And he whose glory makes the heavens shine. [Music] So unworthy [Music] of such mercy. Yet when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Above [Music] all powers above all kings, above all nation and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of men. [Music] You were here before the world began. [Music] Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonder the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what your word cruified, laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose. Trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me [Music] above all of all powers above all kings. Above all nature and all created things. above all wisdom and all the ways of men. You were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonder the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what your worth. Crucified, laid behind the stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a road trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. [Music] Crucified, laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose. Trampled on the ground. You took the fall and me above all like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the phone and thought of me above all. &gt;&gt; Wow. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you. That Amen. Yes. &gt;&gt; Got to have you sing more often. She actually volunteered. So I appreciate that. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand as we turn it to our pastor. Amen. I don't know who's preaching tonight. We have a preacher tonight. I guess I should have looked up and saw brother Harry absent. Amen. So as he gets ready to come. Amen. You know that and When I look into your &gt;&gt; When I look into your holiness, when I gaze into your loveliness, when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you, of you. When I found the joy of reaching your heart and my will becomes enthralled in your love. When all things that surround become shadows in the light of you, of you. I worship you, [Music] Lord. I worship you. [Music] The reason I live is to worship you. Oh, I worship you [Music] Lord. I worship only you. Only you [Music] the reason I live [Music] is to one. Oh many desire to look up in on the things of him that we do tonight. Oh, when I look into your holiness and I get to gaze into your loveliness. And when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you. And when I find the joy of reaching your heart and my will becomes enthralled in your love. And when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you, [Music] Lord, I worship you. [Music] I worship you. I worship you. The reason I live [Music] is to worship you. [Music] Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; All right. For those of you that have your Bibles, we'll go ahead and turn to our scriptures. We're going to start off at Genesis 1:1, quick and easy for everybody to find very front of the book. So, Genesis 1:1, in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. and the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep, and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. Now, let's turn to Job chapter 38, Job 38, and we're going to start at verse 4. Job chapter 38 starting at verse 4. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare, if thou hast understanding, who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest, or who hath stretched the line upon it? Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the cornerstone thereof. When the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Let's go ahead and go before the Lord. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence this evening, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you for allowing us to to gather together once more. Lord, I pray that you would Lord, take these scriptures and quotes and the thoughts that I've put together, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you would take control of them completely, Lord. I Lord, you know the the direction that I've been thinking, but Lord, if that's not the direction that we should go, I pray that you would steer me to what needs to be said, Lord. Lord, you know the people here, Lord. You know what's on their hearts, Lord. You know their needs. you know what they're what they're dealing with and what they're facing. Lord, I pray that you would just help me to to say the right words. Lord, may you just be in everything that's said, Lord. May it speak encouragement to those that are downtrodden. Lord, may it help those to to overcome that are that are trying to break free. Lord, may it provide correction to those that are that are that are unsure, Lord. And Lord, may you just be able to take control of everything, Lord. We just commit the reign of the service into your hands. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; You may all have your seats. You know, I was looking up online because I was curious about something as I was kind of studying along the lines for this sermon. And I found that according to Google, which we know can never be wrong, um, according to Google, there are over 4,000 religions in the world. Now, all 4,000 of those religions along with who knows how many philosophies are really trying to answer three questions. If you do some research and look up things, you find everything is really based around at the very beginning that there are three questions that everyone is trying to answer. At some point in their life, every every person, whether they even realize it or not, are trying to answer three questions in their life. They're trying to answer who am I? Where did I come from? And where am I going after I die? That is what everyone gets wrapped up in on. That's what every religion is trying to provide an answer for. That's what every philosophy that's out there is trying to provide an answer for. They're trying to answer these questions that are really ingrained into us. We've been built this way to where we're looking for our purpose. We're looking for who we are. We're looking for where we came from. We're looking for where are we going after we die? What's what's going to happen next? What's the next thing we're going to face? In fact, brother Brandham even mentioned these questions a couple of times through his sermons, which I didn't realize until I started studying this. I started looking up and here I found brother Brandham had talked about it. So in the sermon, the sign of this time in 1963, brother Brandham says, "There is not a person living, but what I like to look past the time, the curtain, and ask, where did I come from? Who am I? Where am I going?" Of all the fine books that's been read, the the great master selections that have been made, there's only one book that reveals who you are, where you come from, and where you're going. That's it. That's it. And it also lets us look past the curtain to see it. Now, when you start to look up, and we're not going to spend a ton of time on on all of these, but just kind of run through some things I was looking at, but if you look at to uh the religion of Islam, according to the religion of Islam, who am I? You're a servant and a vice regent of Allah, created to worship him and live by his guidance. Where did you come from? Well, Allah created Adam from clay and all humanity from him and his spouse. Where are you going? After death, resurrection, and judgment, the faithful enter paradise. Others face hell depending on Allah's mercy. And what's the This is a question that I added just extra. What is the ultimate reward for being a a good believer? Well, in Islam, you get eternal life and janna with peace, joy, and closeness to Allah. Buddhism, who am I? There is no permanent self. You're a temporary collection of changing physical and mental processes. Where did you come from? You're a result of countless causes and karma from previous lives. There is no first beginning. Where are you going? Rebirth in samsara until nirvana is attained. Liberation ends the cycle of suffering. I don't want to do that. Brother Merl, can you imagine? You have to keep living life over and over and over until finally you get it right. It's going to take a long time. I mean the ultimate reward if you are a good Buddhist attaining nirvana freedom for suffering and the cycle of rebirth experiencing ultimate peace in Hinduism. Who am I? You're an eternal soul part of the universal reality. Your true self is divine and eternal. Where did I come from? The universe is eternal is eternal and cyclical. Each soul is reborn through karma. Creation stories vary but often involve gods like Brahma creating the world. Where am I going? Rebirth continues according to karma until moksha which is liberation is achieved. Maksha unites the soul with Brahma and ends the cycle. The ultimate reward for being a good member attaining moaksha liberation from the cycle of rebirth and union of the soul with Brahma experiencing eternal bliss. Now looking it up I and this is just because of where we are. I looked up according to uh the old traditional Pawnee religion. Who am I? A being of earth and sky part of a cosmic family created by Tiwa. I'm probably not pronouncing that right, but with sacred duties to maintain harmony. Where did I come from? Descended from the first man and woman, sent by morning star and evening star who were created by Turoa. Earth is prepared by spiritual beings. Where am I going? After death, the soul travels west to join the star people in the spirit world. Continuation of the cosmic cycle. And what is the ultimate reward for being a good member? Peace and harmony in the afterlife among the star people. Continued place in the cosmic order. And then a very popular view which I would classify as a religion but most people wouldn't. It's going to be what most kids are taught in their textbooks. This is going to be the evolutionary view. According to that, who am I? You're a homo sapien, a product of millions of years of evolution shaped by biology and culture. Where did I come from? Well, life began 3.5 billion years ago. Humans evolve from primates, ancestors over millions of years. Where am I going? The body returns to Earth. No afterlife predicted by science. Legacy continues in impact and genetics. The ultimate reward for being a good member. There is no supernatural reward. Satisfaction of contributing to human progress, well-being, and the survival of one's genetic and cultural legacy. Whatever religion, whatever philosophy is the one that you go, this is what I'm going to ascribe to. This is what I'm going to believe. This is where I'm going to go. The answers to those questions affect your day-to-day life. They affect how you live. At least they should. Now, there are plenty of people that claim to be Christians. They claim that that's their religion. But when you look at their life, you realize they obviously don't believe the Christian answers to those questions because that's not how they live their life according to Christianity. And we'll go into this more in a few moments. Who am I? A child of God made in his image with inherent dignity and purpose to know and serve him. Where did I come from? God created Adam and Eve as the first humans. All people are descended from them. Where am I going? Eternal life with God in heaven for believers in Christ. Separation from God for those who reject him. The ultimate reward for being a good member is eternal life in heaven with God, experiencing perfect joy, love, and fellowship in his presence. Brother Random says in the sermon, the 10 virgins and the 144,000 Jews, he says, "I condemned in the chains of sin in the prison house of hell, condemned, guilty, going away to be destroyed forever, and somebody took my place." It was about 18, 20 years old. One day, the Holy Spirit, I said, "Well, who am I? Where did I come from? Where am I going?" He said, "He took your place. You were going there. He took your place. There he is. I said, "Oh lamb of God. Oh lamb of God. I come. I come. Nothing in my arms I bring. I have nothing to offer you, Lord. Just simply to thy cross I cling. That's all I got." And he took me in. He clothed me like the father with the prodigal son. Put a new garment upon me. The garment not of mine. His garment of his righteousness he put upon me and a wedding ring upon my finger that I'll be the bride that day. Now the fatted calf has been killed. And we're rejoicing because I was once dead and now I'm alive. I was once lost and now I'm found. The world goes through these questions and like I said, the answers affect the way that you live your life. You know, if we are going to believe the way that they want to teach in the textbooks and you want to follow the evolutionary rem model that well, I came out of primordial sludge somewhere over millions of years, millions of years, I'm now here in human form. I get to live my finite life and then I die and I'm gone. Which if that's true, then while I'm here on earth, I need to experience as much enjoyment and as much pleasure I can because this is all I got. If this is this is it, if there's nothing after I die, then I better make the most of this. And if you look at people living in the world around you, even those that are claiming Christianity, most people are living according to that credence, they are living according to the idea, this is what I got, so I need to enjoy it as much as possible. This is what I got and so I need to make sure that I'm having as much fun, I'm having as much pleasure because this is it. They're not living with the mindset that there's something that happens after death. Most people are living in the mindset that I die and it's over. It's one of the reasons that you'll find people getting involved in everything. Why would someone want to take the first drink? Why would somebody want to try the first batch of drugs? Why would somebody want to be promiscuous for the first time? Each one of those are being led from an answer and from a mindset that says there's nothing that happens after I die. There's nothing to look forward to. So, I need to live it now. And I need to enjoy what I can in this flesh because that's all I got. It's the only thing that's coming. But if we're living as Christians, obviously we have a completely different answer to all of these qu questions and we're supposed to be living a completely different life. Genesis 1 and verse 27. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Psalms 139:14. I will praise thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Marvelous are thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well. Ephesians chapter 2 and verse 10. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. Who am I? I'm a child of God. Who am I? I'm his creation. Who am I? I'm the bride of Christ. Who am I? I'm his representative on earth. Galatians chapter 3 and verse 26. For ye are the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. For as many of you has been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek. There is neither bond nor free. There is neither male nor female. For you are all one in Christ Jesus. And if you be Christ, then you are Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise. 1 Peter chapter 2 and verse 9. But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that ye should sh show forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. &gt;&gt; Amen. Who am I? I'm created in God's image. Who am I? I'm fearfully and wonderfully made. Who am I? I'm his workmanship. Who am I? I'm a child of God. Who am I? I'm an heir of God. Who am I? I'm a chosen generation, a royal p priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people. Where did I come from? Genesis chapter 2 and verse 7. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man became a living soul. Colossians 1 and verse 16. For by him were all things created that in heaven that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. Where did I come from? God created. God formed. Let's go to Acts chapter 17 and starting at verse 22. Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars Hill and said, "Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too stup super superstitious. For as I passed by and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, to the unknown God, whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him I declare unto you. God that made the world and all things therein. So here's Paul. He's in Athens on Mars Hill speaking to the Greeks. &gt;&gt; He speaks about the unknown god. The first things he tells them is, "Where did you come from? This is the God that made all the world and everything there is therein." He then continues on, seeing that he is the Lord of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in temples made with hands, neither is worshiped with men's hands, as though he needed anything, seeing he giveth all to life and breath in all things, and hath made of one blood all nations of men, for to dwell in all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation, that they should seek the Lord, if happily they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far off from every one of of us. For in him we live and move and have our being, as certain also of your poets have said, for we are also his offspring. Who am I? I'm the offspring of God. So Paul, as he's speaking to them, he's answering these questions. They I'm sure they didn't realize it. I'm sure they weren't sitting there with these three questions in their mind waiting to see if he checked all the boxes. But yet this is still how Paul as he's coming to them is presenting. He's going these are the three questions every one of you is looking for the answer for. &gt;&gt; So let me go ahead and in just a few verses I'll lay this out for you. &gt;&gt; For as much then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold or silver or stone graven by art and man's device. And the times of this ignorance God winked at, but now commandeth all men everywhere to repent, because he hath appointed a day in the which he will judge the world in righteousness, by that man whom he hath ordained, whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead. Are we ending in the grave? Or is Paul saying that there's something more? I've read this over multiple times. I think most of us have read Paul on Mars Hill and I had never really noticed that he takes the time basically in these nine verses. Nine verses of him speaking and he covers here. Let me answer the three questions that every religion tries to answer, that every philosophy is trying to answer. Let me go ahead and tell you, where did you come from? God created the world. He made it all. Everything that's in it, he made it. Who are you? We are his offspring. We're children of God. Where are we going? He's going to judge and he's going to raise us from the dead. This is it. This is everything laid out in a short sermon. John chapter 14 verse two. Where am I going? In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself. And where I am, there you may be also. Philippians chapter 3 and verse 20. For our conversation is in heaven. From whence also we look for the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall change our vile body, that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body, according to the working whereby he is able, even to subdue all things unto himself. Revelation chapter 21 and verse 4. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes. And there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain, for the former things are passed away. Now, none of these are verses that are new. I'm sure every one of us have read these verses multiple times as we go through it. And really, it ends up coming back to us asking a few more questions. If we want to believe that these are the answers to the three great philosophical questions, if that's what you want to call them, if those are the answers, does it matter? Does it matter where we come from? Does it matter who created us? And more than that, do our lives reflect what we say that we believe? Like I said, we there are countless Christians that would say that's what they believe. They say that yes, God created. Yes, I'm a child of God. And yes, I believe that I'm going to be in heaven with him. They would go through and say yes to all those. Check all the boxes. Thumbs up. I'm there with you. But then it comes the question of is that how you're living your life. Now really I heard someone talking years ago they were talking about the evolution con concept but they pointed out they said you know if whatever you truly believe there if you believe the evolution idea great I can live however I want do whatever I want. There is no true good or evil. There may be laws that people agreed together to create, but you can't truly call it good or evil because we all just came from primordial slime. So my truth is what's important. And you hear that talked about if you listen to the news or you listen to different people saying it's all well each person can have their own truth. They can have their their own belief. But if we believe Christ, if we truly believe these are the answers to those questions, well, if I am created by God, if I am his workmanship, then I probably need to ask him what he wants me to do. I probably need to ask him &gt;&gt; how I'm supposed to live because if he was powerful enough to make me, then he probably has a reason for it. &gt;&gt; I'm not just here to live however I feel is right or however I want or do the things that make me feel good. I'm here to live for a purpose. Romans chapter 9 and verse 20. Nay, but oh man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, why hast thou made me thus? Hath not the powder power over the clay of the same lunt lump to make one vessel unto honor and another one unto dishonor? You know, we have an epidemic in the world of depression and people feeling cut off and alone. And I know brother Wendell can testify to it of the number of young people that he sees at the different meetings, the few meetings that he goes and preaches that will come up and they're struggling with depression or they're struggling with suicidal thoughts and they're they're struggling with these different things. And we know that just because you're a Christian doesn't mean that you're immune from fighting. It doesn't mean that we're immune from battling. But we also have a thing if we're taking into it and we're truly believing this like if God made me for a purpose. If God made me for a reason, God doesn't make junk. God doesn't make trash that gets thrown aside. &gt;&gt; God doesn't make someone that's worthless. He doesn't make someone that's not valuable. He doesn't make someone that's unimportant. &gt;&gt; And so when Satan wants to come in and tries to battle and oppress and tries to cut off and go, "You're all alone. You don't matter. You could die now and the world would go on and no one would even miss you." And yet God's here saying, "You're mine. I made you. And if the God of all heaven and earth chose to make me, chose to call me, then there is no way I can be worthless. There is no way that I can be unimportant. And yeah, maybe in the world's eyes I'm unimportant. That's fine. Maybe on social media I'm unimportant. Maybe in the main news media I'm unimportant. Maybe in the town of Pawne or the town of Stillwater I'm unimportant. That's fine. If God wants me to be important in one of those places, wonderful. But that's not mine to worry about. God created me for a purpose. And he doesn't have to necessarily tell me what my purpose is. He doesn't have to tell me, "All right, you're living your entire life because when you're this many years old, you're going to meet this person on the corner, and you're going to testify to them, and you're going to plant a seed, and they are then going to move off to Siberia, and you're never going to see them again. But they're going to end up accepting me because of what you said. He There is nowhere that God promises he will tell us what we were meant to do. He promises he will guide our steps. He will guide our paths. He will show us that next step. He's not going to show us what we're supposed to be in five years or 10 years or He's not going to tell us, "All right, you just accomplished the whole purpose I had for you on earth. You just did it. This was this was the the the big thing you were here for. We just did it. That's not that's not it's not there. &gt;&gt; You're not going to find that verse. And I'm also not one that would even hold on to the thing that God created me for just one giant purpose and that's it. There are lots of little moments. There are lots of little times. You know, I can think just about some of my late night conversations with my children. And they're not even always just about about the Lord. It could be about whatever. It could be going on anything. But those moments investing in them, small things here and there. Small moments where, you know, just the other night, Sister Angie watched our few of our kids for us. I don't know what kind of conversations they had. I don't know what was going on. Kids had fun. They were still alive when we picked them up. It's really about all we ask for. But I know that Sister Angie has kept lots of kids lots of times over the years and there have been all kinds of conversations. There have been all kinds of moments. We talk about all the time that Brother Donald is known for texting everybody out of the blue. How you doing, brother? Was just thinking about you. Was just praying for you. It's not long in-depth conversations. It might be two or three messages and it's over. But yet those little interactions, those those little moments And I'm not saying that brother Donald hasn't had some moments where he personally led someone to Christ. What I'm pointing out is like there are small things that we happen that we do throughout our life. How many times is either with your own children or helping to take care of somebody else's kids or doing different things and you have some sort of conversation or maybe they're just watching you and they're seeing the way that you're living your life, the way that you react to different things, the way that you handle different things. They're seeing a witness there that's not from their parents who they see every day, but it's somebody else going, "Wow, there are other people that believe the same thing. There are other people that hold up this is the same standard." those little moments when we're showing and particularly with these kids that we're helping to remind them and show them over and over you're important and God has a purpose for you and God has a reason for you being here. These young boys that are on the front row, they have plenty of years of growing up still to go. The older ones I would normally pick on aren't here right now. So these boys, they've got years to go. More than likely, none of them know for sure what their career is going to be yet. None of them know for sure this is what I'm going to do with my life. This is my purpose. Maybe they have ideas. Maybe like I want to be like dad. I want to be an electrician or I want to do this or I want to do that because my dad's big and strong and I want to be just like him. They might have some ideas. They might have some dreams, something they're imagining, but they don't know what God's going to lead them or what he's going to do to for them. They don't know for sure, hey, what am I called to do? Brother Wendell says it all the time, like, are any of them ministers? Are any of them deacons? Are any of them musicians coming up? Are any of them the prayer warriors that are going to be the behindthe-scenes support for everything? I don't know. I'm not I'm not a prophet that can look at them and go, I can see where your life's going to take you. I can see what is going to happen. But yet these kids will come up and particularly as they're going through the teenage years and Satan will do everything he can to make them feel worthless, to make them feel like they are cast aside, they're unimportant, nobody cares about you. And yet it's in all those moments that all these little investments that have come from parents and friends and family going into them. Maybe some of the things that are helping them hold on, the Lord can bring that back to their mind to go, you're not unimportant. You've been invested in. You've been cared for. You've been loved. then you've still got people around you that love you and that care for you. We don't have the right as the thing that's formed to ask him who formed us why he made us thus. I don't get to ask why God made me the way that I am. I can simply ask how he wants to use me because he's made me this way for a reason. He's made me to have this personality. He's made me to have this style in ministering. He's asked he's made me to have a certain type of skill set when I go to work and when I interact with people. He's created me this way for a reason and for a purpose. And so I don't get to sit here and go, "Well, God, why couldn't I be more like Brother Wendell? Why couldn't I do this? Or why couldn't I be more like Brother Mitch or Brother Robert? Why couldn't I be more like one of these other brothers or someone that's not even in this building? Why couldn't I be more like them? Why couldn't I have more resources? or why couldn't I be have have more talents or more skills or more whatever? Why couldn't I? But I can't ask. All right, Lord, how do you want to use me? You've created me for a purpose. You've had me go through life and different experiences and different challenges. How can I surrender myself a little bit more? How can you use me to accomplish the goals that you've created me for? You know, he when they're talking about the forming the clay, you know, they'll make some that are going to be pitchers. for water. Some are going to be vases for flowers to go in. Some going to be cups for someone to drink out of. Some are going to be platters or plates for food to be on. And yes, some are going to be chamber pots. And if you kids don't know what that is, you can ask your parents. Each one of these is for a purpose. Each one of these is being used in a certain manner. I'm not going to take my coffee mug and try to put a steak in it and then try to cut it up to eat out of. Could I do it? Eventually, there would be a lot of frustration, a lot of annoyance. Eventually, I could still eat the steak, but it'd be a whole lot easier if I just put it on the plate that's designed for the steak to sit on. It's nice and flat. I can easily cut it and eat. And I'm not going to take my sweet tea and pour it out on a plate and then try to drink from it. Once again, could I do it? Yes. Would it be messy? More than likely. Would I spill? Probably. Would I be able to drink something? Yes. So, if there was no other option, the only vessel that I have is a plate. I guess I'll use it because it's all I got. But it's going to work a whole lot better if I grab the glass or the mug out of the cabinet and fill it up with my sweet tea and hopefully some ice and then get to enjoy my nice cold beverage. For those of you that aren't sweet tea fans, you can put Dr. Pepper in instead. But the person who made these vessels, they didn't make the coffee mug for me to eat steak out of. They didn't make the plate for me to drink sweet tea off of. They were made for a purpose and a reason. And I don't think the plate is sitting in the cabinet looking at all the cups and mugs going, "Man, I really wish that someone could drink sweet tea or coffee out of me. I really wish that I could be used the same way that they're being used. I really wish that I had the same talents and abilities and skills as they did. And I know this is probably coming across very funny and childlike, but I'm trying to get it where the kids can understand here. God doesn't make each one of us to be the same. God doesn't design each one of us to do the same things or do the same work. &gt;&gt; God has created Sister Carol to be Sister Carol. And Sister Carol can reach out and connect to the native people around here way more than this white boy ever could. Deep South Boy, Florida. I am not there is sorry I can talk. I can visit, but I'm probably not going to relate quite the same way. God made me me. God made me to be raised in Florida to come from a Pennsylvania guy. My dad was from Pennsylvania, so he was as northern as they get. My mom was from Florida, so she was as southern as they get. So, I'm a mixture somewhere in there. And so I have my place where God has designed me and placed me to be able to reach certain people and communicate with certain people. And you know, I'm not I've never been a guy that's big into cars or big into sports. I know plenty of guys that are and they can talk stats of sports or talk about the types of engines that are in cars, the type of, you know, gear shift ratio and suspension and all this kind of stuff. And I'm sitting there going, "Uhhuh. Okay, great. I can look at a car, go, that looks nice. Does it drive? Can it get me from point A to point B? Does the AC work? Great. This is my kind of car. That's That's about as far as I get into it. All right. I've always been a reader, though. So, growing up, I had and even when I first started working, if there was somebody that wanted to talk about books or wanted to talk about creative type things like that, I was all into it. I knew different authors. I knew different the way different plots worked. I knew different things. And so I had my group that I was connecting with. They weren't the jocks. They weren't the gearheads. They weren't the any of these kind of things, but I had friends that they could relate to them and they could talk to them and they could speak their language and and connect and do all those things. I wasn't one that I knew a ton about music. I enjoyed singing, so I could talk a little bit in that realm, but I wasn't going to go into a whole lot with it. That wasn't how God designed me. That wasn't how God made me. And each one of us is made for a reason and made for a purpose. I asked the question, does it matter where we come from? Does it matter who created us? And ultimately, do our lives reflect what we say that we believe? Because if I really believe that God created everything, that God created me, that God called me, that God pulled me out and separated me for a reason and for a purpose. Then my life is about more than just what I want. My life is for more than even what I would say my goals and my dreams are. Now, God doesn't tell us that we shouldn't have goals and shouldn't be working towards things. I mean, anyone that was a farmer, they had to have goals of I want to get this kind of crop, so I'm going to work the field. I'm going to plant the seed. I'm going to do all these things. But ultimately, it's still up to God on whether I get a harvest or not. There was a goal there. They did not go, "I'm a farmer. Lord, I expect that field to have something for me to gather in in the autumn." He had to put in some work to try to accomplish what he wanted. God has placed me in certain roles. And so, I have read leadership books. I've done leadership classes. I've gone through human resource certifications. I've done different things because this is the direction that I was working. This is if you had asked me at 18, hey, are you going to have a career in human resources? I would have said, no, I'm going to be an accountant because that's what I was going to college for. And there's not a person that knows me today that goes, "Oh, yeah, you'd be a great accountant." But somehow at 18, I thought, "Hey, this is going to be a great career." 18-year-olds are stupid. Go ahead and put that out there. It's just the way it is. But God ordered my steps. God led me down paths for years to make me end up where I'm at now. It's not where I expected to be. It's not where I thought that I would be. But throughout that process, I still was work had to keep working towards some sort of goal because God didn't call us to sit around and do nothing. Hey, if I don't know exactly what career and I've been I've been on careers a lot lately because I've been talking to my oldest son about it because he's been thinking about it and talking about it. If you don't know what God wants you to do, pick something and try it. Like, you've got time. He's talked about, "Hey, maybe I want to do banking." Kind of like what Robert does. Like, great. If you can get a job at a bank, see what it's like. If you end up being miserable, switch to something else. It's not this. It's not This isn't the end of the world. I have seen way too many college kids through my years working at Chick-fil-A that when they realized the degree that they were working towards made them miserable. It wrecked their life because they didn't know this is what I've always wanted. This is what I've always been working towards. What am I going to do now? It's like you take six months to a year, figure out something else and try something else. is okay. God doesn't fully map it out for you, but he's made you to do something. He's made you for a purpose. God didn't make me to be an accountant, even if I thought that I was supposed to be an accountant when I was 18. I now can look back and go, "No, I'd be miserable trying to keep track of all those numbers and things. That's not the way my mind works. That's not how I fit. I am not brother Danny Stemon's father, brother John Stemon, who has passed away years ago now, but he was my pastor in Florida after my father had passed away. And brother John Stemon never met a stranger in his life. He and I I never personally saw him do this, but knowing his personality, I could completely see it. He would be one that years before when he was younger, he would be out on the street corner up on a box preaching to whoever would listen. He would talk to anyone and everyone. He ran everywhere. When we first moved there, my mom's house backed up against his house. And she thought there was an emergency over his house because she's in the kitchen washing dishes. She looks out the window. Here comes brother John running from the house across to the shed, runs back. She's like, "Did they bust a pipe?" And he's having to go get tools running back and forth because he did this multiple times, like full run each time. So she eventually called over there to ask his wife. She's like, "Is everything okay? Is there anything y'all need?" She's like, "I don't know. That's just how John gets everywhere. It's just what he does." He had a way of when he was testifying to people about the message, the first book he would give every single person was Serpent Seed. because he said if this chases them off they don't belong here. He didn't try to give it to him soft to get in. He was like can you take serpent seat or not? Let's go from there. That's not the way everybody testifies. That's not the way everyone should testify. But that's how God made him. He was the most loving, most welcoming man that I had known to that time. Steph would laugh cuz she would be over there with my cousin Jennifer driven over to their house to do something and brother John would come out to the car where my wife was just sitting in the car and be like, "Hey, can I get you a drink or something?" They weren't there to visit or stay. She was just sitting in the car while my cousin Jennifer ran in to pick up something or do whatever. Yeah. Brother John still came like, "Can I get you a drink? Hey, we're eating this in here. Would you like some or whatever?" That was him. That was Brother John Steman. You know, I'm sure we can share stories about all kinds of people in this church where you go, and I've heard people say it before. Oh, well, that's Sister Carol. That's just that's how Sister Carol does it. That's how she handles situations. That's how she does things because she's Sister Carol. Well, that's Brother Wendell. Well, that's Brother Merl. Well, that's whoever. because God has made them in a certain way. God has made them in a certain purpose. And God does that for each one of us. You know, brother Brandham, he would talk about Elvis Presley and he would talk about how he started off in the Pentecostal world and he learned some of those moves in the Pentecostal world and then he took it out to make millions with and do this that or the other. He had a gift. He had a talent. He had an ability that should have been used in one way. God gives each one of us gifts and talents that we can either surrender to him. And if we believe as Christians that he's created us, that we're his children, then we're supposed to be surrendering it all to him. But when we instead take the route of going, "Well, I want this to be about what I want to do. I want this to be about what's going to make me happy. I want this to be about what is going to bring me pleasure in some form. Then our very life is reflecting that we don't actually believe the answers to those three questions that we say we believe. Because if I'm living a life that's completely focused on me, if I'm living a life that's completely focused on my wants and my desires, then can I really say that I believe God created me and God made me and that there's a purpose for my life? In the sermon Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. Brother the Random says, "But now and then as we are sons and daughters of God and joint heirs with him in the kingdom, then we express him in our lives." Sometimes if if many of us would just live our sermons instead of preaching it, I think it would be better if we just go ahead and live the sermon. You know, it's it's a lot better to live me one than it is to preach me one. I believe because because I can see your life. God looks at our lives and the world looks at our lives because he wants to know what our lives are. And people know us. No matter our actions is so loud it drowns our testimony. Depends on what we say. If we are Christians and don't live it, then the people know better. But when we are Christians and say we're Christians and live like Christians, our lives will do it if we never said nothing else. Our lives were written epistles read of all men. So they watch how you walk. In 1959 in dedication of the building to the Lord, he says here coming from the courts now into the fellowship. Before you can ever come into the fellowship of believers, you must be cleansed by the blood of Christ. No matter how well you know the Bible, how well it's been explained to you, you must recognize the blood of the Lord Jesus and be cleansed and sanctified from your world habits. Smoking, drinking, gambling, you women wearing immoral clothes, you deacons and so forth, and church members, drinking, smoking cigarettes, playing cards, running pool rooms. That's the thing of the world. And you've got to be separated from that. And there's only one thing that can do it. That's change your nature. And the blood of Jesus Christ is the only thing that can do it. Galatians 4 and verse 7. Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son. And if a son, than an heir of God through Christ. Romans chapter 8. Verse 16. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children then hes of God and joints with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, and that we may also be glorified together. In the sermon birth pains, brother Brandham says, "A little dew drop." I don't know the formula of it. Maybe there'd be a science here of I'm just going to say the way I think it. It might be some kind of congested group of atmosphere come together in a dark night and it falls to the earth and when it does it's born in the night, but in the morning it's laying there cold and shivering on a little blade of grass or hanging on your clothesline. But just let the sun shine out once. Did you notice how happy it get happy it gets? It just glistens and quivers. Why? It knows that. It knows that it's that sunlight is going to draw it back to where it was at the beginning. And so, as every man or woman that's born of the spirit of God, there's something about it when light spreads over us that we're happy because we're knowing go we know we're going back to where we come from from the bosom of God. Where did we come from? Who am I? Where am I going after I die? In one way, these seem like the simplest questions because they are in a lot of ways, well, it's like I said earlier, they're the basis of every religion that's out there. Most every philosophy that's out there is trying to answer those three questions. And yet God in his scripture is telling us very clearly, hey, I made everything. I made all the world around you and I made you. And I created you for a purpose. I called you for a reason. I selected you because I have something for you to do. I have something for you to accomplish. I have a purpose. You're not just here to wander through life and who knows what. You're not just here to focus on your own enjoyment or your own pleasure. You're not just here for no reason. And you're not junk that I just throw away when you die. I paid a price for you so that you can raise from the dead so that I can wipe away every tear. I can take away every hurt. I can take away every pain and I can have you with me. Because ultimately before you were in human form, before you were in this physical world, you were in the mind of God. And we're going back to where we came from. Satan wants to tell us that we're unimportant. Satan wants to tell us that we don't matter. Satan wants to tell us that we're junk, that we're trash, failures. I'm sure every one of us can run through the list of what Satan has tried to tell us, &gt;&gt; if not just today, than just this past week. But yet, through all of it, God keeps saying over and over, "You're mine. I made you. I called you. What the entire world is looking for, what the entire world is searching for as they're trying to answer these questions to give themselves a reason for being here. God is saying over and over, you're mine. We come from God. God places us here for a purpose. To be his representatives, to be his ambassadors, to be his children on this world, to be his hands and feet operating in this world. And then he calls us back to him, back to be at his side. That's the purpose of our lives. That's the purpose of why we're here. That's the purpose of why he brought us here. That's the purpose of our lives. That's the purpose of why we're here. That's the purpose of why he and that's about his purpose in our lives because it doesn't end in this physical realm. It doesn't end in this room or on this earth, but we go back to where we came from. As the musicians come, brother Brandham says in the fundamental foundation for faith. Now God when he made man in the beginning, he made him superior to anything on earth. He gave him the jurisdiction of everything on earth to control everything. He controlled the animal life. He controlled the foul life, the fishes of the sea. He controlled the winds. He controlled the plant life. He controlled everything. Man was made as a secondary god on earth. He was given the power to control it all things, all elements of the earth, that was Adam. Adam was given these great powers. But then the power that he was given to make his choices where he fell. Adam could speak to the winds and it would stop. He could speak to the trees and they would obey him. He could speak to the wildlife, it would obey him. He could speak to the waters, ever what it was. Everything obeyed Adam. Now that is the beginning of man. That's what God gave him. Power over everything on earth. Now through the fall he lost that power. Then he became unconscious of the fact after losing his relationship and friendship fellowship with the father. Then he lost that and all of his great channels became clogged up and he couldn't get through. Now what Adam was in God Christ has redeemed us back to that. Now a redeemer to redeem anything is to bring it back to its origin again. And Adam never had to be sick. He never had to die. He never had a worry. He never had a heartache. He never had fear. He just climbed up in the arms of the father. And just like a child, everything was his. And whatever he asked, well, he just got it. Everything obeyed him because he was God's child and the child is heir of all things. Now when man fell, he lost this. And now what he lost in the fall, Christ comes as a redeemer. Did you ever stop to think what Christ redeemed us for? He gave us everlasting life. He brought us back to the eternal fellowship and relationship to God to be his sons and daughters again to restore back all that Adam lost in the fall. It's all too easy for us to get wrapped up in our own lives. It's all too easy for us to get wrapped up in our own wants, our own desires, our own goals, our own dreams, our own take your pick. And God doesn't, like I said, God doesn't tell us that it's wrong for us to set a goal and try to work towards it. God doesn't tell us that it's wrong for us to say, "Man, I want to work towards this and accomplish this." But at the same time, God calls us for a purpose. And often he will deviate us away from what we thought was the goal to what we thought was the dream, what we thought this is where I'm going to end up. And God goes, "That was the start of the journey. I wanted you to start working along that route, but then I decided to steer you this direction. And then you thought, okay, if I'm going this direction, then that's got to be where I'm going. That's got to be what the goal is. And then God decided to steer me this direction. And that's and God decided to steer me this direction. And then God turned me this way. And in the end, we look back and we can see how God has guided us through life. We can see how God has brought us through each step of the way. I've had a few opportunities to speak with brother Ken about some of his life and some of his different jobs that he went through and how God guided him from, hey, you're going to get laid off here because I'm going to have you go work here and then I'm going to have you get laid off here because I'm going to have you go work there. Now, God never sent him a memo to say, "Hey, you're getting laid off because I'm moving you this place." God never gave him a map saying, "All right, you're going to be here this long, and then you're going to travel to there, and then you're going to travel to there." those years ago, I probably couldn't have asked brother Ken if he would end up in Pawne, Oklahoma, and he would have said, "Oh, yeah, absolutely. I know that's where I'm going to end up." Nobody could have asked me when I was growing up in Florida if I would be in Pawne, Oklahoma. Now, I'm not at the point where I'm going, "Hey, I know for sure this where I'm going to be till the end. God could steer me somewhere else. That's up to him. But if this is where he's put me right now, if this is where he's placed me, then there's a purpose. God's placed me here for a reason. I didn't start ministering until I was in Pawnie, Oklahoma. I didn't learn to play the guitar until I was in Pawnie, Oklahoma. My son didn't learn to play the guitar and get good enough that he could play in church until we were in Pawnie, Oklahoma. There was a purpose. Now, that doesn't mean that as I stand here, I can go, I know the purpose for the rest of my life of what God's going to do. We can go through, we could talk about life after life of people that man, I was brought to here and maybe I thought that's where I was going to end up staying and then get God decided to pull me over here. God decided to do this with me or do that with me. God took a boy from Pennsylvania, had him serve in World War II, moved down to Florida, meet a Florida girl that had never left the state and other than a brief trip, has still never left the state and plans to never leave the state and have them have children. And then have that boy that was born in Florida meet a girl that was born in Texas, but they met in Alabama. And then they end up moving to Oklahoma. God doesn't map things out the way that we would. We would look at these and go, "God, this would be a lot more simple if we just like, could I just meet a local girl? Hey, I'm in Florida. Can I just meet a Florida girl and we'll just not do all this moving around and all this back and forth? And I mean, yeah, I married a Texas girl. That Texas girl left Texas, moved to South Carolina, and then had to move from South Carolina to Alabama where I finally got to meet her. And then we end up in Oklahoma. And we end up in Oklahoma meeting up with friends that she's known from Texas and from South Carolina and from these different places. And somehow we gather in Oklahoma. That's just my life. That's not going through the stories of others that have moved from Seattle and Alaska and all across the country to meet this guy and this girl have to get together. Robert, where all have you lived? Idaho, Alaska, Seattle. Brianna, where all have you lived? Georgia, South Carolina, New Mexico, Oklahoma. God takes these two people that most people would look at and go, "There is zero chance that they will ever meet. There is zero chance that they will ever rub shoulders together. and brings them through and brings them both to Ponyie, Oklahoma to bring this couple together. God's ways are not our ways. God's purposes are not ours. But yet at the same time, God still created us for a purpose. He created Robert and Brianna for a purpose. And he had them go through different things in their lives. He had them go through different experiences to finally bring them to this place. God took my wife and I through different experiences, sitting under different pastors, living in different states to finally come to where we are here. And God's not done with us. Now, God could be planning on us staying in Pawne and he works with us here for the next, Lord willing, just until the rapture comes. I don't want to talk years. Let's just go till just till the rapture comes. But God could also go in a year or two and go, "Hey, it's time for you to go somewhere else. That's not for me to decide. What is for me to decide is to keep living for him and trusting him and doing my best to follow the path that he lays out before me. Whatever that might be. Doesn't mean it's going to be easy. But yet, God has created us with a purpose. God has created my wife with specific talents and specific skills, specific abilities, that she's able to take care of the kids in a way I never would. That she's able to take care of our home in a way that I never could. That she's able to correct me in ways that I need sometimes. God paired us together. to this Florida boy and Texas girl to bring us through the different challenges and the different things that we've dealt with so that we could come here and work and be a part and put our shoulder to the wheel in some way and speak a word of encouragement here or say something to somebody at work there. Do these different things because none of us are junk. Brother Patrick, he's brought you through a lot of things over the years. You've gone through a lot of a lot of things and I don't even know them all. And that's fine. I don't want to But yet, God has brought you to this point. And God has brought you to this point. And Satan would want to tell you, "Hey, you're sitting here and you're not really worth anything. You don't really have any prospects. You don't really have any future." And yet God is sitting here telling you, "I made you for a purpose." And hey, you might have made some bad choices. You might have gone down the wrong road a few times. You might have done the wrong thing a few times, maybe more than a few. But yet, God doesn't make junk. God doesn't make trash. Even as you're sitting here and maybe you don't know exactly what the next step is going to be. Maybe you don't know what the next thing that you can do is. Maybe you don't know what the right choice you're going to be to be able to provide for a family and take care of children or do these different things. But yet God still is sitting there going, "I made you. I called you. And I have a purpose for you." But you have to be willing to surrender yourself to what that purpose is. You can't be the plate that wants to be used like a coffee mug. You can't be the coffee mug that wants to have someone eat steak out of you. You can't be something that you're not created to be. [Music] God has placed us here. God's placed us here in Panee at this moment for a reason. [Music] There's a different reason for each one of us. There's a different purpose for each one of us. But we're not junk. We're not trash. And whatever our lives may have looked like, whatever we may have struggled through, whatever we may have dealt with in the past, God's just calling for us to surrender. And God's calling for us to be willing to be used the way he wants us to be used. Not to wish that we were some other dish, that we were some other vessel. To wish that we had some other talents or some other abilities or some other background, but to be willing to surrender and go, Lord, you made me. Lord, you made everything and you chose me. You selected me. You called me as your child and you've given me a promise of a future. So Lord, I'm just here for you to use. However that might be, whatever form that may take, I'm here for you to use me. Maybe small, maybe big. That's up to God to decide. But all we can do and all that God calls us to do is to surrender. What are you playing? Sister [Music] will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. living out the revelation, overcoming sin's temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the generation. [Music] We are the generation. We're the culmination. The final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation. Overcoming sins temptation. And the truth will go to every tongue and nation. We are the chosen generation. You know, I've had to do a lot of thinking and a lot of looking as I've gone into the new job I've had over the last month and a half, seven, eight weeks, whatever it is now. And I've had multiple conversations with my wife talking about the other people that I work with and the way that pretty much everybody there, they have two income households because they've got I work with almost all the pretty much everybody I work with is women. Their husbands work as well. They work and they'll talk about the houses they own and this that or the other. And none of them are wealthy. None of them are rich. But yet when they talk about the different things that that they have, the different things that they're able to do, and I sit there looking at my own finances going, there is no way I could ever afford to do that or afford to do this because this is the choice that we've made because this is what God has called us to do. God has called us to make the choice that my wife stays home and takes care of the kids and takes care of the home and we don't have the second income that the world seems to be built around anymore. And it can get easy to start to slip into a mindset of going, man, I wish that we could have a nicer house like that. I wish that we could do that. I wish that we could afford to go on a vacation. I wish that we could afford to do this or do that or take your pick of what it is. It's easy to fall into that trap. And I haven't been there that long. And it's easy for me to begin to fall into that trap to go, "Wow, they seem to have better than we do. They seem to have be in a better place. [Music] But yet God's calling me and calling my family to be used in a certain way to work this certain job to live the way that we live. And if God wanted me to have the money to go do all these things, I would have it. If God wanted me to have the resources to go do this or do that, I would have them. But God hasn't called me for that. And I don't have a right to sit there and wish that I had what they do. As easy it is for me to do it because that's the mindset of the world. That's the mindset of Leodysia to look and go, "Man, I wish that I had a little more. I wish that I could live as good as they do. I wish that I had that new car or I wish I had that new phone or I had this this this to go through the list of it. But what I I was talking with my son the other night and he's voiced multiple times that he wishes that we could have a house big enough that he could have his own room and not have to be sharing with his brother and have bunk beds and this that wishing that he could have his own room. And I was talking with him the other night and we were talking about the fact that he had been struggling a little bit with feeling a little bit isolated. Typical the typical teenage thing. There's nothing odd about this, but feeling like I don't have as much time with my friends. My friends are too busy. I'm I'm the oddball in the group. I don't fit in. I don't this that or the other. And he's too much like me because I did the exact same thing at his age. But I sat there and I asked and I said, "Do you really think as much as you can get into your head and feel isolated when you're in a crowded house with all your brothers and sisters around you? Do you really think it would be a good thing if God gave us a house big enough that you could actually be isolated in your room all by yourself?" And he sat there for a minute and then finally was like maybe not. And that could be [Music] at least part of the reason that God has me the way that I am and where I'm at. God hasn't given me more because he knows what my kids need. He hasn't given me more because he knows what I can handle. He hasn't given me more because he wants me to be in this place to maybe speak to this person. I can't be sitting there and going, "Man, Lord, why am I just a plain clay pot? Why can't I be a nice crystal vase? Why can't I be this this valuable piece? Why do I just have to be the plain beaten pewer mug or whatever? [Music] But yet, God has made me this way. And God's made me that way for a reason. And I may struggle with the why now and then. I may struggle with, "Lord, I don't understand." [Music] But God just called me to surrender. God called me to surrender and be willing to be used for what I'm made for. And he'll handle the rest. He's promised that he'll make sure there's food on the table. He'll make sure we have a roof over our heads. He'll make sure since I live so far away from church, I'm going to have a vehicle that I can get back and forth from. And God has showed himself faithful time and time again when my car broke down or when different things that he still provided to make sure that we could get to church or he's made sure that we could get food. You know, there when we first moved here, there were times we went down to the food bank. I didn't really like going there, but yet we qualified. They made sure we had food. I'll be the first one to say as soon as I was making enough, we didn't go anymore. But yet, at the same time, God's provided. Maybe he made me be a little more humble sometimes. Maybe he made me be willing to take a little bit of help now and then. But he still provided every step of the way. And he'll still provide for each one of us. He's just calling us to surrender, to be used for what he made us to be used for. The coming of the Lord is near. Giving out the revelation, overcoming sin, temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. [Music] We are the chosen generation. as our pastor comes. We are the generation with a combination of voice. [Music] every congreation. [Music] We are the chosen generation. Aren't you glad that you're that chosen generation? Hallelujah. That chosen generation. Praise the Lord. And I want to be, Amen. a genuine worshipper of that great God, Jehovah. Amen. There's only one religion that has uh that has been proven to be true. Amen. You know, you you as he was going through Islam and Buddha and and uh the Darwin evolution, the different the different philosophies out there. Amen. But there is one that has been proven to be true. There's been one that has proven uh the founder that has died, has raised from the dead, and he is alive ever more to let you know. And and in this generation, God came back as he promised he would. And again, he said before he come that he would send a messenger, a prophet messenger that would that would bring that word and and God would discern the hearts and he would prophesy and predict. What was he doing? He was showing that that God is alive and well today. Can you say amen? The word the word of God is is uh Amen. It's it it's it's it's it's discerning. It knows. Amen. And we're so thankful for that. You you think of you you think of the Bible. Amen. There's 40 different authors authors in in the in the Holy Bible. New Testament, Old Testament. Most of these writers never even knew each other. And and yet you can't find a contradiction in the Bible. The the span of the Bible being written was over a span of 1500 years. And here God's word, amen, just all joins right in there together. Who else could say 800 years before it happened, a virgin shall conceive, 800 years later, the virgin conceived. And then a step further saying that the that the boy would be born in Bethlehem. And then even go further than that. I mean, you can you can go all the way through and how that just just uh uh every prophecy has come to pass even to this day what God said that this day would be like and here we are. So, you know, that that should give us that should give us a a great assurance to say, you know what, I'm going to I'm going to put my life behind this. I'm going to believe it with all of my heart. Amen. And uh and so I'm I'm so thankful for that here today. Amen. I I I I'm want to it it's worth giving my all to. Giving my giving everything I've got. Give it to the Lord Jesus Christ. And so uh we we enjoyed the word of the Lord. Did you enjoy that tonight? Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters see I'm surrender in my hall. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Hallelu. Let the sons and the daughters see. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I see it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints from every nation awakening to sing from our heart the groans an anthem. Oh hear the heavens ring. This is my song my song to the king. Worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I see the bride rejoicing in a song of victory. Every chain of death is broken and they have been set free. Satan's kingdom is defeated. Oh, let bring praise to our Lord. Praise to our king. Worshippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I love you. I love you. I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Amen. What What's that third verse? Is it see the bride rejoicing in a song of victory every chain of death and they Satan's kingdom is defeated. Oh, all heavens bring our our Lord. Praise to our King, worshipers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters sing. Halleluah. Halleluah. I'm surrendering my all. I'm surrender to the king. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Things do not Amen. Materialistic things does not define a man. And it's never meant to define a man. The night, the car you drive, the house you live in, the clothes you wear is never to define you. Amen. It never never it should never define. You should never judge a man by what he's got on. Amen. By by what uh by what kind of a car he drives. You don't you don't judge people by what they own. You judge a man by his character. you judge a woman by their character. And uh uh if that was the case, Amen. John the Baptist, John the Baptist was a very poor man. He was a poor man. And and he lived in a wilderness. John the Baptist. He he came out eating honey and wild locust. Amen. He was dressed in in in uh in sheep skin and and uh uh Amen. He did not have good he did not have hygiene ethics. Amen. The pro the prophet says he didn't take baths often at all. And uh uh he and the people look and the people looked at that man and rejected him. Amen. and he was the prophet. He was the prophet to introduce Jesus Christ. So you you don't look at at at somebody's status in the community or you don't look at and say, "Well, you know that that's a poor man, so he don't have nothing to offer." Well, this one here, he's he's you know, he's a wealthy man. He's got something that has that we we seen the other night Jesus said, "Amen. It'd be easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle uh uh than it would be for a rich man to make heaven. Hallelujah. So, so we we got to see things in the right order. And and uh u but the but the correct decision as as as brother Harry was saying, you you look at what decision that he and his wife has made and the impact it is having on their children. You've made the right decision. It's your children that are going to be serving the Lord. Amen. The two family thing or the two, you know, the the the two uh uh uh people working, it it hurts the family. And so, uh I I I think I think that's a wonderful thing that that he brought up. I would rather have nothing here on this earth and have eternal blessings and bliss on the other side. That's right. And that's what we are preparing for. Amen. And there's nothing wrong with having money. I'm not saying that it. And listen, there there, you know, I there there's a lot of men that have a lot of money and they they have sent uh spread the gospel, helped spread the gospel all over the world. And we appreciate those men. Amen. But I I I I I'm the Lord knows that I couldn't handle all of it. So, he just kept me pretty simple. And uh and and I'm I'm I'm happy being simple. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh uh but I I I just want to let you all know and every one of you uh Brother Harry made it said it several times. God doesn't make junk. He doesn't make junk. Hallelujah. And I don't care who would look down on uh on on anyone in our congregation. You know, maybe someone in the community or someone listen, I it doesn't matter who looks down on who. What matters is is your name is represented in heaven and you've got of the lamb of God. Jesus Christ is representing you. and he so loved you and saw it fit to bring you to the to him and to the church and to find and and teaching you who you are. Amen. We be you come to church every week and the Holy Spirit is just service after service teaching you who you are to to to rise you up, give you a greater faith. That's why we come to church. Amen. We're coming up higher and higher and higher. Amen. Understanding who we are in Christ. Hallelujah. I might not have the biggest standing in the community, but I've got a great big standing in heaven. I guarantee you. And that's what I am pressing for. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, can I hear an amen? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. And and that's what we're pressing on. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, as we get ready to dismiss, um, uh, first of all, we've got Sister Denise's surgery that is going to be this Wednesday. And so, um, we we want to be praying for Sister Denise and and actually um, we will have her to come up here in a minute and and we're going to have prayer for her. And, um, uh, we we have got around 80 racks of ribs that have already been spoken for. And so we have a hundred ribs um that that we had that that we that we have already picked up. And so we've got 20 more racks of ribs that we need to sell. And so man, I appreciate all of the enthusiasm. And uh Okay. All right. Well, we'll get those 20 sold. And uh so uh so we we got uh uh but the enthusiasm and all of the help uh doing this it is definitely going to going to help this year with the um with the deal and so it's just that's just been really nice um everyone working on it and it's been fun actually. Uh I haven't I felt like I haven't pulled my weight as man I I got uh I got I got sick man. It was it was it was a rough it was a rough uh little bit there, but u but God's God's good and I'm I'm seeing daylight. Amen. Um so so we we appreciate that. Um we I we have I I've told everyone just your money that you're collecting, give that to brother Harry and then and then he'll get that to uh to brother Michael or brother Merurl. And um um and then that number number two is we need to collect as much of y'all's money that you guys have been you need to collect from your peoples if you can by that Wednesday so that we we're not going to be if if you don't have the money in hand and they're they're not going to be as apt to come and uh pick up their ribs. So um if you've got their money, they'll be there to get their ribs. Amen. And so we don't we don't want to cook a hundred ribs and only have 50 come up and get it. So we that's that's the reason we do that. Uh number three volunteers on that Friday. Is is there is is Friday when we're doing it? Yeah. Friday. Friday is when uh uh we're we're distributing the ribs. So those there there are going to be those that are going to be spreading or that's going to be um uh delivering. And so any volunteers that we could have on Friday, you you want to help volunteer, uh we're going to be delivering ribs to Perry, to Stillwater, uh different places like that. I'm sure you would be a blessing if you wanted to do that. And so, uh hey, I just I I've just been blessed to see that we got 80 of them spoken for. Amen. And um so we we need to uh you know, Brother Jonah, as y'all have seen, Brother Jonah's not been here. He's he's uh uh he's in Claremore uh with with Bella and and uh boy, don't we miss Jonah around here and uh uh [Applause] I I guess they made a pack or something. Amen. She was coming up here for a while and they're going down. I don't know what's what these kids are doing these days, but uh but we love Brother Jonah. Well, brother Jonah is the one that's going to be he's going to be u smoking these ribs. And so, uh, so we want to pray for brother Jonah and those that'll be helping him. And and again, we do love Brother Jonah. And my goodness, I can't wait to get him back, uh, back over this way. We've been missing him. Amen. And uh uh so uh while we're while we're getting ready uh to dismiss, I want you, Sister Denise, why don't you come up here and let us pray for you? And um Amen. Um the Lord, we just believe in the Lord is going to be with our sister and uh we're going to anoint her with oil and bless. And so anyone that or all of y'all if you wouldn't mind just come up and and um and help us. Hallelujah. Uh God God is going to uh he's our healer. Amen. What What are you playing there? Um why don't you just do you know that song Come Holy Spirit, we need thee. What whatever is easier to play. Just easy. [Music] [Music] [Music] There is no weapon formed against that will that will prosper and we love you and we're praying for you. So let's let's all pray. Father, Lord, you see our sister Denise, Lord, and the blessings that she has been to us over the years, Lord. What an incredible blessing that she and Sister Brother Mike has been to us. Lord, Satan has just hit her every which direction, Lord. And I know sometimes it's Lord, that doesn't mean that she doesn't have a faith. That doesn't mean that you're not hearing her. It just simply means, Lord, that she that the devil may know that that she has something eternal on the inside that he's trying to wear down and get to. &gt;&gt; Lord, you have sealed us with your spirit and there's nothing that the enemy can do. And Satan, you have tried and you've tried, but you have lost and you will lose. We command you to leave her and loosen her, God. I'm asking that you would bring healing to her, Lord. Lord, that cancer that's that's Lord, in her in in her female organs, Lord, and then in her glands. Lord, I I'm just asking for these lymph nodes. I'm asking, Father, that you would that you would cause this cancer to be contained, that this cancer would be taken out, &gt;&gt; Lord, and that you would just totally destroy those cancer cells. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord Jesus, I'm thanking you for your grace and your mercy. And Lord, I'm asking that you would give the doctors wisdom. &gt;&gt; Lord, give them skill. Lord, be with the nurses. Lord, may there be a hand of of of the Lord that reaches down and upon each one of them. Lord, guide them, direct them, give them, Lord. May they take special uh uh uh notice, Lord, and and work very hard, Father. Now, Father, we want to thank you. Now, let your angels be all around that operating room. Lord, sterilize all of the equipment with your holy fire. I pray right now that you will just move through this. And we thank you right now for bringing her out &gt;&gt; and bringing her through deliverance in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; I thank you for it, Father. &gt;&gt; We bless your name. &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. While we're here, let's pray. Let's let's just lay hands on you, Brother Donald. Uh and she's not been feeling well and and so let's just let's just anoint him and pray. Father, Lord, as we lay our hands upon brother Donald, God, and we are we are he is standing in for his wife, Lord, I'm asking that your healing hand, &gt;&gt; Lord, would go back to that house, that you would heal her, and that you would make her totally whole. Satan, you're defeated. And &gt;&gt; God, I'm asking that you would bring her out. &gt;&gt; That you would show your wonderful hand. I'm asking that you would open the shades of her soul, Lord. &gt;&gt; Let the sunlight, God's eternal light, shine upon her, Lord. Oh, let it bring strength to her mind, strength to her body. Lord, that you would bring healing to her, Father, in her spirit. God, we just thank you for it in the name of Jesus. Let her know your love that passes all understanding in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; I thank you for it, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. All right. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you now. Amen. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. We love you. Come, Holy Spirit. I need you. Won't you come? Sweet spirit I pray. Yes. Come in thy strength and thy power. [Music] Won't you come in thine own special [Music]
