################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 2025-06-08 Bro Colby Martin "I Hear The Sound Of Abundance Of Rain" - Colby Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   2025-06-08 Bro Colby Martin "I Hear The Sound Of Abundance Of Rain"
Speaker: Colby Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-1lXiXXdyE
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey Raid up. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, can we stand and sing it together? [Music] Oh, thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. I want to thank you, Lord, for making me whole. Thank you Lord for giving to me. So great a salvation, so rich and so free. How many's thankful for his salvation? Amen. and the joy of your salvation, of his salvation. Amen. Amen. If you've lost that joy, may he restore it. Amen. Like he did David. Amen. He's He's got that restoration. Amen. We heard this morning. Amen. Bringing back. Amen. Amen. The backsliden and Amen. the just uh all his children. He never forgets. Amen. Are you glad? Thankful for the word of the Lord this morning. Amen. There's a scripture said, "I the foundation of God standeth assure that the Lord knoweth them that are his." Amen. Aren't you glad you're his this evening? Why don't we go to prayer? Ask brother Harry to come and open up with prayer. We have some requests. Amen. Uh, one written request from Sister Carol for for Sister Thelma. Amen. Lord, we continue to s restore her. Amen. And body, mind, and spirit and soul. And Amen. And also a request for Sister Carol and her left hip. Let's remember her tonight. And she's asking continued prayer for brother Donald. Don't see him here tonight. And also for sister Angie McDougall who was here this morning. I don't see her as well. And amen. We need didn't get to ask brother Ken about sister Lona, but I had didn't see her this morning. So missed her. So let's pray for her. Amen. For her needs. Amen. Anyone else standing in the need of prayer? Amen. Brother, your son Caleb, where'd he go? Huh? Not feeling good. Okay. Yeah. He wasn't here this morning, was he? Amen. Need to continue to pray for brother Mitch. Amen. That Lord would bless him up there in Alaska still. So remember him. Brother Durn's not with us. Just just so many. Amen. How many believes God's a healer? Amen. Anybody believe God's a healer? Amen. Want to make sure there, Brother Wendell? We've been taught right, I think. Amen. And I know I've been taught right. Amen. So know the truth. Amen. The truth will set you free in in in your body. And Amen. If you'll believe his promises tonight. How many believes his promises? Amen. If you have a need, just lift up your hand to God as we go to prayer. Brother Harry, God bless you. Amen. Let's also remember uh Brother Michael and Sister Amy and the kids. I believe they're heading back. Amen. I don't know if there's any rough weather out there, Brother Wendle, but uh sure hearing some here. So, let's let's remember them. Amen. God bless. We also want to continue remember brother Torrance as he's been down a little bit. So, let's just go ahead and go before the Lord now. Lord Jesus, we come into your presence once more, Lord. Lord, we thank you that we can boldly come before the throne of grace, Lord, to to bring you our requests, Lord, to bring you the the needs and concerns that are weighing on our hearts, Lord, to lift before you our brothers and sisters that are that are struggling in different ways, Lord. Lord, we thank you that we are able to to have that access, Lord. that we're able to have that intimate relationship, Lord, that we're able to to speak with you and that we're we know that you hear us, Lord, and that you respond and that you, Lord, that you're still the healer, that you still answer prayer, Lord. Lord, we bring before you these requests that have been spoken, Lord. And Lord, there's such a long list, Lord. I'm sure I won't remember every single one of them, Lord. But Lord, for all of our elders that have been struggling in body, Lord. Lord, for brother Duran, Lord, and for Brother Torrance, Lord Jesus, and for Brother Donald, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pray that you would just go to each one of them, Lord. And Lord, they Lord, they live lives for you for so long, Lord. They've been a witness for you, Lord. And Lord, I pray that right now you would just reach down and that you would strengthen each one of their bodies, Lord. That you would, Lord, may they just be able to feel your presence right now, Lord. just just hovering near, Lord, as they're dealing with these different health situations, Lord. Lord, we lift before you Sister Angie, Lord, and Sister Carol in her hip, and Sister Thelma, Lord, and Lord, these other ones that that are all dealing with different afflictions in the body, Lord. Lord, my my own wife that's dealing with struggles in her shoulder, Lord. And and Sister Fresca that's been dealing with different health things, Lord. Lord, we're just we're such a needy people coming before you, Lord. But Lord, we know that you're still the Lord, you're still the one that that you own the cattle on a thousand hills, Lord. You're still the one that can that can heal every affliction that we might have, Lord, that can handle every situation, Lord. And so, Lord, we know we don't come just speaking these words into the air for no reason, Lord. But Lord, we come lifting these requests to you knowing that that you can handle each one, Lord. And Lord, we come with the knowledge that we know that you will answer, Lord. And Lord, we just ask that you would touch each one, Lord. that you would heal each one, that you would strengthen each one, Lord, that we would just move forward over the the coming days and weeks, Lord, and that we would just hear the the praise reports of your power once more, Lord, as you've granted healing, Lord, as you've granted strength, as you've granted overcoming power, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that you would be in the range of the service, Lord, be with us in our worship, Lord. May we just set the atmosphere that you're able to move, Lord. I pray that you would be with brother Kobe in the back room, Lord. That you would, Lord, just give him the words to speak, Lord, as he would come up, Lord. I Lord, I know that he's nervous, Lord. I I know what it feels like to be back there. And Lord, I pray that you would just help to calm him, Lord. That you would give him the confidence to speak the words that you've given him, Lord. And Lord, may we draw on the gift that you've placed in your servant. That you would just speak to each one of us, Lord. Lord, we just thank you for your presence, Lord. We just commit the remainder of the service into your hands name Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. To me so great a salvation so rich and so free. So glad I'm yours Lord. So glad I'm [Music] yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Sing it again. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm [Music] yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Last two lines. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours. Oh, if we go to see [Music] Lordes than [Music] silver and [Music] Lord, you are more prone costly than gold. And Lord, you [Music] are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing I desire compares with you, Lord. Lord, you are more [Music] precious than silver. And Lord, you [Music] are more costly than gold. [Music] Oh, more [Music] beautiful than diamond and nothing I desire compares. Oh, one more time. Sounds good. Lord, you [Music] are more precious than silver. And Lord, you are more costly than gold. And Lord, you are much more beautiful than diamonds and nothing I desire compares with you. [Music] And nothing, oh, and nothing I desire compares with [Music] you. Can you shout hallelujah? Praise the Lord. Oh my, so much more. Amen. This world has to offer. Amen. He showed us. Amen. Amen. How to do good and to love mercy. Let's sing that little of course in F. Amen. He He has shown me, oh man, what is good and what the Lord requires of me. He has shown me, oh man, what is good and what the Lord requires of thee, but to do justly, and to love his mercy, and to walk humbly with our [Music] God. Oh, but to do justly and to love his mercy and walk humbly with our God. Oh, he has shown me. Oh, man. what is good and what the Lord requires of thee. Oh, he has shown me. Oh, man. What is good and what the Lord? Aren't you thankful tonight? Oh, but to do justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with thy God. Oh, but to do [Music] justly and love mercy. Oh, let's sing that first part again. Our brothers and the sisters. Oh, man. Oh, he has shown me, sisters, oh what is good and what the Lord requires of thee, brothers. Oh, he has shown thee. sisters. Oh, what is good and what the Lord requires of me. Brothers, but to do justly, but to do justly, sisters, and love mercy. Amen. Maybe that's better. Y'all just do that part right there. Amen. Just repeat what we say. There we go. That's better. but to do justly and to love mercy and to walk with thy. Do that again. but to do justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with thy God and walk humbly with thy God and walk humbly with thy God. Somebody praise him. You get to walk with your God. He walks with you and talks with you along life's Amen. Merry way. Amen. Something like that. Amen. What a privilege. Amen. I believe he still moves. Amen. Let's just sing that on the chorus in G. I believe God still moves. [Music] hearts of belief. Well, it's been a while since we sung [Music] this. God still moves. God still moves. truth and the hearts of believers. God still moves. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. God still moves. Oh, let's go [Music] up. God still moves. [Music] In the heart of believers, God still moves. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. God still moves. God still moves. moves. God still moves. God still moves. In the hearts of believers, God still moves. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. God still moves. God. One more [Music] time. Our God still moves. Our God still moves in the hearts of believers. God still moves. He does not sleep, nor does he slumber. God still moves. God still [Music] moves. Say amen. Oh mercy, it rerode my life. [Music] Oh, God's mercy. It rewrote my [Music] life. When I should had fallen, my soul cast down. God's mercy, it rerode my [Music] life. Oh mercy, it rewrote mine. Can I just have an uplifted hands say, God, your mercy rewrote my life. See, it rewrote my life. Oh, when I should have had fallen, my soul cast down. Oh, it was mercy. Oh, but he redeemed me. Oh, sing it one more time. Oh, God's mercy, it rewrote my life. Oh, God's mercy, it rero. [Music] And when I should had fallen, my soul cast down. Oh, it was mercy that rro my life. I should have fallen. Oh, I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy it rero my [Music] life. Give him a hand clap of praise. Something to tell him. Lord, I'm so glad your mercy changed my life. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. Amen. We got a special treat tonight. Our pastor blessed us with a song that I thought asked him if he wrote it. He said he said, "No, I didn't write it." But somebody that was acquainted with the message, I believe, wrote this song years ago. So, looking forward to Amen. special tonight. Amen. God bless you. Praise the Lord. [Music] I'm not the same that I used to be. And uh so I'm I'm used to always make fun of those guys that had to have these flats all the time. And uh these days I'm using flats, man. And um so maybe this will be I'm singing about a different breed. We sprang up from the original sea. Chosen and elected from the beginning of time. We'll never be a chicken. We won't take Oh, Satan's licking. You see, were born when hers were the eagle [Music] kind. We're an army of believers. That makes us naturalborn deceivers. hopeless thoughts, doubts, and fears we've left behind. While others think of dying, all I've got on my mind is flying. I repeat, that's the nature of the eagle kind. No barnyard bruise can hold us. No chicken coupe can mold us. We'll just keep on going. We'll never lag behind. We're going to keep on growing. This bunch will do more than crowing. I repeat, we're not the chicken worthy eagle kind. We're an army of believers. That makes us naturalborn receivers. Hopeless thoughts, doubts, and fears we've left behind. While others think of dying, all I've got on my mind is flying. I repeat, we're not the chicken worth the eagle kind. No barnyard bruise can hold us. No chicken coup can mold us. But we'll just keep on going. We'll never lag [Music] behind. We're going to keep on growing. This bunch will do more than crowing. I repeat, we're not the chicken worthy eagle kind. We're an army of believers that makes us naturalborn receivers. Hopeless thoughts and doubts and fears we left behind. While others fame dying, all I've got on my mind is flying. I repeat, that's the nature of the eagle kind. Let me try another verse. We're taking on inspiration. We're living the revelation. Our eyesight get cleaner cuz we're not blind. We'll never feast on dead things by the spirit. We're being fed things. I repeat, we are not the chicken worthy eagle kind. Well, I'm an army of believers that makes us naturalb born receiving hurts. The hopeless thoughts, our doubts and fears with love and pain. While others think dying, all I've got on my mind is lying. I repeat, that's the nature of the evil kind. While others think of dying, all I've got on my mind is flight, I repeat, that's the nature of the evil [Music] kind. Amen. So spread your [Applause] wings little eagle and [Music] fly. Oh, you weren't born for the valley. You were born for the sky. Don't let your trials get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Bound up with [Music] wings. Let eagle and fly. Sing it again. Oh, spread your wings, let go and [Music] fly. You were born for the valley. You were born for the sky. Don't let your trials get you down and drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings. Little lean gold and fly. Mount up with wings. Let all eagles and [Music] fly. Amen. Aren't you glad you're an eagle? Amen. Was talking about me. Amen. He called me an eagle. Amen. Cuz I believed Amen. what he said. Amen. She's she's mama eagle. He's mama eagle, how you want to put it. Amen. But uh I believe he's that the great eagles come down among us. Amen. And revealed us to us her his or her majesty. Amen. And the great wings. Amen. That we're under tonight. And looking forward to what God has for us. Amen. Let's just sing this this song. Amen. I'm no longer a slave to sin. Amen. Just pick me out a key there as brother Kobe gets ready to come. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Start with that first verse. You unravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a [Music] song of [Music] deliverance from my enemy. Till all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. And from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. And love has called my name. I've been born again into this family. Your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer slain to [Applause] fear. I am a child of God. Sing it again. [Music] Right through my fears are drowned in perfect [Music] love. You rescued me. So I still say I am a child. Sing that again. You split the [Music] seas. You split the seas so I can walk right through. My fears are drowned in perfect love. [Music] You rescued me so I can stand and see. I am a child of God. I'm no longer Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Thank you, Lord, for I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. For I am a child of God. For I am for I am a child of God. without music. The last lines for I am a child of God. How many can say I am a child of God tonight? Oh my. Amen. We don't have to be a slave to fear for children of God. Amen. Can we go to be B minor? Try this song. I like the song. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Amen. Try this here tonight. I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's hand. And I [Music] know it's going to rain. Oh, at a time when it was dry, not a cloud in the sky, the children of God began to reason why. Oh. So they went to God's men cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Go look. It's written in the sky. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head. And I know it's going to rain. So they opened up the door like that. The seventh time they looked once more. A tiny cloud was rising from the sea. Then they began to understand that a heavy rain was at hand, just like God said it would be. Oh my. Well, now I see. Do you see it tonight? Yes, I do. Oh, I see a clown. Oh, and I see a cloud like a man. And I know it's going to rain. Here we go. So today we have no fear. We know a cloud did appear. The promise free my bride roll through that door. Oh just have faith and just believe. God's spirit you'll receive. The rain is going to pour. Oh I see. Yes, I do. Oh, I see a clown like a man's head. Oh, now I see a clown like a man's hand. And I know it's going to rain for one more verse. Okay. Now the bride is looking above for a chariot rain of love to heal their hearts with peace they've never known. And soon this bride shall be God's unfolding mystery. The promised word has already been sown. Oh, I see a clown like a man's head. Oh, I see a clown like a man's head. Oh, now I see a cloud like a man's head. And I know it's going to rain. [Music] Hallelujah. You believe that tonight? Amen. Amen. I see the cloud. Glory like a man's hand. Amen. God bless you here tonight. If you have your Bibles, like to turn to First Kings 18 and verse one. Appreciate our musicians. Amen. Appreciate Brother Merl. Amen. I enjoyed his song leading today and am a little nervous. So, just uh bear with me here tonight. Did you enjoy the uh the p our pastor's sermon this morning? Amen. I thought it was very good and very timely. Amen. First Kings 18 and verse one. When you're there, say amen. Amen. It says, "And it came to pass after many days that the word of the Lord came to Elijah in the third year, saying, Go show thyself unto Ahab, and I will send rain upon the earth." And Elijah went to show himself unto Ahab, and there was a sore famine in Samaria. Now, if we can drop to verse uh 41. And Elijah said unto Ahab, "Get thee up, eat and drink, for there is a sound of abundance of rain." So Ahab went up to eat and to drink. And Elijah went up to the top of Carbal. And he cast himself down upon the earth and put his face between his knees and said to his servant, "Go up now and look toward the sea. And he went up and looked." And there was nothing. And he said, "Go again seven times." And it came to pass at the seventh time that he said, "Behold, there ariseth a little cloud out of the sea like a man's hand." And he said, "Go up, and say to Ahab, prepare thy chariot." All right? And get thee down, that the rain stop thee not. And it came to pass in the meanwhile that the heavens were black with clouds and wind, and there was a great terrain. And Ahab rode and went to Jezrael. And the hand of the Lord was on Elijah. And he girded up his loins and ran before Ahab to the entrance of Jezrael. Can we just bow our heads here tonight? Heavenly Father, how we love you. Want to appreciate your presence that we feel in our midst here tonight. I'm ask you, Lord, that you'll be with us in this remaining part of the service. Lord, bless your reading of the word. In your name we pray. Amen. God bless. You may be seated here tonight. And we're going to start off with the story just for a moment. The story basically was about a terrible drought. And it says, "Crops dried up and livestock stood in danger of dying of thirst. And in the midst of impeding disaster, a humble minister asked members of his congregation to fast and pray for rain. The entire community was asked to join in a massive appeal to the Lord that in his mercy he would send rain. People gathered joining prayers and hoping to pierce the heavens that seemed to seal life spared moisture from the earth. Among them was one young girl who in an act of sure faith brought an umbrella. It says here she was the only petitioner for moisture who was certain that it was going to rain right that day. Amen. And we talk about wanting the blessings of God. Yeah. But what I'm here to ask, but are are we willing to act like it's already happened? Okay. And if I had any thought here this evening, it would be I hear the sound of abundance of rain. And looking at the definition for abundance, it means an extremely plentiful or oversufficient quantity or supply. It's an overflowing fulfilledness, a a large quantity. It says here, the situation in which there is more than enough of something. I love that. the situation in which there is more than enough of something. So we see from our scripture reading Elijah had a vision after three and a half years of drought and Elijah's vision called for an abundance of rain. Now this vision was given directly by God. Do you believe that? Now the interesting thing is that immediately after God spoke to Elijah, the Bible states that there was a sore famine in the land. All right, what a paradox. God steps into famine and promises an abundance of rain. And we see that God has a way of stepping into the bleakest of situations and promising victory. Hello, somebody. In the times where it's the bleakest part of our life, God promised in those moments that there will be a victory that comes in those times. And in fact, it is those times that God chooses to work the most because when God brings flood out of a drought or feast out of a famine, everybody knows that it wasn't a man that did it, but it was God. It's not your ability, but it is God's ability to work in the impossible. When God comes into a situation and performs the miraculous, you have to realize it is not you, but God. Amen. It was Gideon that God said in Judges 7 and2, "The people that are with thee are too many for me to give the Midianites into their hand, unless Israel von themselves against me, saying, "My own hand has saved me." It was Gyrus's daughter that Jesus allowed to die so he could raise her back from the dead. God delights in working when man cannot work. God delights in bringing answers to situations that have stomped many men. Amen. God delights in doing what men says can't be done. That men say that it is impossible. God says my glory I won't share with another. That God specializes in doing the impossible. God will allow the doctors to perform surgery on the body. But it is God that heals the body. It is God that protects during the operation. It is God that guides the hands of the doctor. Hallelujah. God can use man. Do you believe that? Amen. Hallelujah. God specializes in doing the miraculous. And when we get to our wits end and feel like it's hopeless, that is where God begins to work. Yes. God begins to work when man just runs out of ideas. Okay. When man use all of their abilities to make a an impossible situation work, that is where God can step in and say, "Now it is my time to show you that I can move." Amen. Amen. I love it when my wife comes to ask me to to do something that she can't. And I got to be honest, there's a lot of things that my wife can do. She's very talented. She's a lot more talented than I am. But there's a there's a few things that she needs my help on, like opening a jar. Now, I right that may seem small to the guy, but it's it's it's showing you know what? I still got some muscle here and I can Yeah. Yeah. Patrick's over there touching his muscles. Absolutely. That I can pop this jar open and it makes me proud. Yeah. you know, yeah, my wife can can can can drywall and my wife can do all this stuff that I can't do, but she can't open a jar. So, that's where I come in and what I'm trying to get at that God loves when his bride comes to him when they've done all they can and ask for help. God loves to flex his muscles just a little bit and to show off for his bride. Hallelujah. God says, "Prove me, test me, and see if I can't do this for you." Yeah. Hello somebody. Matthew 19 and 26 says, "But Jesus beheld them and said unto them, with man, this is impossible, but with God, all things, all things, all things, Amen. All things, all things, that healing that you need in your body, that deliverance that you need in your life, all things are possible with God." Amen. It's amazing. Many times when God speaks of increase, it's in the time that we're a at loss and barrenness. This is where faith has to come in. This is where the promise of God will be tested the most in our lives. Brother Brandham says here, it's a very familiar quote, but God loves to test his people. Okay? He will allow certain circumstances in your life to see your response or your reaction to that circumstance. Just because you have trials in your life and and it feels like everything is falling apart does not mean that God is not with you. Just because you have not received your full healing doesn't mean that God has forsaken you. Hallelujah. That's right. God spoke to Abraham and gave him a promise and then immediately there was a famine. Yeah. Yeah. Joseph was was given a dream by God. Then immediately was thrown into a pit and sold into slavery. Okay. David was anointed king of Israel. Then he was sent back to the pastures to tend his sheep. The widow woman was promised increase by Elijah when she was preparing to die. Hello somebody. God promised that he would bring a living breathing army back to life while Ezekiel was staring at their dry bones scattered across the valley floor. Jesus was baptized and then right after was led into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. God's promise is always followed by God's proving ground. Okay. All right. Hello, somebody. It's easy to trust in God in the time of surplus, but what about in your time of barrenness? Brother Mike, it's easy to praise him when the work's coming in, but what about in the time when you have no work and your bank account is looking a little low? It's easy to trust God when your child is healthy and your child is well, but what about the time when your child is sick and it ain't getting any better? Okay. All right. Hello, somebody. It's easy to trust God when his presence is moving in this place and you're with a bunch of believers, but what about the times when you feel dry and you're by yourself? Hello, somebody. It's easy to whip the devil when you have a bunch of believers here. Yeah. But what about the time when you're alone and you're fighting a mental warfare? What about those time? Are you going to place your trust in God? Yeah. Yeah. The greatest test of our faith comes when God says, "I will and we look around and he hasn't yet." Oh my. But just because he hasn't yet, does not mean he's not going to. Just believe. Just because grandpa has been fighting Parkinson's for many of years now does not believe that God has forsaken him. I believe his victory is still on the way. Amen. Hello, somebody. Yes. But in every case, no matter how long it took, God's promises has always come to pass. God has not failed one time. I'm a living witness in the crazy life that I've had that God has not failed me yet. I may have failed God time and time and time again, but God has never failed me yet. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Look to your neighbor and say, "God has never failed." "God has never failed." Look to your other neighbor, Sister Tracy, and you don't have one, and say, "God has never failed." Second Peter 3:9 says, "The Lord is not slack concerning his promise as some men count slackness, but is long-suffering to us, not willing that any should perish." Psalms 126 and 5 says, "They that sow in tears, oh my, shall we joy, he that goeth forth and weeping, bearing precious seeds, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheav with him." Okay? Sometimes when we can't see it, we think it will never happen. Okay? We think that that God has forgotten his word and his promise, but that's where faith has to come in. I know this is simple. Good preaching, but I'm here to to help build up your faith here at New Life Outreach. God's promise has always required a step of faith. Faith is not sight. Faith is acting upon something that you cannot see. In in fact the very definition of faith is found in Hebrews 11:1. Now faith is the substance yeah of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. The NCV version says this that faith means being sure of the things we hope for and knowing that something is real even if we do not see it. All right. Oh my. Faith is simply disregarding my current circumstance and believing God for what he promised me no matter how wild it may seem. Amen. All right. That is faith. Yeah. It seemed crazy to the onlookers when Abraham of 75 says, "We are going to have a child." The scoffers are saying, "Abraham, oh my, you and Sarah are too old. She's barren. She's never going to be able to produce a child of such an old age. And the scoffers today are saying it. It's crazy the way that you're living today. Oh my. It's crazy that you can believe God for something that hasn't happened yet. But don't you worry. One day your faith is going to be a reality. And that breakthrough and that healing and that deliverance that you have been looking for year after year after year is finally going to become a reality because God has never failed. Amen. God has never given a promise. I've given unfortunately I've given promises that I have not been able to keep. But when God makes a promise Hallelujah. When God makes a promise, he's going to move heaven and earth to make sure that that promise is fulfilled in your life. Amen. Come on, somebody. If he promised a body change, he's going to move heaven and earth to make sure that body change takes place. If he promised a rapture, he's going to move heaven and earth to make sure that every word that he's promised does not fall void. Amen. But it takes faith to believe in that. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I believe it. Yes. Yes. Yes. But we have to believe by that six sense called faith. All right. Faith is Romans 4:19. It's talking about Abraham. And being not weak in faith, yes, he considered not his own body. now dead when he was about a hundred years old. Neither get the deadness of Sarah's womb. Faith is simply not giving up on the promise of God, even if it takes three and a half years of drought for that rain to come or in Joseph's case 13 years or Abraham's case 25 years. Faith is simply realizing that I may not see it. I may not feel it. I may not be able to touch it yet. But God said it. I believe it. God said it. I believe it. And not only do I believe, but I will act upon it even when others think I am crazy because God said it. I believe it. I may be like Peter when Jesus told him to throw his nets out again. I may have my doubts, but nevertheless, at thy word, Lord, I will. Hallelujah. Because he said it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I believe it. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that I'm not believing with my five senses. It's those five senses that get you in trouble. But there's another sense. All right. Brother Brandham called it that six sense. It's called faith. That's the realm where we do our fighting. It's in that realm of faith. Hello, somebody. Hope this is okay here this morning. Amen. Let's get back to Elijah for just a minute. Elijah's vision called for an abundance of rain. Not a sprinkle. Yeah. Yeah. Not a heavy doo. Yeah. Not a quick shower. Come on. But an abundance. Yeah. But immediately after the vision was given, the servant saw nothing. Now listen, there had been a drought for three and a half years. Yeah. And the first obstacle, I hope this is okay. My Amen. I hope you can see it. That the man of God had to overcome. Yeah. Was the obstacle of history. You say, "Brother Kobe, what are you saying?" There's many people that says, "It hasn't rained in years." What makes you think it will rain now? Or the devil will tell you that's the way it's always been. What makes you think things are going to change now? We We are accustomed to the famine. Don't try to make us think we can feast now. The way it's always been is the way it's always going to be. How many's heard that? Yeah. Yeah. We've had plenty of people through the years tell us they thought it was going to rain. Nothing has happened. Well, don't get our hopes up yet. When God desires to move in a group of people, he has to change their mindset. Hello, we get in our mind this is all there ever will be for me that I'm always going to be stuck in this condition that I'm never going to see my healing. God has to come down and break that mindset. We are all believers. I believe we're believers here tonight. But sometimes we get weary in our mind and we'll let a little doubt slip in. There'll be times of weaknesses where we're saying, "Maybe this is all there is for me." Yeah. Maybe this is how I'm always going to be. It takes God to come down and break that mindset to let you know that this is not what you were born to be. You do not have to be stuck in this condition. All right? But it takes faith to believe in God and say, "I don't see it, but I will accept it and believe it." Amen. I've been proud of grandpa. He's been struggling with this now for year after year after year, but he's still holding on to a promise that I will be healed. Yeah. All right. There's been many sicknesses going through this church. Yeah. Yeah. When were you healed of your high blood pressure? How many years has been now? 13 years. Yeah. And it seems like the devil has been trying to put it back on my mother again. But I'm here to tell you, if God healed you of it, you're healed of it. We don't have to accept the symptoms in our life. I've been believing with you, mother. Sure. I've been I I've battled with it a little bit. My wife could tell you of that. Yeah. It's no fun. But if God can heal my mother, God can heal me of high blood pressure. Amen. If she has done it for God has done it for a mother, come on. He can do it for you, sister Carol of whatever you're dealing with. If God has healed the body once, he can do it again. Because if God ever does something, he has to do it again. Because he says, "I am God and I change not." All right. And we get so used to living in that same old condition that we grow comfortable living with that hurdle, that mountain, that circumstance, whatever it may be that you're fighting here tonight. But just because God hasn't moved yet, doesn't mean he can't or he won't. It doesn't mean he's powerless. Hello, somebody. God is testing your faith to see if you will truly believe what he has said. And I've come to tell New Life Outreach here tonight that I hear the sound of abundance of rain. We have had a little bit of a dry spell in this church. It doesn't mean that God is finished with this church yet. That means we've got to start digging our valley full of ditches and start expecting God to move once again. We get so used to coming to the church and and having a ritual and doing the same thing over and over. Why not do something different and expect God to perform the miraculous again? We get so used to our circumstance, it's time we grab our shovels and we begin to dig ditches and say, "God, I'm expecting an abundance of rain here tonight. I don't know about you, but I know I am. Yeah, I'm sick and tired of living dry. I'm sick and tired of living with the same hurdles. I am sick and tired. It is time that we begin to reach out through faith. Amen. And say, I believe it. Amen. All right. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Somehow we have to be able to believe that God can do more for us than he's ever done before. All right. God can't do anything in the midst of people who won't believe. How many believers do we have in the building? All right. Amen. And because we're believers, we want we believe. We believe. That's what believers do. Amen. Remember the story of the blind man that went up for prayer. Brother Brenham asked, "Do you believe?" The man said, "Yes." I'm just paraphrasing here, so forgive me. Brother Brenham said, "Go then go on your way. You are healed." The man left the prayer line not seeing. Okay? So the next thing you see is the man is back in the prayer line approaching brother Brandham again and he says, "I thought you said I was healed." Yeah. And brother Brandham said, "I thought you said you believed." So what did brother Brandham tell him to do? Anyone can anyone tell me? Go out confessing. Go out believing. So the next thing you see is this blind man on the street corner. Extra extra. Read all about it. Thank God I'm healed. Yeah. Extra extra. Read all about it. Thank God I'm healed. Yeah. What was he doing? He was putting his faith into action and believing for something that had not happened yet. Come on. You say, "Brother Kobe, I'm I'm still feeling an ache in my back. Do you believe that God can heal you?" Yes, sir. Then go on confessing that God has already healed you. I believe with Brother Donald and Sister Angie on the sicknesses that they've been fighting. I believe God can touch that heart. Yes, I believe God can do a miracle before the doctor even performs surgery. But if God has to use the doctor, I believe in that he will give a total healing to brother Donald. I hear the sound. It's time that we start believing for God for miracles once again. Hallelujah. It's time that Kobe Martin begins to put his faith into action. Amen. Once again, this man came to the conclusion that no matter how silly he looked that he was going to believe and confess that God had already healed him. We know the story that God healed him sitting in a barber's chair. Yeah. Hallelujah. And it's time that we throw that garment that's been identified and tying you to that condition you've had year after year. It's time to start identifying with a new identity and saying, "I'm no longer identified as a beggar or as a man that's fighting cancer or whatever it may be, but I'm going to identify myself under his word that by his stripes, I am healed. I'm free. I'm delivered. I know this is simple. I just pray you can catch it here tonight." Hallelujah. Amen. Bless the Lord. Skip some of this here tonight. Praise. Genesis 23:19. You're going to have to help me pronounce these names because I don't I don't know if I can pronounce them. And after this, Abraham buried Sarah his wife, in the cave of the field of what? Yeah. Before Mamry, is that what that is? Mamry. The same as he uh I can't even say nothing right now. He in the land of Canaan 24 and verse one. And Abraham was old and and well stricken in age. And the Lord had blessed Abraham in all things. Let's turn to Genesis 25 and verse one. Then again Abraham took a wife and her name was what? Coutura. Okay. And she bare him. Ziman. That right. Joshen meeting. Midian. that whatever these words are and what and shua. So we see here that God wasn't done using Abraham. All right. After Sarah died, God gave him what? One, two, three, four, five, six more children. Abraham says here, "I'm old, but God has blessed me with a son." Yeah. And if he did it then, he'll do it again and again and again and again. We got to come with that attitude. If God has done it once before, he can do it again. Okay? If God can deliver once before, he can what? Do it again. Do it again. If he can set the captives free once before, he can what? Do it again. If he can provide a turkey, yeah, for my grandmother because she wanted the turkey, he can what? Do it again. Do it again. If he can fill my grandpa's truck full of gas when he was on E and he did it back then, he can what? Do it again. He can do it again. There is no circumstance that you can go through that God hasn't already performed a a miracle once before. Well, you say, "Well, this this may be new to God." There is nothing new to God under the sun. No matter what you're dealing with right here, it may be a mental warfare that you're fighting right now in your mind tonight. God can bring peace to the mind. God can bring peace. Hallelujah. God can heal you physically. He can also heal you mentally. All right. Hello, somebody. Amen. Amen. I hope this is okay. Praise the Lord. Amen. You say brother Kobe, I've been in a drought. It's been a long time. Like I got used to this condition that I am in. Yeah. Don't give me any hope. You know, with that attitude, that's the reason we can never have be delivered. is we're comfortable where we're at. But unfortunately, I'm come here to give you hope, to say that God can take you out of that and give you a fresh mind, can give you a body that's healed and restored. He can restore marriages. Amen. Amen. I believe that I'm almost done. Go ahead, brother. When a preacher comes and preaches a message and it builds your faith and says things don't have to be like they've always been. Yeah. Rain is on the way. So you get up the next day. You're full of faith. Then you're full of expectation. You rush to the window of the kitchen. Yeah. You look outside and it's just like it's been the previous three and a half years. A cloudless sky. Oh wow. Oh my bright sunshine. All right. There's no crops. Dust is swollen everywhere. Come on. Come on. And where grass is supposed to be? It's just a brown tundra. Yeah. Yeah. How many likes grass? I like grass. I could not live in Arizona. I like grass. But there was no grass because it was so dry. And then your faith begins to plummet because you were believing and expecting rain. You had your hope so high that maybe today will finally be the day that things change. Okay? It's just as the Bible says that after the promise, there was a sore famine in the land. After the promise that God makes you and I, there may be a famine in your lives. And there were times I remember that I said that this was never going to happen. That things were never going to change. It's just me getting my hopes up, but I but I kept going through that window wishing and waiting for rain. Yeah. And I never seen the rain. Yeah. But one day Oh my. Come on. One day I went back to that window. Yeah. And I begin to see some rain splatter. Yeah. your expectation become a reality in your life. Yeah. Hello, somebody. I couldn't explain it. I couldn't understand it. But the rain that was promised began to pour. It is not all that big. It's it's a pretty small about the size of a man's hand. But I see a cloud. Hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. I'm stepping out on faith again. brother and others see smallness. I see abundance. I hope this is okay. And maybe it's just a glimmer of hope, but you take hold of that and you hold on to that promise because your miracle is on its way. Glory to God. Oh my. Hallelujah. We'll skip some of this here. Zechariah 4:10 says, "For who shall despise the day of small things?" Yeah. God promised Abraham's seed as the sands of the sea and the stars of the sky. But it started with one baby boy. Amen. Jesus fed 5,000 on a hillside one day. But it started with two fish and five loaves of bread. God created this vast universe. All of it in six days. But it started on the first day simply creating night and day from nothingness. Yeah. Things that look small through the eyes of the natural become huge when you look through the eyes of the spiritual. I hope that's okay. I wonder if anyone this evening in this place can say, "I hear the sound of abundance of rain." I know you've been six times already, but this is different. On that seventh time, I hear the sound of abundance of rain. Brother Brandham says here, "Why the skies? It hadn't rained for three years and six months." Brass. Brass speaks of divine judgment. The brazen altar judgment upon the nation that had forgotten God. Brassy skies. Yeah. Yeah. Wish we had time to get into it. But then unbelief would have picked that up and thrown it away. Well, if that's all you can send me. Yeah. But what did Elijah see when he seen the very first wheel turn? Oh my. He said, I hear the sound of abundance of rain. No cloud. No bigger than that. What would it do to water a nation? Yeah. Why? If the cloud is so it's so hot in them skies that it would have woof vaporized it. Vapor would have went away like that. But as soon as Elijah saw the first sign, the first little teeny move, he said, "I hear." Hallelujah. The sound of abundance of rain when it's just a cloud that big. Yeah. Brother, I believe that right now at this moment that the power of the Holy Ghost is in this room to heal every sick person there is. that you can feel the cloud the size of a man's hand screaming a holler I hear the sound of a perfect healing God has to you reject and say well I didn't get nothing then they'll die out the hot waves of hell and doubt will fade it out of your soul but when you get that little grain of seed stand on it is not like the rock it's the rock of ages stand there and you will feel the sound of abundance of rain. You are God's child. Satan has put the affliction upon you. And you know what? God or Christ has already healed every one of you. Amen. Isaiah 58:9 says, "And thou then shalt thou call, and the Lord shall answer. Thou shalt cry, and he shall say, here I am." Amen. Amen. As the musicians come now tonight, if we could raise our cups to the Lord, I and expect the miraculous to happen in this church. I know I I believe it was Brother Daryl that said, "Here's my truck, Lord, not my cup." Cuz I don't want just a cup full. Yeah. I want a truck full. I want God to move. Once again, how many can say, "Lord, it may it may it may be just me here tonight, but Lord, I I need something from you. I'm raising my cup, Lord. Lord, we need you tonight. Forgive my chopped up way of getting this out here, Lord. But Lord, I've had a burden upon my heart. Seeing all the different sicknesses many people has been fighting in their bodies. Lord, seeing how the devil has been attacking the mind of the people. And Lord, we can go through dry spells in our walk. We can get so dry and so tired from this this life that we live in. Lord, I pray that your rain falls aresh over this congregation here tonight. Lord, heal the broken. Hallelujah. All the ones, Lord, that are fighting in their body, I pray that you'll heal them tonight. Lord, you promised it. We believe it. And that settles it. No matter how long it takes, we know that your promise is on its way. If we can simply not look through the eyes of doubt, but through the eyes of faith and realize that we may not have our answer, but we know that your answer is coming. Touch each member here tonight, Lord. Maybe this message was just for me and what I've been going through in my own life. But Lord, I I pray that there is something spoken here tonight. Lord, help us to look past the eyes of doubt and the different things that the enemy will try to place upon us and get to that sixth sense. Lord, may we see that in that realm all things are possible. We may not feel it, but we believe it. Lord, we may not see it, but we believe it. Glory to God. We're believers. That's what believers do. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for your love and your mercy. Your name we pray. Amen. And amen. Let can we go to F? Let your healing waters flow in this place. Let your healing waters flow in this place. You're the giver of life, giving new life. You're the living word of God. Oh, let your healing waters, oh my, flow in this place. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Oh, mighty waves of power followed by your grace. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Sing that now. Let your healing, is that your prayer tonight? Lord, may your healing waters fall aresh on me. Yes, Lord. Waters flow in this place. You're the giver of life, giving new life. You're the living word of God. Oh, let your healing waters flow in this place. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Oh mighty waves of power followed by your grace. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Oh welcome Holy Spirit. Oh [Music] my we are in your presence. Oh fill us with your power live inside of me. Can you just sing that now? Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in. Oh, we are in your [Music] presence. Fill us with your power. Word. Live inside of me. You're the living waters and you're the living [Music] waters ever flowing [Applause] fountain and [Music] counelor take complete control. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Grant it, Lord. Let your healing waters flow in this place. Sing it now as I turn it to our pastor. You're giving new life. You're the [Music] living [Music] [Music] Glory power. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Lord, [Music] you're [Music] Glorious God. [Music] [Music] heart, Lord. [Music] I'm coming from God. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Bless the name of Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Bless the name of Jesus. [Music] Your [Music] refresh your refreshless. [Music] Thank [Music] [Music] you. Jesus. [Music] is glory. [Music] I say, [Music] can we stand and sing it now? Oh, I trust in God, my savior. He's never failed you tonight. F. He will never fail. I sought the Lord. Oh, I sought the Lord. How many can say that from experience? He's answered me. Oh my. He's heard. He's answered. I sought the Lord. He's heard. He's answered. That's why I trusted. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord. He heard. He answered. I sought the Lord. He heard the answer. I sought the Lord. He heard the answer. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God. My Savior, the Lord will never fail. He will never fail. I sought the Lord. I sought the Lord. He heard. He answered. Thank you, Lord. I sought the Lord. He heard. He's never too busy. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord, he heard. He answered. I sought the Lord. Thank you, Lord. I sought the Lord. He heard, he answered. That's why I trusted. That's why I trust in God, my savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. Oh, I trust in God. [Music] My savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust. Oh, I trust in God. Oh my. [Music] You're the one who will never fail. You will never [Music] fail. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? Oh my God is so much bigger the troubles I face. Why would I hunger and why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Thank you, Lord. Cuz my God is so Yes, he is. that all of these days I won't be shaken. Oh, I won't be [Music] shen. I won't be my God [Music] is to the mountain. It's time to [Music] move. Oh my God is big and great. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Oh my enemies. [Music] The battle. Oh yeah. They know the battle is done. Oh my God is stronger. The victories already won. Hallelujah. Oh, died for my ransom. Rose up the third day. Oh my God is greater. Hell in the grave. I won't be shaken. [Music] Oh, I won't be moved. My God is faithful. I believe it. I believe it. His promises are true. So I'll speak to my mountain. [Music] Oh, you've got to move. Oh, my God is bigger, stronger, stronger, greater than you. Oh, let's sing it again. Oh, I won't be shaken. No, I won't be. [Music] Hallelujah. My God is faithful. His promise they've never fail. Oh, speak to this mountain. [Music] It's time to move cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger, greater, bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Spread your wings legos and fly. You born for the valley. You were born for the skies. Don't let your troubles bring you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with wings. Little eagle and fly. Hallelujah. So spread your wings, little [Music] he. You weren't born for this valley. You were born for the sky. Don't let the trials get you [Music] down or drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with [Music] wings. Little he go and fly. Oh, let's sing it again, shall we? A spread your wings, little geek fly. You weren't born for the valley. You were born for the skies. Don't let your troubles get you down or drive your spirit to the ground. Mount up with [Music] wings. Little eagle and fly. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Win peace like a river [Music] my way. Maybe two. When sun rose like the bell blows road, should I try it? [Music] Whatever my lot thou has taught me to say it is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Where with my [Music] soul? It is well. Glory to the lamb. Glory to the lamb. my soul. [Applause] [Music] Though [Music] Satan should buff it, though [Music] trials should come, let this bless assurance control that God hath regarded my helpless state and has shed his own blood. Oh, glory to God for my soul. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It is well. It is well with my soul. With my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Let's try one more [Music] verse. Oh my sin. Oh the bless. Oh the bliss of this glorious glorious thought. Think about it. All my sin, not in part, but the whole is nailed to the cross and I bear it no more. H praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh my soul. It is [Music] well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well. Shall we try another verse? Oh, isn't there a wonderful presence? And Lord, haste the day. Yes, Lord. When my faith shall be sight, the clouds be wrote back as a scroll. This is true. This is true, folks. For the trump shall resound and the way shall descend. even soul. It is well with my [Applause] soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We walk by faith. We're in this world, but we're not of this world. The trials of the world are very real, but so is the relationship with God. Very real. We walk not by sight, but by faith. [Music] We're in a [Music] control just as there is a radio station that can beam their their channel up to the satellite and that can be transmitted all over the world that Bill Gates enlightened station that we listen to here that you listen to on your car on that channel. Bill Bill Gaither bought the enlightened station. I've been I've been up far north where where you can't that you can't even get to them. You have to either get fly in, ride a boat in, or drive across the ice when all the legs freeze over. You go up into those tribe of those tribes of natives up there. You can you can go way way up there. I' I've been up there on the Hudson Bay where they they've had to fly us in. There's no other way to get there but to fly. And that channel that channel can still be listened to. It's because they are connected. All that is required is somebody being able to hook up to that satellite. We've got a living Lord Jesus Christ. We've got a living Lord Jesus Christ. And all we have to do is he just he just beams the satellite right down to every one of the believers. And we've got little receivers in our in our hearts. That receiver goes right back. We're able to talk with the Lord. You say, "Is he real? Jesus Christ is just as real as the as as as just as real sitting there in the thrones of heaven as as in that fourth dimension where there is a real place where there is a disc jockey sitting behind an an enlightened desk moving all of the the records and the or the CDs or whatever whatever they do things by these days. There is somebody controlling it physical somewhere controlling that that is sending sending the signals out. And if that can happen in that fourth dimension, then how much more in that seventh dimension where there is a living Jesus Christ, a living body that God lives in. And in our little church right here today, you can feel his presence and you can hear his words of encouragement right into your heart beaming to you right now. And it doesn't matter whether you're in the lion's den, it it it somehow makes it to the lion's den. I don't or whether you're in the whether you're in the well's belly, somehow or another, God just beams it right there. And it's the channels of faith that comes down to every one of our hearts. Only a believer can know that. Don't take that for granted. Never take it for granted because it's God's love to the believer. It's an eternal thing. Can you say amen? Do you love him with all of your heart? Amen. Yes. Now, when you're radio station, you can't beam your song back to Bill or whoever's Bill owns everything in the gospel world, but Amen. You You can't be beam your your I guess you can through text, but here tonight, you don't just have a receiver, but you have a sender. You've got angels that'll take your requests right back to God and tell him what you're thinking, what you're believing. Well, can you say amen? Do you love him tonight? God bless you. I was hoping to pray for brother Donald tonight uh when they uh in the service and um uh but we want to continue to pray for brother Donald as he is going to be going in for surgery and and um so I I think the insurance things and what whatever has to uh you know transpire for the they're going to they're going to be taking care care of all of that. Uh the surgery on the 17th and um and so you know that's that that's that's a long time to be sitting around thinking, "Okay, here in a few days I'm going to have all of my chest ripped open, you know, and all of those kinds of thoughts, the anxiety." Yeah, if you going to do that to me, just do it now. Amen. Get your pocket knife, whatever. Amen. Let's just get this thing done. that sterilizing and then uh so the the anxieties and things that that I know I would be facing if I was the one that that's uh got this procedure coming if so let's let's pray for brother Donald now brother Donald is a friend to every one of us and if you if you can't love brother Donald well you need to get right with God. Amen. And uh because brother Donald is just how can you not love brother Donald and and so let's let's be praying with brother Donald and u I love him very much. Love an Angie. And so um since we can't gather around and and um uh and pray for him, of course, you know, we might be able to do so Wednesday night, but um because it's see when is the 17th? Okay. All right. So we So we still will be made uh yeah maybe this next Sunday we can do that. Okay. But uh so we we want to um we we want to thank God for for for doing that and just keep him in our prayers. Amen. And um dad just hasn't been doing very well at all and got choked the other night out at the lake and and uh been choking quite a bit lately and so Caleb gave him a Heimlick and and uh got him to breathe in again. And uh so we're thankful to the Lord for that. And uh I said, "Well, he was he fell, you know, he fell the last Sunday and here at the church and cracked his rib and and then u so I was sure worried about his rib." He said, "Listen, I'd rather hurt and be able to breathe than uh than to not breathe." And so, um, we we just want to keep him in our prayers. Uh, brother Torrance has, you know, brother Torrance fell. So, he is he's he's really bruised up and didn't break anything, but he had fallen a couple times and then fell pretty pretty hard and u and laid in the floor for quite a while. And so, um, uh, he's he's not he's he's in a wheelchair right now. And so those of you that can make u send a little text or a phone call or something from for brother Tren or better yet take some food over to him. Uh brother Tarn still loves to eat good food and u it would lift his spirits I'm sure and we thank God. He he told me he told me is that Sister Angi Sister April's been like an angel to him and taken good care of her father-in-law. And so um she she just really appreciated he really appreciated her and just told me how much that uh she meant to him. And so um so we want to keep keep brother Torrance in our prayers. He's 85 and u the Lord has blessed him and and we we're we're we're very thankful he didn't break his hip. Uh very very thankful he's just he's just really sore and and then just get trying to get his strength and things. Just ask the Lord to help him with his equilibrium. And then um uh I've I've noticed brother Ken back there doing some coughing. So we want we want to be praying for him. And that's also another thing brother brother uh uh brother Torrance has got that [Music] uh is it bronchitis? So he's got that bronchitis and that that bronchitis is man he he you know you get to coughing and just hard to quit coughing and so u uh so we want to pray for brother Ken and sister Lana we sure we sure love them very very much and u uh so we pray that God will be with sister Lono and u so you All I can say is is we're getting close to going home. Now, saints, this message has been to give us a clear-cut view of Calvary, a very clear-cut view of your position. You cannot be in your position as long as you're in defeatism. Defeatism has got to be expelled from our minds and our hearts. Defeatism will never make a rapture. It'll never You can be humble and meek. Jesus was meek and humble. He was meek and humble. I could do nothing except the father, but he knew his position. I come from God and I go back to God. So defeatism isn't humility. Defeatism has nothing to do with humility. Amen. Humility is my strength comes from the Lord and he has exalted me. He has placed me in this day in a position of bride. Amen. And no man marries a woman to go around moping all the time and how bad and pitiful she is. She has to be proud of her man and he has to be proud of his woman and they are to work in harmony and love. Can you say amen? God don't want us under his feet. God wants us by his side. God don't want to drag us. God wants us by his side. God don't want to have to turn around and tell y'all. He will, but he don't want to have to turn around and tell you, "I told you I love you. Come on, I love you." Come on, let's let's let's believe what our what what our heavenly groom said. If he says, "I love you and I'll never forsake you," then believe him. Believe him, right? Believe him. Stand by his side. And if he says the works that I do, you can do too, believe him. If he says you can sign a check, then believe him. Amen. Stand with your man. Stand by Jesus Christ. Can you say amen? Amen. Amen. God bless you. We love you. We appreciate you very, very much. Amen. Praise the Lord. Greater is he that is within me. Let's sing this as we dismiss. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, Satan's like a roaring lion roaming to and fro, seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells me so. Many souls have been his prey to fall in some weak cow. that God has promised us today is overcoming power. Oh yes, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he. Well, God bless you. You're dismissed in the fear of the Lord. press the battle. Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind flew in through the upper room and baptize all of them with the power greater than some earthly folk. And I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, greater is he. Yes. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that's in me than he that is in the world. God is greater than them. We got to get that verse. In me. Oh yes. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, on the day of Pentecost, a Russian mighty wind blew into the upper room, baptized all of them with the power greater than any earthly foe. Oh, I'm so glad I've got it, too. going to let the whole world know.
