################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-17 - Pastor Matt Morse | Feeding on the Revelation | 07-16-25 - Matt Morse - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-17
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse | Feeding on the Revelation | 07-16-25
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fu974TYjVE
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] the Holy Ghost behind him. press it out there and watch it come to pass. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's God's army. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. His word of fire. His army is all dressed with the ever presence of himself in there going with us. I'll go with you. Be in you. Not you that speaketh. The father that dwelleth in you. He doeth the words in his army. He presents his army and in the form of five offices first apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, evangelists. That's his army. That's his soldiers. That's his commanding officers. All with the baptism of the Holy Ghost waiting out there to meet the enemy on any grounds he comes upon. Come meet the enemy with the word of God. Each one backing one another up &gt;&gt; with him the chief captain. Not out there in front up here above, back behind, but in him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the army &gt;&gt; vindicating. Vindicating what? His resurrection. &gt;&gt; By the proof of his works. John 14:12, Jesus said, "He that believeth in me, the works that I do shall he do also." &gt;&gt; What is it? It's God in the church in these five predestinated offices backing up every word that he said with the Holy Spirit himself in there which is the word made manifest proving his resurrection proving that he lives [Music] He's alive. Oh, hand well. Oh, he's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Applause] Oh, and he's the same yesterday. Oh, today and forever. Jesus. Oh, if you believe that this evening, let's all stand and sing it once more. Are you witnesses now? Oh, he's alive. Oh, and well, he's living in me to tell the world. Oh, that he is the same. Oh, and he's the same yesterday. Oh, today and forever. Jesus is alive. Oh, sing it once more now. Oh, and he's alive and well. He's living in me to tell the world. Oh, that he is the same. Oh, and he's the same yesterday. Oh, today and forever. My Jesus, he's alive and well. Oh, do you believe that this evening? Aren't you thankful you serve a risen savior tonight? David Paul, will you open the service in a word of prayer? [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. You may have your seats. How many you came with an expectation to hear something from the Lord this evening? I would not be tonight. I would not be tonight. Oh, when pains of death ceased on my soul, unto the Lord I cry. Oh, till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied until Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, now as Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord. Oh, and inant with the courage I stood upon his word. Oh, now I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Oh, till Jesus came and made me whole, I would not be deny. Oh, now won't Satan say that my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh my praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord he is here. Oh now I would not be denied. Oh no I would not be denied. Oh till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, now old Satan said that my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done in Christ the Lord, he is here. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Till my Jesus came and made me whole, I would not be. Oh, let's sing that verse once more. You see, old Satan said that my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. Oh, but I got good news tonight. Oh, praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord, he is here. Oh, now I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Until Jesus came and made me whole, I would. I'll sing it once more. Oh now I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. until Jesus came and made me whole. I would all just once more now. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh yes, I would not be denied until Jesus came. Oh, I would not be tonight. Oh, hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of I'll sing it again now. I'm singing. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my Oh, let's magnify him. Oh, and magnify. Oh, he's worthy tonight. Oh, yes. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh, and magnify the Lord with me. Oh, for he is worthy to me. Hosana, hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Yes, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, and glory, glory to his name. Oh, he lives and reigns forever more. I'm singing. Glory, glory to his name. For he lives and reigns forever more. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. I'm singing Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh, for he provided all my needs. Oh yes, Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh, for he provided all my needs. Oh hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock. I'll sing it once more. Hosana. I'm singing hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this evening. Aren't you thankful for that rock this evening where we can go? Oh, there's a river of life. There's a river of life. And there's a river of life flowing out from me. Oh, it makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. It opens prison doors and sets the captives free. For there's a river of life. I'll sing that part again. Oh, and there's a river of life flowing out from me. He makes the lame to walk, blinded eyes to see. He opens prison doors, sets the captives free. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up, oh well, within my soul. Spring up, oh well, and make me whole. Spring up, oh well, and give to me. Oh, that life. I'll sing it once more. Oh, for there's a river of life flowing out from me. Oh, it makes the lane to walk. Blinded high to see. He opens prison doors, sets those captives free. For there's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up, oh well, and make me whole. Spring up a well and give to me oh that life. Spring up a well. Oh, and spring up a well within my soul. Spring up, oh well, and make me whole. Spring up, oh well, and give to me. Oh, that life abundantly. [Music] And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy. unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been told. And I have found his grace is all complete. He supply every need. Oh, while I sit and learn at Jesus feet. Oh, I am free. Yes, free indeed. And it is sure, unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is sure, unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, that half has never yet been told. And I have found that hope so bright and clear, living in the realm of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smiling face. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half. Oh, let's all stand and sing our last verse. And I have found the joy no tongue can tell. How its waves of glory roll. And it is like a great or flowing well springing up as the brothers come for the offering. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. So full of glory full of glory it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh the half has never yet been told. Oh give him a hand clap for praise this evening. You have that joy tonight. Certainly good to be here. Brother Phil, will you pray over the offer? [Music] [Music] Oh my God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, my God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hand. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart and he's off. If you believe it tonight, sing it once more. Oh, for my God is not dead. He's not dead. He is alive. Oh my God. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. I'm singing, "God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, my God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me." Oh, give him a hand clap of praise and see if you believe that tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Sister Hannah Cwell has a song special for us tonight. So, as you make your way, let's sing that chorus just once more. Oh my God's not dead. He is alive. Oh my God. He is alive. Oh my God. He is alive. Oh, I feel him in my hand. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. Oh, he's all over me. Amen. after her. Sister Destiny, if you'll have song this way to sing [Music] this [Music] little [Music] weak But he is strong. Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. [Music] Jesus loves me. I know for the help don't want to they are weak but he is strong love me Jesus loveves Yes, Jesus loves me. Tell me so. [Applause] [Music] One night while on life's ra looked as if I would suffer defeat as the blackness of night closed off light. My heart sank in fear. Oh, when my desperate cry ring out in cry. For when all I could see was no hope inside. With faith all but gone. I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. [Applause] He came looking for me. Anyway, [Music] when there was no way that I could see when I drift before Jesus was here just to rescue my soul and calm all my fear now you walk the storm came looking for me. [Music] [Applause] Oh, Satan had already kicked out my bra. His plan has move forward just to put me away. I dream of so far. Would anyone care? I took me long. Well, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Jesus appeared this old boy mine that was saved from all harm. And I met the one who came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. Oh yes, he came looking for me. Oh, away when there was a way that I can see. I was born. But Jesus was here just to rescue my soul. Calm all my fear. I save from my heart. Cuz I met the one who came looking for me. Oh, Satan had already healed down my grave. His plan had moved forward to put me away. And I drifted so far. Would anyone care? I assumed you lost. Well, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Jesus appeared. He said, "This one is mine. Oh, I'm saved from all harm." Cuz he walked the storm. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. Oh, we made a way when there was no way that I could see. When I drifted before, Jesus was here just to rescue my soul and calm all my fear. I'm safe from all harm. He was my storm. came looking for me. Now I'm safe from my heart cuz he walked my storm. He came looking for me. [Music] Oh, give him a hand clap of praise tonight. Aren't you thankful he came looking for you when you were waiting out in darkness thinking nobody cared for you but yet he decided to walk into your storm cuz you have a seed inside of you that says this is my child and he belongs to me. Aren't you thankful for that tonight? &gt;&gt; Then you can truly say yes &gt;&gt; Jesus loves me. &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful for that? &gt;&gt; Oh he's so good to us. Aren't you thankful that for that amazing grace? &gt;&gt; Oh let's all sing that song. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound. Oh, that save a regret like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, was blind, but now I see. Oh, was grace that taught my heart to fear. Oh, and grace my fears freely. Oh, how preious did that grace appear out. I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God my savior. Yours ransom me. And like a flood his mercy raise. Oh it's unending love. Oh, let's sing that first verse once more. Oh, an amazing grace, how sweet. Oh, is saved a wretch like me. You see, I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. I was blind. Oh, praise God. Now I see. Oh, for it was grace that taught my heart to feel. Oh, and grace my fears really. Oh, aren't you thankful for that grace? How precious in that grace appear. Oh the hour I've heard. So now I sing. My chains are gone. Oh I've been set free. Oh my God my savior. Your ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. Oh, now the Lord has promised good to me. All his work, my faith secures. Holy will, my shield and for me. Oh, as long as life did endure, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my save. Yours ransome me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns unending love. Oh, let's all stand as we sing that last verse now. Oh, when the earth shall soon dissolve like snowmen, the sun forbade to shine. Oh my God who called me here. I remember [Applause] I set free my God my [Applause] [Music] ransom me and like a flood his mercy reigns Oh, unending love. Oh, I'm singing again now. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my save. Yours ransom me. And like a flood, oh his mercy reigns. Oh, unending love. And like a flood, amazing praise. Oh, and like a flood, his mercy raised, unending love. Oh, that amazing grace. All give a hand clap of praise this evening. Oh, aren't you thankful for that grace tonight? Oh, he's so good to us. Certainly good to feel him here this evening. We invite our pastor to come. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like his presence. Oh, nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, nothing like the present. Nothing like the present. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. Oh, there's joy in his presence now. Oh, there's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Oh, joy in the presence. Joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. Oh, I'm not the same. I've changed forever. Oh, if you need healing tonight, there's that here this evening. Oh, there's healing in the presence. Oh, healing in the presence. Oh, healing in the presence of the Lord. There is healing in his presence. Oh, healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of Oh, and I'm free. Yes, I'm free his presence [Music] in his presence. Not the same forever in his presence. [Music] Yes, I'm free in his presence. I am healed in his presence. I'm forgi. I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. I'm changed forever in his presence. Amen. How many is free &gt;&gt; in the presence of the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't he a wonderful God tonight? Amen. What a powerful thing to know God and the power of his resurrection that we could stand tonight in the presence of God and knowing that we may not have the ability to to do much in this life but what we have been given the ability to do was to create an atmosphere that this the King of Kings would come and stand present amongst his church. Amen. I believe he's here tonight. How many loves the Lord tonight? Won't you give him a hand clap of praise? And what an honor to serve the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; I mean, we just love God and all that he does for us and just such a a blessing just to be able to be a a son of God and just thank God for all that he's doing and and just want to welcome everybody here tonight and just trust that the Lord would be able to say something that would be a help to you tonight. I sure appreciate our regular folks, home folks and visitors and and had to kind of put Brother Caleb on the spot there. So, but brother Caleb, he's made our church his home church and he's he's moved down here and so we sure welcome him, brother Caleb. Bless you, brother. Amen. He feels like God brought him here for a reason and wanted to and yeah, brother Joey. Yeah, he said, "I bet he did." But no, he he you know, the Lord really the the church has made a big impact in the ministry here and and certainly just wants to move on to the next phase of his life. And so we just want to support him. Amen. And so we appreciate appreciate him. Okay. God bless each one of you tonight. And how many just love the Lord? Amen. &gt;&gt; How many love the presence of the Lord? Amen. Isn't he wonderful? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many loves his word? &gt;&gt; Amen. Sure to have our deacon back with Morgan and his family and went on their uh trip there. And they everybody needs a break every now and then. So we trust they had a good a good time and and they brought back Kobe. He he left as a kid and came back as an adult. He he done turned 18, too. So we got all these new adults in the church and and they're going to some some lucky girl is going to come and sweep him off his feet now just just down the road here. So, but we just we just appreciate all these young men and having a desire to serve the Lord. Amen. And it's just something to have uh just see young men and women coming to that age and and uh and having a desire to serve God and wanting to uh you know, even those that are getting married and starting families, but they want to start them the right way. And you know, we may not do everything right in this life, but if we only get that right, we've got everything. Amen. And that we could all have a desire to serve God. You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just want to remember uh a prayer request for Sister Lesie tonight and her family. Also, Brother Cody and his family uh be traveling this weekend. Ask the church for prayer. Uh our meetings uh there I'm I'm speaking for brother David Siler uh this weekend in the back to school meetings. Me and Brother Wayne will be there Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Um, also, Brother Ben uh is hosting the meetings up in Hardy. So, for those, Brother Andrew will be speaking at that meeting. So, u just you're certainly welcome welcome to go there. Brother Ben is extending an invitation as well. So, we just want to remember the meetings that are coming up and we we just we just want to feast on the word. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads together and maybe if you have something on your heart tonight, just lift your hand to the Lord. And I know God knows what we have need of and he's just been on my heart all day and just dealing with my heart and just thank God for for for thinking of his children. Amen. Let's just pray together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you tonight. Lord, what an honor it is to stand in the presence of a king. And Lord, knowing that we don't have the ability, Lord, to be able to speak to anyone's life, Lord, to make any kind of a change or a help, but Lord, we know that you are able. And Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord, that you would come in a supernatural way. And Lord, may you take this word of life and Lord, may you speak to every heart. And Lord, could you help us to get out of the way, Lord, as we surrender to you tonight, Lord? God, to ask you to have your way in this service, Lord. Every need that would be met, Lord. Those that need healing would receive their healing, Lord. A spiritual touch. Lord, I pray that you would touch each one, Lord. That we'd leave this place knowing that we've been in your presence, Lord. We thank you for all you do for us. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. We just appreciate those songs. Enjoy the specials tonight. And I just want to get right into the word of God. And Lord, put this on my heart. but it's been burning on my heart all day. So, just want toh just to get out of the way and let the Lord come. And how many wants to see that tonight? Amen. Just allow the Lord to come and speak to his church. We want to read out of the book of Matthew, the first chapter. Uh we're going to have three uh readings. Uh the first chapter of Matthew, then we'll read out of the book of John the 4th chapter and then John the 20th chapter. So, um we'll start in Matthew the 1st chapter and the 19th verse. Matter of fact, I'll just back up to the 18th verse, one verse. And of course, this portion of scripture is speaking uh of after that Mary was found uh with child. The Bible says, "Now the birth of Jesus was on this wise when his mother Mary was a spouse to Joseph." In other words, that she was engaged to be married. Before they came together, she was found with the child of the Holy Ghost. And then Joseph her husband being a just man and not willing to make a public example was minded to put her away privately. But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary, thy wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost, and she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sins. And I also want to read out of John 4, and we'll read from the 25th verse. So John the 4th chapter in the 25th verse. This is the story of the woman at the well after Jesus began to speak to her and discerning her life and things that was going on in her life. Uh notice how that she responds. She says, "The woman saith unto him, I know that the Messiah cometh, which is called Christ, and when he comes, he will tell us of all things. And Jesus said unto her, I that speak unto thee am he." &gt;&gt; Amen. Now in John the 20th chapter and we'll read out the 24th verse. Now this is uh Thomas remember Thomas that doubted who Jesus was uh after the crucifixion. And so here when Jesus would come to the disciples Thomas couldn't believe uh that he would actually be able to be there. So the Bible says but Thomas one of the 12 called Ditimus was not with them when Jesus came. And the other disciples therefore said to him, "We have seen the Lord." But he said unto them, "Except I shall see in the in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe." But after 8 days again his disciples were within, and Thomas with them, they came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, "Peace be unto you." Then he said to Thomas, notice they didn't tell Jesus everything that was uh that Thomas was battling with, but Jesus certainly discerned it. And he said to Thomas, "Reach hither thy finger and behold my hands, and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side, and be not faithless, but believing." And Thomas answered and said unto him, "My Lord and my God." So I want to speak tonight using uh this scripture as a foundation but I want to speak on feasting on the revelation. As you take your seats feasting on the revelation. Now here these three scriptures you know they they seem to be three uh a completely different stories but I just read them uh showing that these scriptures were all doing the same thing. It was Christ being revealed. So all three scrip scriptures was uh the revelation of Christ. One is he was being revealed before his birth. one was revealed just before his death and the last it was him being revealed after his resurrection. So all three times we see that uh that that it was Christ being revealed. So uh we realize that one being before his birth, one before his death, one after his resurrection. In other words, that uh you realize that all of time that is recorded is about is in one of these three dispensations. all of time, everything in history, all of time, uh, anything that we ever read about happened in one of these three dispensations. It was either before Christ was born, while Christ was on the earth, or after his crucifixion. So, uh, it it it covers everything and all of time. So, we realize that each one of them was all three different dispensations of time, but in every dispensation, there was one thing in common. It was that Christ was revealed. So, it didn't matter where, what portion of time that you come in. uh this is the one thing that's always in common that Christ has always been revealed and uh you know last Sunday as I was speaking on the life of Abraham and it kind of got into that the Lord had just led me uh into this thought and and uh and we were uh going through the life of Abraham and and how that God had called him to sojourn into uh into this uh uh land and and to go and and make his walk with God. And uh we realize that Abraham in his life uh that that Abraham wasn't a man that was born to wealth. He wasn't a man that was great wealth. It was matter of fact, if you looked at Abraham's life, maybe you would look and say uh that God seemed like he blessed everybody else except for Abraham. He wasn't uh he was not a man of great wealth. He wasn't a man of great stature. But uh you can't ever find anything in the history of Abraham where he was a complainer or complained about his situation. But you know uh when you look through history you also can't find anything recorded of anything meaningful that ever happened in his life. There was no uh nothing to be written about. It would seem like he had an uneventful life. It seemed like that there was nothing great ever happened. There was nothing great ever recorded. There wasn't uh nothing that was worth writing about. You know, you can look at Abraham's story and you kind of you kind of feel like Abraham sometimes. There wasn't a lot of things that went on or a lot of great accomplishments that Abraham made before God called him. uh there really was nothing that ever happened. No fame, no wealth. And uh maybe even Abraham was a man that most people wouldn't even known who he was. He wasn't uh he wasn't some great popular man or something like that. And you know, I thought about Abraham in that way. And I thought, you know, maybe the the the world may have not have knew who he was. And the people in the land of may not knew nothing about him. They may not know who he was. But uh the one thing that mattered most is that God knew who Abraham was. And I thought you that's the way it is. You may not mean nothing to the world and you may not there may not nobody know you but as long as God knows you that's what really matters and and God knew Abraham and you know you uh many times when you look at the life of Abraham maybe you say well Abraham was called of God because he was a great man maybe Abraham was a great man of war but that really wasn't the case maybe he was a man that had a great gift but actually that wasn't the case at all and uh you know I thought about even uh even uh whoever it is in the Bible that anytime uh that We think of great men or great women in the scriptures and uh most of the time we have to put these people in a classification that they're almost superhuman in order to even talk about them or to read about them. You ever done that when you read about Bible characters? They're they got to be some super men or super women or superhuman or or or they have some super gifts because after all God used them. So there must be something really spectacular about their life for God to be able to use them. And that's the way that we perceive the uh the people in the Bible that we read about. And you know, I think a lot of times I think it's the devil that puts that in our mind. I I think Satan does that to separate you from them kind of people. I I think he does it so that when you read about these people in the Bible that you can say, "Well, I'm not like them after all. You know, I could see God using somebody like Abraham, but you know, I'm really not a man like Abraham was. And you know, I don't have the strength that Samson had. So, you know, I I certainly couldn't live like that. Or I don't have the faith of that Sarapheneician woman that that would crawl through the crowd and claw away to God. Or or I don't have the courage like David had to go down and and stand in front of a giant. Or the courage like Ruth had that would that would walk away from all that she knew in the land of Moab to follow her mother-in-law into a place that she had never been. Or maybe uh you think of the Hebrew children say, "Well, I don't have the resolve that they have that they would be able to walk into a fiery furnace and not be able to bow down to a uh to an image and be able to have the resolve just to stand on the things of God." And you know, they had these special gifts and these special talents and these special powers in their life that allow God to be able to use them. And I think that God that Satan does that to make you feel like that they're such a super class of people and then suddenly you begin to feel like a nobody. And and now that you're not a super class like they are, therefore God can't use you like God used them. So God couldn't take you into the valley of Eli like he did David. He couldn't take you into Bethlehem like he did Ruth. And he couldn't take you through a fiery furnace like he did the Hebrew children because after all, you're not a super class like they are. You know, so when you think about Abraham, the life of Abraham here, uh Abraham was the father of faith. The Bible would say he was the father. He was the father of our faith. You realize that the actually actually Abraham was the foundation of the entire Bible. One man, he was the foundation of everything we read. He he was the man that God called and out of Abraham he made the nation of Israel. The entire Old Testament Bible is written about Abraham, God calling Abraham. how that he how that this this nation came out of the boughs of Abraham. It was the rise and the falls of the nation that all came from father Abraham. But then when you turn over the New Testament, it's the faith seed of Abraham and how that it was prophesied that there would come one that would be after father Abraham. So everything in the Bible comes from that one foundation of this one great man by the name of Abraham. So so it's so easy to take and look at him and think my he must have been some great man. after all that if all the Bible's written about Abraham and everything stem from Abraham, well, he must have had this great religious background and he must have been raised in this great religious culture and he must have had all that built into his life that when he came to this age uh this 75 years old that God would be able to use him. But I read what the prophet said. He said, you know what he said? And when I think about Abraham back yonder, he said, I find that Abraham was just an ordinary man. He wasn't any more than any other man. A matter of fact, he would talk about his family. He said his father, maybe his father was an idol worshipper that come out of the land of Chaldia. You ever thought of that? He didn't come out of some great religious family, but his father was an idol worshipper that come out of Babylon. That you remember Babylon how all the people in the world were scattered, but under the great nation of Babylon, it brought all the people together. they created this great nation or this great organization, this great this place where people could come to and they worship roots of trees and worship uh the nature and all these different things that they worship you know that was all started uh built by Nimrod these great cities and idol worship and and all this came out of Babylon and this is the place where Abraham's family had came from it wasn't a a great religious background after all but he came out of Babylon and and as his father came from this place and they pulled away out of that group Here Abraham comes 75 years into his life and God all of a sudden appears to this man Abraham and says Abraham come and follow me. Man, if that don't speak of election, I don't know what does. That God could take a man's life that wasn't a religious man that didn't come from a great religious background, that wasn't built up as some super man or some super stature or that didn't have some super gift, but he was an ordinary man just like you and I. That God could call him and say, "I want you to come and walk with me a little while." That God could take an ordinary man that came out of an ordinary background. His father, they had to work for a living. He didn't care to get his hands dirty. He wasn't no special pampered person that was pampered up to where God could use him when he got to a certain age. But he was ordinary just like you and I. And God called him and said,"Abraham, won't you come and walk with me?" &gt;&gt; And then everything in Abraham's life begin to change. The Bible tells us of the story of Abraham and how that he spent his life on a journey with God. But I want you to notice this that before Abraham went on this journey that first he had to separate from his past. He had to he separated from some old teaching. He had to separate from maybe from some old theology and maybe uh maybe he had to he had to get away from it long enough that he could be free in his spirit with God that he could actually follow God. &gt;&gt; And so when Abraham would approach God, brother Mark, he would approach God with an open heart. So he took he had to take everything that was in his past. I'm I'm I'm going to get somewhere. He had to take everything that was in his past and at some point he just had to drop it and leave it and let it alone and let it be buried back there and not be able to be brought up and just carry on and allow God to be able to use him. See, it took a separation. Brother Ram said he separated himself and he went into the desert and he took the way with the Lord's despised few. He said, and that should be our attitude tonight is to take the way with God's people. Regardless of whether it's hard or easy, we ought to take the way with God's people anyhow and be ready to go at any time, wherever God might call you. See, God was calling Abraham to a place. Now, watch what Abraham, he didn't know where it was, but he knew one thing. In order to get where God was calling him, he had to separate from his past. &gt;&gt; That's what he knew. I know there was a lot of things he didn't know. Abraham didn't know what his calling was. He didn't know what God was going to use him for. He didn't know the battles that he was going to have to face. He didn't know what would happen. uh in in Sodom and Gomorrah, Abraham wasn't God didn't give him all those great things, but he just said, "Come and walk with me." He may maybe he didn't even know the purpose that God had for him, but he knew he was supposed to walk with God. And he he didn't know where he would even end up, but he started out in that direction. I think that's the way every one of us done. Whenever we were young Christians and God called us, I didn't know what God was going to do with my life. I didn't know where I was going to end up. I didn't know what God would use me for. But I made a commitment when God called me, "Lord, wherever you lead, I'll follow. where wherever you go, I'll just be found tagging along behind you just trying to be my best to be in the will of God. &gt;&gt; But every one of us when we start this walk, we we start questioning things that would take place in our life. Maybe great trials and great things, experiences that happen. And every one of us can say this same thing that many times we questioned. Am I doing the right thing? Am I in the will of God? Am I am I following what God told me to do? Am I am I at the right job? Am I doing everything? It just seems like, you know, sometimes I it seems like when I look around at everything, maybe I'm not doing anything right. And you know, you start to question your experience. And but I want you to know something about Abraham is he didn't know everything. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. He didn't know everything. But let me tell you what he did know. He did know that God called him. And he did know that he had to separate from things in order to get where God wanted him to be. So can I say this to you tonight that if you want to grow spiritually, here's one key for you that spiritual growth demands separation. And that was Abraham's first step. It it it demands that we separate from things. We have to cut things off. I I'll just say it like this. A call to follow God is a call to separate from the world. A call to follow God is a call to separate from idols. It's a call to separate from family belief. It's a call to separate from family tradition. It's a call to separate from old theology and man-made theology and worldly things. See, and then whenever you separate from those things, then all of a sudden your journey no longer becomes about your past and your and your failures of your past and all the things that you went through. All the things you've been dragging along all your life. And when you start that walk with God, brother Mark, all of a sudden your journey is not about those things, but your journey becomes about your relationship between you and God. &gt;&gt; And the past don't matter no more. Everything in Chalda stayed in Chaldia, the land of stayed in the land of the family problem stayed in the family. But when Abraham was walking in the wilderness, he was walking on a journey with God. And the only thing that mattered anymore was his relationship between him and God. The Bible said, "If you love the world or the things of the world, the love of God is not in you. We have to separate." Brother said, "God requires a complete separation from all of the world." Somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Abraham separated. He went out into the wilderness. Yes, sir. He was trying to get to a place that God was calling him. And the Bible says, "But then Abram, he passed through the land unto a place of scum into the plain of Mory. And the Lord appeared unto Abram and said, "Unto thy seed will I give this land." Somebody say this. &gt;&gt; Notice when he started his walk, he didn't know what this was. &gt;&gt; He didn't know what land he was going to. But when he got in the middle of this land, I love the word because the Bible says, "I will give them this land." &gt;&gt; So here, God identifies it. This is what we were speaking on Sunday. And the Bible said he built an altar to the Lord who appeared unto him. See, I want you to catch this portion is that Abraham was standing in it and then God revealed it. &gt;&gt; Amen. See, so here's a key to understanding Abraham's walk with God is his revelation only came after separation. &gt;&gt; So here he had to separate from things. He had to cut things out of his life. He had to he had to take a walk with God and he had to walk by faith not even knowing where he was going. He didn't have all the answers to all of his questions. But after he separated and he went out, then he got right in the middle of it and God said, "This is the land &gt;&gt; that I have given you." See, it takes separation. It took separation to see the promise. It wasn't something that Abraham could see from a far off. And that's I think that's the way it is. Most people look at the life of God or the life of a of a believer and they look at it from a ways off and say, "Well, I don't know if I could live like that. I I don't know if I could go to church down there at Grace Tabernacle. I I don't know if I could live like they live. I don't know I could dress like that. I don't know if I could act like that." See, and and they're trying to to judge it from a long way off. But let me tell you what Abraham had to do. He just had to go down there and get in the middle of it and walk with God by faith and say, "Well, I don't know what it is, but for some reason, God has pulled me here and some reason God has called me in this direction." And then when he got in and he obeyed the call of God, then when he got right in the middle of it, the revelation came from God. This is why you're here. &gt;&gt; This is your purpose of being here. &gt;&gt; See, he had to walk in it in order to see it. &gt;&gt; It's so hard to do from a far off. He had to walk in it in order to see it. He had to walk by faith and just follow God. And when God put that inkling on his heart, you go here and follow the follow follow me and you come follow. He had to follow the the the will of God in order to be able to see what God was even promised to him. See, had God and think about it. Had God not identified it, he would have never even recognized it. Abraham would have walked right through that land. That's how much he didn't know it. But when he got down in there, God said, "But this is it." &gt;&gt; See, so what God makes us do is separate. And then whenever we separate and we take a step and we start walking by faith, all of a sudden you'll get right in the middle of it. And one day, God just says, "This is it. This is what I called you to. This is what I brought you here for. This is what I raised you for. This is why you came through what you came through. This is the purpose of being here." &gt;&gt; See, a lot of times we got to get right in the midst of something before we can see it. We're right in the middle of of what God is doing in our life. every I I friends almost every time &gt;&gt; we're right in the middle of what God is doing in our life and we don't even recognize it hear that God has something for you and we can't even see it. Have you ever looked at the promises of God coming to your life a far off that I'm gonna oh I see just up the road there's going to be such a joy that's going to come in my life in a few weeks I'm going to have such peace in a few weeks all these trials are going to be over in a few days you never look at them a far off but right when you're in the middle of it is when God reveals things to you and opens things up to you said see so sometimes you're right in the midst of something you can't see it we're walking all around the promises that God has given to us wondering if God is ever going to come through. &gt;&gt; We'll walk right over it. Pray to God. Ask God for something. Ask God for help. We're walking all over it. And here here you are. I don't know if God's ever going to do what I asked him. And I prayed and ask God for an answer to my question. And you know, I'm asking God for leadership. I've been doing everything I'm supposed to do. After all, I praying. I'm getting no answer. I've been standing, but I get no direction. I I'm a believer. I've been going to church. I've been serving God. I've been feeding on the word of God. But really what we need is a revelation is that we're standing right where God wants us to be in the midst of the greatest trials in our life. The best thing that could happen to us is to recognize that we're standing where God wants us to be. It ain't about how bad it is or how big our trials are. But just because there's trouble around you, it don't mean that you aren't where God wants you to be. &gt;&gt; Just because there's great troubles, many trials that we all face, it don't mean that you're not standing right in the will of God. Can &gt;&gt; I take Job for a minute? &gt;&gt; The Bible tells us the story of Job and how that we find Job sitting on a an ash heap, a a pile of ashes, a heap of ashes. And the Bible said he was sitting and scraping bulls off of his body because he had had received such terrible news. His barns had burned to the ground. His his fields had been burned. His crops had been burned. All of his possessions have had been lost. He was a man of great wealth. They had uh so many great things. He was a man of God, a righteous man, a prophet of God. He had done all these things, right? But now everything in Job's life had fallen apart. &gt;&gt; He had lost his children. He had lost his his his livestock. Everything that was precious to him had been lost. And you know, when you when you read the life of Job, you can't ever find another man that was in worse shape than Job was in. &gt;&gt; Terrible shape. &gt;&gt; And he was sitting on a heap of ashes. Yet, he was a righteous man. Amen. &gt;&gt; Everything had fallen apart, but he was a righteous man. &gt;&gt; And here, whenever you listen to Job, you can you can you can start to pick up Job was in a miserable shape. &gt;&gt; He he was miserable. He the things that he says, it was it was spoken as true misery. He he was a man that would just soon be dead. He if he could just if he could just just take my life and let me be done with it. He he was in that kind he was in that kind of a shape. And because he was in that shape, because everything around him had brought him to this place, he begins to question and he asked these questions. You know, if a flower dies, it comes back in the spring. If a tender branch would fall off of a tree, it brings forth life again. He said, "But if a man die, shall he live again?" You notice why he's asking these questions? Because he had 10 children that had just died. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; So, he begins to ask, "All this happened, but what about if a man dies, can he still live again? all the days of my life, appointed time will I wait until my change come. And notice even while he was in this state and begin to question all this and ask these questions that his friends and family come around him and they start giving him all kinds of reasons why everything was wrong in his life. Isn't that just just like a good friend? &gt;&gt; Things start to fall apart and they come around start telling you, "Well, you know what? If you wouldn't went down there to that church, then that wouldn't you wouldn't had your car wouldn't have broke down. Or if you hadn't went over to that meeting, then you know what? You may maybe nobody would have stole the money out of your bank account, you know, if you hadn't went and got baptized like that. Well, maybe your children wouldn't be all these things that people just the silly things that that our friends and family come up with &gt;&gt; because of our calamity. &gt;&gt; So, they start giving Job all these things and things that's happened and all kinds of reason why he was in this shape. I love what Job says. He said, "I've heard I've heard many such things and miserable comforters." All of you are. Uh, all of y'all are the most miserable comforters that God has ever sent to anybody. Y'all, y'all are the worst comforters I've ever seen. Y'all, here I am in the time of distress. I've lost my children. I've lost my home. I've lost my job. I've lost my lifestyle. Everything that I have, I've dedicated my life to God. And all you can do to offer comfort is to point out, well, where'd you mess up? And you must have failed God and you must have done something wrong. And maybe you ought to check your life. He said, y'all are miserable comforters. Come on. &gt;&gt; He said, I if I had, he said, if I if I your vain words, is there any end to it? He said, if I could speak as you do, if your soul is ever if you're ever in the shape that I'm in, I pray that I wouldn't heap them kind of words on you that you're heaping on me. &gt;&gt; He said, I pray I don't shake my head at you like you've been shaking your head at me. He said, but I wouldn't speak those kind of words. I would strengthen you with my mouth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Job giving him a little correction. &gt;&gt; He had found no comfort. Think about it. He had found no comfort in his own thoughts. He had found no comfort in the words of his friends. He was in a terrible condition. But notice that one thing happened that changed Job's perception of his condition. &gt;&gt; Right in the middle of all of this, Brother Joe, one thing took him off of an ash heap &gt;&gt; where he was sitting and cutting the bulls off his body with pieces of pottery. It was a revelation that came from God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. See, you know, there's a lot of revelations that you can get. There's a man can, you realize a man can reveal things to you. Certainly, a man can reveal all sorts of carnal things to you. A man can teach you how to fix a motor. He can teach you how to wire up wiring. He can teach you how to build a building. A man can bring all sorts of carnal revelations to other men. But when it comes to spiritual things and things of God, then it takes God to reveal it. And see, this is the condition that Job was in. He wasn't dealing with man problems or flesh problems. Job was dealing with some real spiritual problems. He was in a he was in a terrible state spiritually. So, he began to call out to God. But then all of a sudden, the God of heaven came and brought a revelation to Job. Brother said, "Here's what we need." He said, "May God begin by his spirit to give us a continuous lifegiving and prevailing revelation." That's what the church needs tonight. He said if the church could get a fresh revelation and become by it the living word manifested then we would all do the greater works and g glorify God our father which is in heaven. That's why the prophet would say that we should pray for revelation more than anything else. It was revelation that changed the man Job's life. It was revelation that that that changed everything about it. He said that's what we need. It ain't just here. It ain't just in northeast Arkansas. But a prophet said in every city in the United States the world over, it needs a spiritual revelation of the resurrected power of the Lord Jesus Christ. It'll stop all juvenile delinquency. It'll make broken homes reunited again. It'll make this country so dry that bootleggers would have to be prime 30 minutes to get enough moisture to spit. I'm telling you that what we need today is not a social affair, but we need a gospel that's preached in the power and the demonstration of the Holy Ghost back to a fellowship with the Lord Jesus Christ. Again, I know what happens with people today, they say, "Well, if we're going to have healing, then we need faith. If we're going to be saved, then we need faith. If we're going to believe, then we need faith." But let me tell you, said that there's all kinds of people that can believe it. There's all kinds of people that can't believe it. And there's all kinds of people that try to make believe it. &gt;&gt; He said, but in the audience of people when they come through these prayer lines, he said, you'll find out that there's some really good people and some will say, I'm trying hard to believe and then there's some that's trying to work themselves into it. Some can't do it at all. And others come through and it's just by grace. It seems like it's just given to them. Here they receive their healing. He said, but here's the difference. It's a real revelation. says see because faith is a revelation from God &gt;&gt; and it must be revealed first. So in order to get anything from God it first takes a revelation. You realize realize what Job had. Job all of the sudden he got a revelation of the resurrection. It was a revelation of resurrection power that and whenever Job caught this revelation, brother Mark, notice what it done. It gave Job a whole new outlook on life. Notice as everything he starts to talk about begins to change, as he perceives things, it begins to change. Because when he got a revelation of the power of resurrection, a a resurrection power and what it meant for a man to go into the ground and come back again. Oh my. Then Job, he be to think about what he had done for his children. He said, "I made my sacrifices for my children. Therefore, they are saved. I met God's requirements. Therefore, all hope is not lost." when it looked like I lost everything, but really I actually gained it all &gt;&gt; because his revelation changed. It changed his outlook on life. &gt;&gt; He said, "For I know that my redeemer liveth and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth and though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God." &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. that Job's whole whole life begin to change. He said, "If a flower has redemption and a tree has redemption, then so does a man have redemption." &gt;&gt; Friends, I say if a prophet of God here when he caught that revelation that God could send a redeemer and redeem a fallen man. &gt;&gt; That very revelation is what will get you through every trial that you ever face. Amen. &gt;&gt; You realize this life is a few days and it's full of trouble &gt;&gt; in this life that that it's always it's filled with death and anxiety and depression and and emotional ups and downs. It's a it's a life that's filled with all kinds of sadness and heartache and and and and pains in this flesh, all the things that we go through. But Job caught a revelation that will get you past all of that. &gt;&gt; Said, "In my flesh, I will see God." &gt;&gt; Y'all hear what he's saying? in my flesh &gt;&gt; I will see God &gt;&gt; that I have a redeemer one day I'll resurrect into an eternal rest &gt;&gt; this is why Paul would preach this message he said see brethren he said the flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God neither does corruption inherit incorruption &gt;&gt; but I show you a mystery we shall not all sleep but we shall all be changed &gt;&gt; some of us will go by the way of the grave Some of us go in a rapture. One thing's for certain, we will all be changed. &gt;&gt; He said, "In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, &gt;&gt; and we shall be changed. &gt;&gt; For this corruptible must put on incorruption, this mortal must put on immortality. So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, that death has been swallowed up in victory. Oh death, where is thy sting? And oh grave, where is thy victory. I love a man that can mock death because he recognized the power of resurrection. He said, "Death, where is thy sting?" The greatest fear that man has is death. The greatest fear that the thing that we're afraid of is what can come and take our life. But Paul could stand right up in the face of death and has such a revelation. He said, "Oh death, where is thy sin? And great, where is thy victory?" When he caught that revelation, he realized that sin can't have a victory over a child of God. Somebody say amen. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about life. The trials of this life. When you look at it, you can look at your trials and say trials, you've lost your victory. Death, you've lost your uh your sting and pressures, you've lost your ability to hold me down. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because I know who I am. &gt;&gt; And from whence I came and where I'm going. I know that this life is just a few days, a few short years, 70, 80, 90 years if you're lucky. You might get out of this life in the face of eternity. It ain't nothing but just a spot, just a blip on the radar. &gt;&gt; The revelation that these men of God &gt;&gt; caught. And I realize that each one of us, you think about this tonight, that every one of us have had our own ash heap. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Think about yours. You realize each one of us, we have may had many of them. We've all had our own ash heap. We've all had places in our life that that we were sitting and holding the remnants of our own efforts and the the pieces of our failures and things that &gt;&gt; that we had built and we picked up pieces of our of our life and held them in our hands and pondered on how that things got into that kind of shape. failed relationships, failed jobs, and failed failed commitments, all the many things that we've done that just seem like it fell apart. We've all had our own ashes. And most of the time, it hits you the hardest whenever you feel like you're doing everything right. I didn't do nothing wrong. I felt like I was following the best I could to be a an upright man and do everything that God called me to do. But now everything in my life has fallen apart all around me. And I want to ask you this. What does what do you think an ash heap actually represents? When you think of an ash heap, you see, most time people would look at it and say, well, you know, it's all the great trials and things that had happened and the the failures that had happened and all the the things that had happened in Job's life. But that really that's not what an ash heap is at all. It's not a when you when you think of the the reference of a person sitting on a heap of ashes. But Mark, it's not the trials. It wasn't it wasn't it wasn't all the things that had happened in Job's life that was that was the the metaphor. But but it actually what it is it was when Job was sitting there and he was pointing out everything bad that had happened in his life. So it wasn't the ash heap was not all the things that had happened, but the ash heap experience was the spiritual state of a man following a trial. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So when you say, "Well, they're sitting on an ash heap." Well, it ain't that there's trials that's happened. It's the spiritual state of a man because of his trials. &gt;&gt; See, everything had failed around Job and now he was sitting there had gave up on everything, questioning everything about his life. He was scraping bulls off of his body, questioning things of God. Qu brother Mark, his spirit had been torn down to nothing. So, so this ash heap experience is is the state of the man after these trials and things that befallen his life. So, see, it was it was such a a terrible condition. You say, "Well, you say, "Well, Job was on an ash heap." Well, the reason he was, it was his response to his trial. It broke him down. Job wasn't up cleaning up debris. He wasn't building rebuilding barns. He wasn't out there with with with some servants and and trying to clean up his land and replant crops. None of that was going on. Job was sitting on an ash sheep. It was talking about his spiritual state &gt;&gt; because everything around him had fallen apart. &gt;&gt; He was mourning his losses. He was licking his wounds. I say it like that. &gt;&gt; In other words, he was in a state of self-pity &gt;&gt; because of the things that had taken place in his life. &gt;&gt; But in the middle of all of this, this is when God showed up &gt;&gt; here. Because of his spiritual state and because of the condition he was in spiritually, God came in a whirlwind. He began to speak to Job and he brought him a revelation of the resurrection. Hallelujah. Come on, &gt;&gt; brother Mark. That revelation, it caused my I don't know about y'all. It just does something to me tonight. &gt;&gt; To think about what it caused that man to do, a man that had so much happened in his life. And it caused him to stand up again and go back to work and say, "Well, we'll just have to build another barn, and I guess we'll have to go buy some more sheep and some more oxen, and I guess we'll have to get some more camels, and well, we'll have to find some more servants, and we're going to have to go go out and plow some lamb. We're going to have to get to work." And the Bible said that the latter state of that man that God doubled everything that he had lost. &gt;&gt; And Job caught such a revelation. See, that's what it takes is a revelation to get us to this place that we can receive a divine promise of God. It changes our whole spiritual state is a revelation of the resurrection. You know, there's many people that find themselves in these state just like you and I. I was thinking about the disciples and one day the Bible tells us the condition after the crucifixion that they were in a state of such discouragement. Think of how that that that they were so crushed and disappointed because this man that they were following had been crucified. But Abram tells the story. He said they had seen their savior, the one that they had loved and had seen him even raise the dead from the grave. And they seen him do that and think there he was lay cold in a grave himself this morning. And he said those people who had seen him open the eyes of the blind. They seen him stand there and perceive the very thoughts that was in people's heart. How did he know that they had say that that them that were coming after him? How did he not know if he knew the thoughts that was in people's heart? How did he not know Judas was going to betray him? If he knew the thoughts that was in people's heart, how did he not know that there were soldiers that were coming up the mountain that have stabs and swords? If he knew all these things and he and he had that that ability or or that gift, how could he not perceive this? How could he not perceive their thoughts? But Abraham said, "See, but what was taking place is the devil was working on them trying to pull them onto an ash heap." That's right. &gt;&gt; So here, because of a condition or something that had taken place in their life, and they started to lose their faith, and then their mind begin to go back. Well, well, why didn't if if Jesus was really all that he said he was, and he ought to do that, did the whole time, look what the devil was doing, he was dragging him right up and ashy. They they they could find this place where they would just completely give up because all their hope was lost. He said, "See that they he was dragging them, trying to drag them up an ash sheet." But let me tell you something. God will never leave you on an ash heap. Every one of us, we can find things in our life where Satan has drugg us all the way to the top. You say, "I don't know why I'm thinking these thoughts, and I I don't know why I'm doubting God. I don't know why I'm just going to preach anyhow, but I don't know why I feel this way. I don't know why these things have happened." You know, if God loved me, he wouldn't let that happen to my life. And if God cared about me, he wouldn't let my life get in this kind of condition the whole time. It's just the devil trying to drag us up on an ash sheep. &gt;&gt; But God God ain't going to leave you on an ash sheep. God has a way to get you off of it. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, what was it?" It's a revelation. &gt;&gt; See, notice what took place. It was a revelation of what? It was resurrection power. Here, notice where they find themselves in the Bible. The Bible says when they got in this condition, Peter decides, I'm just going to go back to fishing. That's what he was doing. Whenever Jesus found him, he said, "Here, Jesus had gone. He had been crucified. I don't know where he lay. I don't know what they did with him. I don't know why if he had all that power, why why didn't he why didn't he just call angels and and how he let him take his life? I'll just go back to fishing. &gt;&gt; So he went and he got his boat and his fishing pole back out in the waters he went. What God had called him out of, right back he went &gt;&gt; right back to the waters. You know what the other disciples did? Peter was a he was a natural-born leader. And the other disciples, a bunch of them wasn't even fishermen. But when Peter went back to fishing, they said, "Well, we don't know what to do." So guess what? We just be fishermen with you. So off to the waters they all went &gt;&gt; and out in the water they went and they fished all night and tried to, you know, Peter's going back. I'll just go fall back to what I used to do. &gt;&gt; And he fished all night long. I'll just I'll just I I'll just depend on I'll just depend on my own abilities and I'll just depend on my job and I'll take care of myself. I've asked God for some financial help and God ain't never showed up and I' I've asked him to help me. He ain't never showed up. He ain't never helped me in any way. I think I'm just gonna give up on serving God and I'm gonna take care of my family myself. &gt;&gt; I'm gonna work my job. I'm gonna take care of me. &gt;&gt; That's what Peter did. &gt;&gt; Went out fishing. Fished all night. You know how many fish he caught? Zero. &gt;&gt; Never caught a fish. Fished all night long. Then all of a sudden, as they come at the end of the night, right at the break of day, the sun &gt;&gt; comes up over the sea. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. here in that sunrise comes over on the eastern shore at the morning of resurrection. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Up on the bank there stands a man &gt;&gt; that calls out to them in their boat. He says, "Hey, have you any meat?" Can I say it like nowadays? &gt;&gt; Y'all catching anything? &gt;&gt; Y'all catching anything? &gt;&gt; Peter responded, "No, we ain't caught nothing. Fished all night. Never caught nothing." &gt;&gt; They didn't know who the man was. didn't recognize him. They never saw that man before. But then he spoke a familiar word. He speaks out and he says, "Why don't you cast your net on the other side?" &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I can imagine Peter standing in that boat when he hears these words. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's all night they've been toiling. I'm just going to go back to fishing. &gt;&gt; Fished all night. Never caught nothing. Couldn't even provide for theirel. &gt;&gt; But then he says, "Cast your net on the other side." Maybe Peter turned around the boat and said, "You know, I've heard that before." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And he been his mind be to go back about three years ago &gt;&gt; when he was a devout fisherman. &gt;&gt; He was dedicated to that work. And that time whenever he was doubting when they came to him and told him that the Messiah was here, &gt;&gt; I don't know about all that. I, you know, I know that he's coming, but why would he come in our day? You know, he just put it off to another day. It'll be in the future sometime. I'm sure the Lord will come, but I don't know if it'll be with the day I'm living in. He just put it off to some other time. But then one day he was sitting there fishing and Jesus called out to him after he couldn't catch fish all night. He said, "Cast your net on the other side." He said, "I remember what happened when I threw my net over there. We had so many fish that we couldn't put them back in the boat and then he needed to borrow a boat and we loaned it to him and he got to preaching to people and and he converted their lives and then he done miracle after miracle and I fell in love with him and I followed him and I gave my life and my heart to him &gt;&gt; and he heard those words again. cast your net on the other side. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Said, "What do you want to do?" Peter said, "I don't know, but I've heard that." Something began to ring out in his heart here. When he just failed to give up, he said, "I don't know. Just throw the nets out, boys, to see what happens." So here, they may not even had any faith to even know what would happen. But you know what they did? They obeyed the word that they heard and they threw their net out on the other side. And the Bible says whenever they pulled their net up, here they come dragging out 153 fish out out of the net that it was so much that they couldn't even hold them in the boat and they drug them all back in the boat again and begin to roll up to shore. And brother Bam said all of a sudden, he said they looked over on the bank and that same kind of a revelation that Job got, he said they saw what Job had seen 4,000 years before, there stood the redeemer alive and fresh, standing on the bank of a river with a fire made and fish cooked on it and inviting them to come and eat with him. I thought, "My, isn't that the power of God that even in the time of their distress, in the time of their giving up, and in the time that I'm just going to turn back and go back to my old way of life, but Jesus showed up on the scene and he performed a miracle of resurrection, showing the power of his resurrection. He created fish in the net of a fisherman. And then this what Jesus said, he invited them to a fish fry. Well, let me tell you, he had a grill already made. I don't know about y'all, but that's something I want to be invited to is a fish fry with Jesus on the bank of the river. The Bible said he had fish already cooking and bread already made. He said, "You boys just bring your fish and bring them and combine them with mine and come and die cuz the master callth." &gt;&gt; The revelation of a resurrection power, brother Mark, listen what it was. The revelation of resurrection power was an invitation to come and dine with the master. So when he gave that revelation, it was for a purpose of dining with them again. I don't know about y'all, they had a they had a fellowship fish fry around the revelation of the resurrection &gt;&gt; here. They never doubted it again. The whole time they just said, "Well, I don't know about this resurrection business. And I don't know if he's really a redeemer. I don't know if he can build it uh rebuild that temple in three days." But after that revelation struck their heart, they sat on the bank of the river and they feasted on the fish that God had given them with the Lord Jesus. He didn't look the same. But let me tell you what the Bible says. The Bible says none of them asked him who he was. Although they could not recognize him, but none of them asked him who he was, for they knew it was the Lord. &gt;&gt; Say, well, how did they know it was the Lord? It was by the power of the resurrection. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You see, notice why you say, "What did they notice?" Because, see, see, when he revealed it to them, it was something that he had done before. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And when he re when it was revealed to them, notice what happened. All of their former trouble was forgotten. &gt;&gt; Friends, I'm going to tell you, I can't think of anything greater than God revealing himself in the midst of a trial. &gt;&gt; Isn't that the greatest feeling? &gt;&gt; For God to come and reveal himself to you right in the midst of a trial or right in the midst of a storm. For God to show up in the That's when it means the most to you. &gt;&gt; In the midst of great trial. &gt;&gt; We all have trials. We all have great things that we go through. Brother Bam said, "But remember those trials. They're brought upon you the same way so that you'll not say, "Maybe this is right. Maybe the scripture is true. Maybe divine healing is right. Maybe the Holy Ghost is right." But when you get the experience and you come off of that ash heap and you get the revelation of God by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, then you can scream, "I know my redeemer liveth because he lives in me." I wonder how many scream that out today. How many How many's had that experience? They can say, "I know my redeemer liveth because he lives in me." Friend, don't you realize that God, he brings every one of us to that place that to come off of this ash heap and and receive a revelation from God. He said, "See, what are we doing now? We're feeding on the revelation of the resurrection." But Mark, this is the revelation that David had whenever he would write about it. He said, "Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. What a revelation it is to know that God has been there all along. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I know I run out of time, &gt;&gt; but what a revelation it is to know that's what David knew that God, you're with me no matter where I go. When I was born, he was there. When I was in my fallen state, I'm going to hurry and quit. He was there. When I needed grace, he was there. I wonder how many's got that revelation. It don't matter where I've ever been. God was there. He said, "Though he beset beside me, and before he laid thine hand upon me, such knowledge is too wonderful to me, it is so high, I cannot even attain it. Whether shall I go to get away from thy spirit? For when I flee from thy or where can I go to flee from your presence? If I ascend up into heaven, you are there. If I make my bed in hell, you are there. If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there shall thy hand lead me." and thy right hand shall hold me. If I say darkness shall cover me, even the night shall be light around about me. Yay, the darkness hideth not from me, but the night shineth as the day. For the darkness and the light are both alike unto thee. For thou hast possessed my reigns, and you've covered me in my mother's womb. And I will praise thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Marvelous are thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well. Amen. &gt;&gt; It was a revelation, brother Mark. A revelation that God has been there all along. &gt;&gt; Death, burial, and resurrection. It's the same God, the same power. He's been there all along. It's the same Jesus being revealed. Let me tell you what it does. This revelation, it doesn't just change you, &gt;&gt; but it changes those around you. &gt;&gt; Because listen what happens. every man or woman in the Bible that's ever had that kind of a revelation when they caught that not only were they a receiver of the revelation but they became the revelation they received. &gt;&gt; Yes sir. &gt;&gt; So here whenever they got the revelation of this resurrected power then they became that &gt;&gt; and they became a representative of it in the world that they lived in and now others can see that revelation in them. That's why brother man would say each generation as a music players want to come. He said each generation reveals him in the full revelation that's laotted for that time. He said and this generation must reveal Jesus Christ. That's the revelation of him that's promised in the word. It must be revealed to his to this generation. And if the churches won't receive it, then somebody will rise up and do it. &gt;&gt; Let me ask you this. I know you may come in here feeling like a nobody, but how many somebodyies do we have in here? He said, "If the church won't receive it, that revelation and live it, but then somebody is going to rise up and do it." May not be a big group. It might not be an organization. The church may not receive it. The world may not receive it. But let me tell you who will. The bride of Jesus Christ will receive it. &gt;&gt; She'll receive the resurrection, &gt;&gt; the revelation of the power of his resurrection, that he's not just some dead god laying in a tomb somewhere. But this bride will receive it. Not only will she see it, she'll believe it. She'll receive it. and then she'll declare it. &gt;&gt; And regardless of our circumstances, we'll declare him &gt;&gt; regardless of where we sit, regardless of our failures, regardless of the things that fall around our life, but we will declare him. I say tonight as you stand to your feet, let our lives manifest the power of his resurrection. You realize what power that we're living under? That's the power of the message of the hour. You think the church world could declare a god of history. They could declare a god of the future, but they just couldn't declare the god that was present. In other words, they couldn't do the works that Jesus said, "If you believe on me, the works that I do &gt;&gt; shall you do also." And they couldn't do those works. So they couldn't declare a present God. So God just become a god of history and a god of future. And until this age, it looked as if the power had completely gone out of the whole church. Looked like it had left the church. The God of Abraham, you remember when he went up and he took his son, took him up on a altar and remember what God told him to go lay him down on an altar and sacrifice him to the Lord. and he followed he followed the the word of the Lord and he went up in there and tried to follow what God had told him to do and and when he got there and was willing then God created a ram in a thicket. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Jehovah Gyra. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; A provider. &gt;&gt; That God provided a ram in a thicket. He was a creator. Say, where did the ram come from? Well, the ram wasn't there. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It wasn't there. It didn't just walk up the mountain. God created it. &gt;&gt; He's the same God that made the ram in the beginning. You know, in the in the garden when there was no ram, &gt;&gt; come on. &gt;&gt; And God said, "Let there be a ram." &gt;&gt; And then he waited on Adam to name it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That same God, he stood there and when Abraham would take the knife to take his own son's life, God said, "Let there be a ram." And that creator God created a realm in the thicket of that that same God of Abraham, the one that was standing on the riverbank that when they threw their net into the water and there were no fish in the water cuz they fished those waters. I don't know if you ever fished a fishing hole and after a tournament or something and one of your buddies say that hole's been fished out. You ever heard that term? It's been fished out. Other words, they wore it out. There ain't no fish left in it. They fish these waters all night. But when he threw the net in in one cast, &gt;&gt; the creator that made the realm put 153 fish in his net. &gt;&gt; He's God the creator. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And while he was on the earth, he performed. But you see, it looked like that was gone until a few years later and a prophet of God was walking in the woods and he was hunting squirrels and God began to speak to him and he told him when there wasn't no squirrels out there, he said that you have the power of the spoken word. You speak it and I'll I'll I'll perform it. And he looked up there at a tree limb. He said, "Let there be a squirrel." He said, "As soon as I let them words out of my mouth, the squirrel appeared. Let there be a squirrel." And there was another one. Let there be a squirrel. And there was another one. You say, "I find that hard to believe." Well, how can you believe a ram was made in a thicket? How can you believe fish was put into a net of a fisherman's boat if you can't believe that God couldn't put three squirrels on a limb? But what was it? It was a revelation of the resurrected power of Jesus Christ manifested in the hour that we live in. And it was vindicated in the house of Hadira when a prophet of God went down to her house and he started testifying of what God had done. And she said, "That ain't nothing but the truth." &gt;&gt; And her boy sitting there making fun and mocking and laughing about it. And he said, "Anything you ask for, it'll be given to you." Because of her response to the word of God, he said, she said, "I believe it." He said, "Whatever you ask, it'll be given to you." She looked at her snickering children. She said, "I don't want anything but the salvation of my two sons." &gt;&gt; And those that were there said, "Them boys left where they were and they fell down on their face in front of their mother and they gave their heart to God." &gt;&gt; And friends, I got news for you. I don't care what anybody says happened to their life after that or what they did when they was 40 and 50 years old. It don't matter one thing. It ain't got one thing to do with predestination. If God said they belong to her, they belong to her. And my God ain't a liar. And when she stands over on the other side, them two boys will be standing right beside her because God gave them to her when she asked God for it. &gt;&gt; He said, "Whatever you say, it'll be given to you." And brother Bam took that same voice. This voice, it wasn't to be sted in a prophet. It was to be taken in the mouth of the bride of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; that has a revelation of the power of his resurrection that could speak the word of God over situations and watch God change lives. &gt;&gt; That's the power that God &gt;&gt; has brought to your life. &gt;&gt; You're not a bunch of nobodies. You're not a bunch of ash heap dwellers. &gt;&gt; You're sons and daughters of God that have the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And when you speak, you speak it like it's God speaking it. &gt;&gt; And then look for it to happen. &gt;&gt; How many believe that tonight? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, how he picked me up, turn me around, how he placed my feet on solid ground. Can you say, "When I think about the Lord, when I think about the Lord, I wonder if that's what Peter was singing. How he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, how you pick me up, turn me around, how you place my feet on solid ground, it makes me want to shine. [Applause] Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] All the honor, all the praise. Sing all the shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all of my praise. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how you saved me, how you raised me, how you filled me with the Holy Ghost, how you heal me to the uttermost. And when I think about the Lord, &gt;&gt; how you pick me up and turn me around, how you place my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all of my praise. It makes me want to shout hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory, all the honor, all of my praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory. It's all of my praise. Well, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, all the honor, all of my praise. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praises? Amen. Let me tell you this. We're not feeding on a man. We're feeding on the revelation of the hour. &gt;&gt; How many's feasting on the revelation of a resurrected savior? &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't that powerful to have something to feed on in this hour? We ain't got no dead god, but the word body of the son of man. We've got a real word to feed on. It gives life to the eater. &gt;&gt; And the more you eat on it, the the better you are and the more strength you have. &gt;&gt; Isn't that something? you come into church, how many how many feels better than you did when you came in? Isn't that what isn't that wonderful? Just being in the presence of the Lord. That's our desires. Let the revelations of God be open to us. [Music] Lily of the valley, let your sweet aroma feel my life. Those will share and show me how to grow in beauty in God's house. [Music] Fair of 10,000. Make me a reflection of your life. [Music] Oh, when days shine down on me, let your love shine through me in the night. And I say, "Lead me, Lord, I'll follow." Anywhere you open up the door. [Music] Speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. Before. Lord, I long to be your witness. You can you can take what's wrong and make it right. I say Jesus shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Applause] Lord, I've seen a world that's dying. Wounded by the master of the sea. They're all groping in the darkness, haunted by the years of past defeat. But then I see his face. What a revelation. &gt;&gt; Shining with compassion in your eyes. [Applause] And I cry, my Lord Jesus, shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. [Applause] Oh, I say, lead me, Lord. I'll follow you anywhere. You open up the door. [Music] Yes, my Lord. So, won't you let your word speak to me or reveal things that I've never seen before. Yes, my Lord. For I long to be a witness. You can tell what's wrong and make it right. You can make it right. Jesus, shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. I say, Jesus, shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] You love the word. &gt;&gt; We should be some happy people &gt;&gt; cuz he has given us ears to hear and eyes to see this word for this hour. Amen. We should be so excited when we come into the house of God because he's given it unto us. Amen. We're going to go forward from this day climbing higher and higher. We're not going to settle for nothing less. We've been given the true word of God for the hour. Let's be excited about it and feast upon it. Grow in it. Become what he's called us to become. Amen. Let's raise our heads to him and our hands to him and give him all that we are. Just yield yourself to him because he wants to manifest himself in our life. Amen. He wants all of us, not part of us. All of us. Every bit of you, he wants for his glory. Amen. So just give it to him. Amen. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you. Lord, you sent your word unto us, Lord. Father, through the power of your word, Lord Jesus, you've transformed our minds, Lord. We no longer look at the things that once was, Lord, but we look forward to the things that shall be and the things that are now, Lord. Father God, you've intowed us with power of your word, with authority of your word. Lord, if we could just recognize the revelation that lays before us, Lord, how we will walk victorious in you, Father, every where our feet will tread, Lord, is for your glory, Lord. Father God, that we become a true witness for your word, Lord God, that your word be living in us, Lord Jesus. Father God, that we would not take the backseat to the devil's lies, but we would stand forward on thus sayaith the word of God. Lord, bring our hearts, Lord, so close to you, so close together, Lord, that Father, when the enemy comes in like a flood, we will stand together upon your word and do battle one for another, Lord. Father, you're the tie that binds us, Lord. Father, take away, Lord Jesus, everything, Lord God, that we could have in our hearts toward one another, Lord. Father, let people take inventory of their lives, Father, if there's an ought against this one or an ought against that one, Lord. Father, that we would go to one another, Lord, we don't want to hold back, Lord, what you're trying to push forward. So I'm asking you Lord, you've brought your word, Lord. And I pray that each one of us applies it to our life for your glory, Lord. It's nothing that we can do, but it's what you have already done, Lord. So I'm asking you, Father, Lord, and for the meetings coming up, Lord, in Manchester, Tennessee at Hardy, Lord, Father, that a great outpouring of your Holy Ghost would come down upon the people, Lord. that every need would be met, Lord Jesus. Lord, for anyone, Lord, that has not surrendered their lives to you, Lord. That they would find Calvary, Lord. Father, that they would find the rest that they're looking for. Lord, that the thirst that they're craving, Lord, would be quenched, Lord. Father, I'm asking you, Lord, not our will to be done, but your will, Lord. Father, we ask you, Lord. Father, when we leave this place, Lord, please don't leave us, Lord, or we leave you, but Lord, there would be a fire kindled in us, Lord Jesus. That very revival, Lord, bubbling up inside us, Lord Jesus, that would make us hunger and thirst after your word. Lord, I ask these things in your name, Jesus Christ. Lord, we praise you, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. &gt;&gt; I won't turn. Amen. Just remember our services at home Sunday. Brother Joe be speaking for us at homes. Oh, you can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. &gt;&gt; I won't turn back. Well, I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I won't turn back. &gt;&gt; I won't turn back. &gt;&gt; I won't turn back. So keep on pressing.
