################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-28 - When Their Eyes Were Opened They saw HIM - Bro. Steven McNeilly - Steven McNeilly - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-28
Title:   When Their Eyes Were Opened They saw HIM - Bro. Steven McNeilly
Speaker: Steven McNeilly
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itmfqZRC2C8
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] stand and single again. I am here to worship you. Hello, how we long to worship you. First verse. May we worship you today for we come to you in worship. No matter what the [Music] circumstance, no matter what the situation, it doesn't matter what your situation is. If we lift holy hands, we worship you today, Lord. [Music] Oh, oh, how we worship you. [Music] Oh, to worship. And Lord, we come to you in pray no matter what they have. Oh, we know you'll send. Oh, thank you, Lord. We thank you for that today. If we lift our hands and [Music] say, "Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name. Worship you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Take me deeper this morning. There is a longing only you [Music] can raise. Only you can. My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I know. Drink from the river that flows me. Oh, take me to [Music] earth with you, Jesus. [Music] Oh, take me deeper deeper than I ever been before. I just want to love you more. I long to be sunrise and sunset. Sun rises sunrise. I will see your face drawn by the spirit pro. My heart has found in you [Music] only forever. Take me deeper. Take me deeper. Would that be your prayer today? With you, Jesus. me in your bra. Oh, take me deeper. I just want to love you more. Now I love. Amen. That's our prayer this morning. in deeper love with him. Can you say amen to that? Amen. Amen. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. In the morning when I rise, oh in the morning, when I rise in the morning. Lord, that's my prayer. Lord, that's our prayer today. Just give us more of you this day. Jesus. Would that be your prayer? Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. And you can have all this world. Give me when I'm alone and when I am. He's right there with you. When I am alone, when I am alone, give me Jesus. Can you lift your hands and say, "Give me [Music] Jesus. Just give me give me [Music] peace and you [Music] can." Amen. And our prayer requests this morning. Andrew Saunders, if you'll come lead us in prayer this morning. Amen. Our prayers reports this morning. Sister Ramona Aldo says, "My son Gary had a seizure on Wednesday night and it was a bad one. Gary was admitted to the hospital for three days, but he is doing much better and he's home now. I thank God for watching over over Gary." So, we thank the Lord for being with Gary, Sister Ramona's son. Uh the love alls this morning say thank you for all that have been praying for our friend Trey Blackmore who was in a rodeo accident. Trey woke up from a coma. Trey is still has a long road of recovery. Trey has some brain damage. Please continue to pray that the prayer for his insurance to approve a move to Colorado uh to a top neuro rehab center. So let's remember Trey Blackmore. The Lord would make a way that he can go to this rehab center. And in our prayer request this morning, brother Matt Pasaki says, "Please remember my wife, Sister Faith Anna, in prayer. She has uh pulled her back." So, let's remember her. The Lord would touch her and put her back into place. Sister Deville has an unspoken prayer request. Want to remember her prayer request today. Uh, Brother Chris Roine says, "I would like to thank all of the saints for your prayers as I went through eye surgery. All went well and I'm believing for a full recovery. God has been so good to me." So, we thank the Lord for that this morning. We have a request here from brother Glenn Tamblson. He and his wife are here today. We want to welcome them. Brother Glenn says, "I have a CT scan this coming Wednesday. Please pray for a good report uh that the tumor will be smaller or it'll be gone. God's will be done, Brother Glenn." So, let's remember Brother Glenn. May the Lord just honor his request today. Sister Suzanne Peterson says, "My mom will have a really important results this Tuesday. Uh we believe that the report it will be the report of the Lord. So let's remember uh sister Mary and Martin the Lord would touch her and just honor their request today. Uh sister Jennifer Deose would like us to remember her daughter Alicia uh that God would soften her heart towards her parents. So let's remember this request this morning. Want to remember brother Royal and Sister Elizabeth Gonzalez. They're traveling to Mexico for a week. So we we ask the Lord to be with them. Want to remember Sister Lorie Snow. the Lord will continue to heal her body up in the hospital up in Washington and also brother Randy has a second eye procedure this week. Let's remember the snows that the Lord would just be mindful of them and touch them and their needs. Want to remember our pastor that's awake traveling the Lord will be with them as they return home this week. Do you have a need today? Amen. Let's lift our needs to him. Let's sing the chorus one last time. Give me Jesus. If you have Jesus, you've got everything. You got everything you have need of this morning. Hold your need to him this morning. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Music] [Applause] Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. [Music] Amen. Let's let's bow our heads. Lord, we just need more of you, Lord. Give me more of you, Lord. That's our desire this morning, Lord. And that's why we're here, Lord. And even to be drawn deeper in love with you, Lord. And when we look at ourselves, Lord, we just we see the mistakes, Lord. We see the failures, Lord. But there's an atonement this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, we just love you, Lord. And even hearing these needs across this desk, Lord, and we know you know each one. You've already answered, Lord. And that's the best part, Lord. And now we just want to see the manifestation of it, Lord. And we're just looking to that, Lord. And even the prayer the praise reports right across, Lord, how you've made a way, Lord. You're just so great and you're mighty, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Even this morning, Lord, we ask you to draw us closer to you and be with the minister that would preach the word, Lord. Speak to our hearts, Lord, and just come by and move in a mighty way, Lord. We just don't ever want to leave your presence, Lord. And we're just so thankful that you're here, Lord, and you're with us. We love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. And I want to welcome our guests and our visitors. The Andersons have a friend named Zach here today. I want to welcome him here today. It's also good to have Becky Bo right here and her son Evan from Charlotte, North Carolina. It's good to have them here today. And um if you've been traveling, we welcome you back. Any other guests, we welcome you today in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. It's good to be in his presence today. We are pilgrims in this world and we're going home singing hallelujah. Yeah. Amen. Let's worship the Lord today and give him our all. We are pilgrims in this world. We're going home to him. Singing hallelujah. We are pilgrims in this world. We're going home to heaven. Good singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are beautiful in this world. We're going home to heaven. Singing hallelujah. We are in this world. We're going home to him. Singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Ain't God good to give us a great [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] go see the bright light shine. It's just about the whole time and I can't see my father standing at the door this world and I'm ready to live. Oh, I've never been this [Music] before. Oh, see [Music] And I can see my father standing at home with you and I [Music] [Applause] never get all excited. Tell everybody that Christ is king. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Everybodyus Christ is king. Jesus [Music] Christ. Tell everybody that Jesus Christ [Music] [Music] is Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ is still king of [Music] kings. Oh, hallelujah. He's the king of kings this morning. Amen. We have Lena um Maya that has a song special and the ones that are playing for her if you'll get ready to come up this morning. Jesus, we're dependent upon you. K of F this [Music] morning. The banks are covered up to a certain amount for the FDIC. Your health insurance will only cover you so far. But Jesus, you can depend upon him for whatever you need this morning because he's alive and well. The prescription that was good for two million people in history is still alive today. Oh Jesus, we're depend. Jesus, we're depending on [Music] you. One place for them on you. Depending on you to see Jesus, Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. [Music] depending on you. We're depending on you. Everything on [Music] you. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. It's good to have Aaron and Naomi Laauo here today. It's good to have them here today. I see a few other visitors. We welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Some of you have moved around too. The grandkis are usually here. They're over there. Salamar's move from here to there. So, it's good to move every now and then. Then we look for you in a different place. But all that matters is if you're in his hands. Amen. God bless you this morning. God bless you. Now, we have a special song we want to sing. And the tarot is the precious son, but it is in French. [Music] in the [Music] [Music] puss. [Music] Fore for me. [Music] should be massage in. Oh, the L to your name. [Music] [Applause] your answer. I [Applause] [Music] [Music] Clemench. [Music] [Music] Shows [Applause] [Music] massage to the name. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Brother John Duncan, if you'll come sing. Brother John, if you'll come sing this morning. Amen. Thank you. Amen. God bless you. Good to be here this morning. Amen. Thank you, friend. Yes. I was just thinking this morning on the way to church, what happened to that guy? Like they were just singing, I'm not that person I used to be. Right. That was exactly my thought. What happened to that guy? Yeah. Amen. Praise God. He's in God's sea of forgetfulness. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Bless your hearts. Yes. It's Rock of Ages. Amen. Bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Rock of aes cliff for me. Let me hide myself in thee. Let the water and the blood from my wounded side which flow be of sin the double gear. save from wrath and make me pure. Could my tears for ever flow? Could my zeal no lang for sin could not atone? Thou must save and thou alone be of sin. A double care save for wrath and make me pure. While I draw this fleeting breath, when mine eyes shall close in death, when I rise to worlds unknown, and behold thee on thy throne, rock of ages, clear for me, let me hide myself in thee. [Music] Yes, rock of ages cliff for me. Let me hide myself in thee. Let the water and the blood from thy wounded side which flow be a sin the double care. save from wrath and make me pure. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Amen. Bless you, Lord. Amen. God bless you. Amen. That's where I want to hide this morning in the Rock of Ages. Amen. Let's stand as we sing a song or two before Brother Steven comes this morning. So good to be in the presence of the Lord today. Let's sing the song. Amen. The key of A flat, the key for E flat. Amen. Behold Jehovah. Seated on his throne this morning. May the throne of heaven descend to us today as we worship him today. Let's sing this and then another song before brother Stephen comes. If you got a need today, yes, give it to Jehovah. Behold Jehovah. See it on the throne. We cry. Father, the will that overflow the God who is shall be forever. [Music] Everyone, oh, we bless your blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Oh yeah. Blessed in honor and glory is power. Hallelujah. Behold the way the truth. He is perfect. Perfect. Oh savior the blood there was just one. The god who washed in shall be [Music] forever. Holy. Holy is the Lord. Amen. Let my life sing. Lord, we bless you today. Blessing and honor and glory and [Music] power. We bless you today. Oh, blessing glory. Amen. Oh, holiness happens today and is Jesus. Oh, victory happens today. That is Jesus. Oh, the word happens today. It is Jesus. Oh, redemption happens today. Can you lift your hands and claim Jesus morning [Applause] [Music] holiness victory [Music] victory the [Music] word trusted today [Music] Jesus Lord we bless you and glory and power of Heat. Heat. [Applause] and glory and power. [Music] Lord, we bless you. We give you honor. We give you plow and we glorify your name this morning cuz brother Stephen comes this morning. I speak Jesus. I speak Jesus this morning. Whatever your need is, claim the name of Jesus for you this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] I just want to see the name of Jesus over every [Music] heart. I know there is peace within you. I see [Music] Jesus. I just want to see the Jesus. Every dark declaring there is hope and there is freedom. We speak it and claim it. Your name is power. Your name is Your name [Music] [Applause] is Shine through the world. Got to claim it. I just feel over here [Music] all every soul is captiv [Music] I Jesus. Your name is your name. Your name is great. [Music] [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every Jesus. I speak the holy name Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus is Jesus [Music] over Jesus for my family. But I speak your name is your name is it is it is your name is it'll break every stle break [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart in every mind. I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Learn like the fire. Heavenly Father, Lord, this morning it's such an honor to be in your presence, Lord. And where your presence is, Father, there is liberty. There is life, Lord. there is freedom. And so, Father, this morning we ask that by the foolishness of preaching. And by the revelation of your word that you would come, Lord, and break the shackles, Father, take the complexes of life, Lord, and and may you just fill us with life, Lord. Father, we love you and we thank you for this opportunity. I pray that you would bless your people in a special way this morning. In the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. We welcome you in the name of the Lord. It's good to be in the house of God. Thank you musicians so much. If you have your Bible, turn with me to the book of Luke chapter 24. We just want to greet all our visitors. Brother Aaron and Sister Naomi, God bless you richly. It's real good to see you. Each and everyone, God bless you. We trust that you will be blessed this morning. by God's word. Amen. Luke chap 24, we'll read verses 13 through 27. Very familiar portion of scripture. And behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmas, which was from Jerusalem about three score furlongs. And they talked together of all these things which had happened. And it came to pass that while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near and went with them, but their eyes were holden that they should not know him. And he said unto them, "What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another, as ye walk, and are sad?" And one of them whose name was uh Cleopus answering said unto him, "Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hath not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?" And he said unto them, "What things?" Like he didn't know. And they said unto him concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet, mighty in deed, and word before God, and all the people, and how the chief priests, and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him. But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel. And beside all this, today is third day since these things were done. Any wonder they were sad, huh? They were walking. They were defeated. They were depressed. They were sad. Why? Because they thought that he was the one. And they thought, "My, we thought he was the one, but he's not the one." But he was the one. Amen. Uh verse 23. Yay. And certain women also of our company made us astonished, which were early at the separ. And when they found not his body, they came saying that they had also seen a vision of angels and said that he was alive. And certain of them which were with us went to the sephiler and found it even so as the women had said, but him they saw not. And what's very astounding to me when I read this that even with the testimony of the women and even with the testimony of the brethren, they still believed not. They were still sad. Even though they heard testimonies, even though that uh somebody had shared with them, I seen it with my own eyes. Yet they believed not, and they were still sad within their own selves. So Jesus then he said unto them, "Oh fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into his glory? And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them and all the scriptures the things concerning himself." Amen. You may be seated this morning. I would like to title my sermon this morning, when their eyes were opened, they saw him. That's right. Our scripture reading that we just read is a very familiar portion of scripture to us as brother Brham refers to it many times within his own ministry. And the events of the crucifixion we understand had uh just taken place that there where the Lord Jesus had just been crucified and the Jews had uh conspired against him and they had spoke many lies and came against him with false accusations and they had brought him forth to the to the Romans there uh that he might be put to death. And there at Jerusalem, the most holy place on earth, they, the Jews, the most religious people of earth, crucified him who was the word that was made flesh. Amen. And little did they know at that time when they were conspiring against him and wanting to put him to death and have him suffer all the many things that he suffered through there from the garden of Gethsemane onto uh the time of his death at the crucifixion. But little did they know that in all their lies and falsehoods and planning and and conspiring that it was they were actually playing right along in the line of the will of God that they were actually fulfilling the word of God for their age but not for a good thing but for a bad reason. And so it's it's uh sometimes it's very easy for us to think, well uh I have this situation in my life and and I have this season in my life that I'm going through. And perhaps you're going through a time of of of people conspiring against you, a time of somebody told a lie about you or somebody have said something or done something against you falsely and not honestly and truthfully. I want you to understand that no matter what happens or who says what or what comes to pass or who conspires against you or if it's family co-workers or people at school, it doesn't really matter because it's all playing in the part of God for your life. It all has a purpose in our lives. In uh 1957, God keeps his word. Brother Brandham says this. He says, "Put out put the television out. put television outweigh it is now an uncensored program of all the vulgarity and everything uh let a little the gate is the eye to the soul because remember my sermon title is when their eyes were opened they knew him. So I want to talk a little bit about the eye. So brother Brandham says this continuing the eye is the gate to the soul. him go in and let these little girls go into one of these movies or something or other and and see one of these uh here women out of Hollywood with eight or 10 husbands making love to some man and that little girl will practice the same thing the next day. Let some fantastic nonsense come out out there with some kind of a little old scandal looking skirts or something other like that and watch the American women go to wearing the same thing. That's right. What do you feed on? Let me go into your office, sir, and tell me you're a Christian. Let me let me turn on your radio when I'm in there. And you're listening to some kind of old boogie woogie music. And you're listening to some kind of old and let me see some half-dressed women pinups on the side of your wall. I don't care what you say. I know what your spirit's feeding on. Exactly. That's right. That's exactly right. See, I'd rather have an old home with no rug in the floor. A little old iron bedstead sitting there and an old dresser somewhere or whatever and a little old kitchen table made out of boxes with a sign hanging on it. God bless our home. than all the fine homes in the world. Your pinups and nonsense that you have today and a Bible laying on the table instead of these old love story magazines and things laying around of dirt, filth, and lust and everything else to breed into children. How can you expect anything else but a bunch of infidels and agnostics to answer out? That's true, friends. bring up a child in the way that it should go and him and teach him on the word of God. Amen. Amen. So now it's important for us as believers to take certain quotes like this and not just not just kind of read over it very quickly or or listen over it quickly, but it's it's it's uh important for us as believers now to to take the word of God to take the word of this prophet messenger now and to apply it to our lives and to apply it to our homes because he's laying out a blueprint of how of what should we what we should let into our homes. the kind of music we should be listening to, the way that we should be dressing, how that we should be acting, and the things that that uh that matter most to us. He says, "I don't care about all the fine homes. I don't care about all the materialistic things and the nicest and the nice that. I would rather have something simple and have God in my life than all the things of the world." Amen. Luke 11:34 it says, "The light of the body is the eye." Therefore, when thine eye is single, thy whole body also is full of light. But when thine eye is evil, thy body also is full of darkness. Why? Because the eye is the gateway to the soul. And so, whatever we let in through the sense of our eye, it's going to affect our soul. Amen. So, brother Brandham lays it out for us very plainly and uh throughout his whole ministry actually that uh that that the eye of society that the the eye of society should not set the standard within our lives. society as we know it, whether it's through television or through books or through school or what the people are uh do at work or what the politicians say, what whatever it might be, society should not rule our lives. But the word of God should rule our lives. So if society of what society says, if it's opposite than what the word of God says, I'm going to leave society at the door and take the word of God every day. Amen. But the problem is is through television and through radio programs and uncensored programs and books and love novels and and everything and Disneyland and Disney and whatever it may be. We look at these things and and if you watch something long enough or if somebody tells you something often enough, you'll begin to believe it. So raise up a little a little girl uh under Disney and under fairy tales and all these different things and all of a sudden how they see love is what they see through Disney. It's very interesting because my daughter, she she's in fifth grade. She's 10 years old. And so just getting into that age where uh her and you know her friends at school, they're they're at that age where they're just trying to kind of find themselves. And and as it was just very interesting at the time of of um uh what's it called? Valentine's Day. Oh, this person has a crush on this person and this person has a crush on this and this one said they love that person. I'm thinking, honey, they have no idea what they're talking about. They don't know what a crush is. They don't know what true love is. The only reason that they think they know what a crush and true love is is what they see on the television. And what they're seeing on the television, Brother Brandham said, it's polluting our minds. Because that's not real love. It's lust. That's right. So now through the things that we're watching and the things that are on television and it can start off so innocent as a cartoon, but it's now brooding a spirit of lust within young boys and young girls because it's not true love. And if it's not true love, it's got to be a perversion of love, which is lust. Any wonder so many of our young teenage boys and girls and not just necessarily within the church but just and in the world and le oysia. Any wonder they grow up having problems. Any wonder they grew up not understanding what true love is. They see lust and they think it's love. They see how mom treats dad and dad treats mom within the world and they think that's okay. But when it's not according to the word, it's not okay. So now we have a bunch of young people that grow up to be adults and all of a sudden it's it's it's just profanity and it's filth and society sets the standard within the home. Society sets the standard within our minds and we just think it's normal when it's not normal. I say, "God, help us to take the word of God and to say, "Father, give me the mind of Christ that I may be able to uh discern between good and evil that I may be able to rightly divide the word of truth, not only in my life, but in my family's life also. Lord, God, give us wisdom. We need wisdom more today than ever before. Everything that we see today is is is being driven by somebody. Amen. Who are you letting lead you? Who is it that's telling you what to believe? Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, uncensored programs. What is it? Love novels. The more that we feed upon these things, yeah, the more it defiles our spirits. And then we wonder, my my goodness, I am having such a difficult time because your spirit is defiled because of what we're letting in through the eyes. And it's defiling our spirit and defiling our souls. Amen. But yet, we just think it's normal. Let me I feel like dwelling upon this for a little while and that's okay. You know, I'm only 37 years old, but I I didn't grow up with YouTube. I didn't grow up with the internet. I didn't grow up with the cell phone that had internet and all those things. I remember when the internet first came out. I am so old. Old to some and others are like, "Yeah, you're a whippersnapper, man." And I remember you plugged that thing in and it had to go through the phone line [Music] and you're like, I'll go down and eat a bowl of cereal and come back upstairs and it's still going on cuz it was the new thing. It was cool. I had a I don't know how you pronounce it here, but a Nokia is how we say in Ireland. How do you say it? Nokia here. Nokia. It's a Nokia. Okay. Nokia 5210. This thing, man, was the size of my iPad. It was massive, indestructible, had Tetris on it. There was no there was no um there was no internet on it. There was really nothing bad that you could get up to on it. I think we ought to go back to 5210 bricks. None of this sensitive gra uh glass stuff that you have to have glass protectors on it. can bounce it off the wall and it's okay. I think it would help keep our spirits clean. Yes. It would help prevent us from getting on and looking at things and watching videos that perhaps we, let's be honest, shouldn't be watching or listening to. But yet, it's just now it's normal. Yeah. Now it's the cool thing. We got reels and we got shorts and all the Yeah. Look at this guy. Look at that guy. Guy's dumb. Let's watch it again. Let's heart it. You adults do it, too. Yeah. Cool. Wow. An hour goes past and all of a sudden all the little subtleties and all the little music that's behind the reel and the and the the unclean uh gestures and jokes all of a sudden what's it doing to your body? What's it doing to your spirit? It's attacking your spirit. It's defiling your spirit. And then and then we want to serve God. I want to serve God and I and I and I and I want to be a Christian and I and I want to do the what's right. That's God putting that desire within your soul. But when you're feeding your soul on things of the world, understand their enmity with each other and and and God is a gentleman. Let you do it. Oh, I want to serve God and do what's right. Well, start within your home. Start with the eye to the the gate to the soul through the eye of the things that we're looking at in our lives. Help us, Lord. I want to tell you something today that out there is not normal. What society tries to tell you is not normal. and how they try to tell us how we should live our lives and how we should raise our children and how we should not correct our children and and and because correcting our children it causes issues on down in life and and they come up with all this wild wild things. Yeah. We shouldn't be letting society tell us how to live our lives, but we should be looking at this and what does the Bible say? The Bible says spare not the rod. Hey, don't care for his crying. In other words, it's far enough from his heart. It's not going to kill them, but it's going to bring forth fruit in their lives. You know, God does the same thing with us. Hey, lets us go to a certain uh uh so far. And he says, "Ah, that's enough, Stephen. I've had enough of this." He gives us a little bit of five-fold correction, doesn't he? You know why he does that? Because he loves us. Thank you, Lord. I've shared this before, but it comes to mind. Henry, he he told us one day, he said, "You know, mom and dad, you spank us because you love us." Yeah. Yeah. You got it. We're like, "Finally, he understands. He gets it." And he looks at us. He goes, "That makes no sense. Makes no sense. to a three-year-old. I guess it makes no sense. Understand? When we're babes in Christ, it doesn't make sense. When God comes along and he corrects us, but those who he loves, what does he do? He corrects. So, be be quick to repent when God corrects us. Hallelujah. Our lives should be about the word and not the world. Yes. Our lives should be fed upon the word and not the world. Our homes should be according to the word and not the world. Our our our lives, like I already said, should be about the word, feeding upon the word and not feeding upon the world. Hallelujah. So now we've heard it time and time again where brother Brandham talks about applying the token to our homes. And I got to thinking, well, what exactly does it mean to apply the token? Because as the heads of our homes, we say, I'm going to apply the token over my home and I'm the head of the home and and I'm going to apply the the blood over the door lentils and and and I'm going to apply the token and and my family is going to come under the token, and it's going to be okay. Well, I want to ask you something. What does it mean to apply the token to our homes and to our lives? Does it mean just praying and saying, "I apply the token." The token here tooken. I apply it. I apply the token over this piano that it plays no bad music. Apply the token. I apply the token over the Is that what it means? like it's just a a verbal announcement that you're saying I apply the token over my household. I apply the token over this. No, applying the token is a physical act. Applying the token is actually getting into action and doing something. Now watch this. God's power of transformation. What does it actually what? Let me just continue there. Like what does it mean to apply the token to our homes? I'll tell you what it means. It means to kick out the TV. Go listen to the token message. Means to kick out the TV, the uncensored programs, the boogie woogie music. There's no boogie moogie music nowadays. You guys don't listen to that. Rap music, R&B, uh Christian rock, country Christian, whatever it might be. Applying the token means I don't apply the the token to my iPad. I apply it. No. Applying the token, it means you get the trash off of it. Amen. Applying the token means you get the love novels. We kick them out. Applying the token means that we clean up our lives and we clean up our homes. And it starts with us as the head of every home. Amen. I don't care whether you're single, whether you're married with no kids, whether you're married with a bunch of kids, you have a responsibility to apply the token to your home and to your own life. Not just verbally, but physically getting into action and cleaning it up. Hallelujah. Power transformation. And that little inside of the inside, that's where you start, which is your soul. 1965. Then come from that, you're a spirit. And then you become a living being. Now the living being has five senses to contact. The second has five senses. That's the outside body. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. The inside body has love and conscious and so forth. Five senses. But the inside of the inside, the control tower is either God or Satan. How many knows he's talking about the soul? So within the soul it's either God or Satan. We have the outside realm. See feast smell and here which which attracts our earthly home. Then we have our five senses of the in of the inner man. Brother Martin spoke on it Wednesday night of love and conscious memory reasonings and so forth. But with the inside of the inside is either Satan or God. But whichever one you feed the most is the kind of life that we're going to produce. He says it's either God or Satan. You can mimic any of these things you can contact like a Christian or you could cast out devils like a Christian. But the inside control tower, the beginning, the origin isn't of God. It'll never return to God. Amen. Very, very interesting. So, you can cast out devils. You can you can be a Christian and you can act like a Christian. You could feed your soul on Christian things, but if it never originated from God, it'll never go back to God again. It's pretty outstanding teaching. He says, "But the if the origin isn't of God, it'll never return to God." You understand? Did not Judas cast out devils? Did not Caiaphas, the one who condemned him and put him to death, even prophesy? But he couldn't stay with the word. See? Wow. That's right. So, brother Brandham now is he is showing us and he is teaching us that we can act like Christians. We can speak in tongues. We can have many manifestations of the spirit. But if that soul never came from God, which is the seed gene of God, it'll never go back to God. And so that's where the scripture talks of Lord, Lord, yeah, did I not do many miracles in your name? Did I not cast out devils in your name? Did I not do this? And did I not do that? And and and the Bible, he didn't deny their works, but he said, "I never knew you." Get out of here. He cast them out into darkness. He never birthed them. Why were they never birthed even though they did the works of God? Because brother Brandham said this. He said only the redeemed. Only the the elect of God can be reborn. He said you didn't become reborn. He said you became reborn because you could be reborn. You became redeemed because you were redeemable. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So, it's not about the works and it's not about the manifestations of the spirit because we can mimic any of those manifestations. It does not mean that a true seed can't produce those manifestations. But we need to divide the word of God because Caiaphas prophesied. Yes. I wonder how many of us if someone was to raise up and prophesy and it and it came true and it came to pass that we would want to follow that man. But brother Brandham said he couldn't stay with the word. Amen. So in other words, if somebody strays from the word, no matter how many manifestations that they got following their lives, we should not follow that man because it's all about the word. Exactly. The elect is the only ones that could be reborn. Now watch this. This is interesting. when I when I when this began to come to me. But a seed of God can also a seed gene of God can also feed his soul on the wrong things through the gateway of the eye and therefore bring forth the wrong fruits in his or hers life. Yes. So, a seed gene of God has a soul that came from God and it'll go back to God and it's and it can be reborn and it will be reborn in the correct season and the right timing of God. Amen. But even though as a regenerated son or daughter of God with a soul from God uh see gene of God within us, if we're feeding upon the wrong things through the gate of the eye, which is the gateway to the soul, it's going to affect our lives whether we're seeing gene or not. The same as what a person whose soul uh cannot be regenerated, they can do Christian acts and they can listen to Christian music. They can sing Christian songs and and try to be as much of a Christian as they can and they can produce the fruits of the Christian, right? But yet their soul didn't come from God. So can a believer who has a segene of God yet produce bad works in their life because they are they are feeding upon the wrong thing. Help us Lord. A lot of sons and daughters of God, you know, uh they're up and they're down and they're in and they're out and and and one minute they got it and next minute they don't got it. And and and and and they have a desire to serve God. And and as a minister and as believers, we would say, you know, if you got a desire to serve God, it's because God put the desire there. And so then it comes down to, well, I don't understand. If I was a believer and if I was a Christian, why am I falling so short? Why am I giving in to these temptations of the world and within my life and complexes and so forth? It's because of what we're feeding on. Very good. So, it's not that you're not seed, right? It's not that you're not a son or daughter of God. It's not that you haven't had an experience with God. It's just because what you're feeding upon is bringing forth the wrong kind of fruit in your life. Very good. And that's where we can get um uh what's it called? Uh uh we can get very um confused. Confused. Thank you. Say it in French. Confusion. Yeah. See, confusion. It can be very confusing. We can become very confused within ourselves when we don't know who we are exactly and we're thinking my if I was a son or daughter of God I would have the fruit of the spirit and I would be doing this and I would be doing that. But you are a son and daughter of God and you should be pro uh producing the right kind of fruits but because because you're not applying the token now the fruits of unrighteousness is having its way in our lives. Not because you're not saved, cuz you're not applying the token like you should be. Goes from the youngest to the oldest. You think, well, he's just talking to the young people. Nonsense. It's from the youngest to the oldest, from the front to the back, from the preacher to the janitor, whoever it may be. If we're feeding on the wrong things, it's going to bring forth the wrong kind of lies. And you find yourself in a cycle. Yeah. Well, if I could just get born again, if I could just get the Holy Ghost, oh, it'll change everything. It changes you. It does. But if you begin to yield yourself to the wrong thing, it'll bring forth the wrong kind of life. Man, yesterday, and I'll just be honest with you, yesterday I was uh trying to pray and and and and even even Friday, I just I just felt like within my spirit, I was, man, you ever get like that? You just get fed up. And it's really for no reason. You know, they say true depression. People who are truly depressed, they're depressed for no reason. That's true depression. It's not because, well, this happened and I'm depressed. No, true depression. People who really suffer uh from bad depression, they're depressed for no reason. They could have the best day ever and it's raining on them. I had a wonderful day, but yeah, it was good. But you ever get like that? You just get fed up and you feel like nothing's good enough. And I and I was trying to pray and I was trying to and and and all of a sudden I'm having these thoughts that are coming to me. I'm like, my goodness, what is going on? So instead of trying to fight it, you know what we normally do? Here's what I do a lot of times whenever uh and this is a Capricorn thing. I don't know any Capricorns are the same way, but you might be. I'll pray for you, man. You just run with it. Sometimes you get a thought in your mind and you're like, "Yeah, wow. Yeah, that's right." And all of a sudden in your mind, you're you're way out here thinking about something that you shouldn't be thinking about. True. About a person or a situation or whatever it may be. And I said, and I got to praying and I said, "Lord, you know what this is, right? I'm teaching you how to fight." I got down to my I said, "Father, cleanse my spirit." Yes, my spirit is defiled for whatever reason, Lord. And it's in my mind and I can't get rid of it. And I need you to come and to cleanse the pallet of my mind with your Holy Spirit cuz how can I have the mind of Christ with a carnal mind, Father? Next thing I knew, it was it was gone. And I was able. You can't fight this fight alone. You can't do it yourself. You got to go to God. Amen. Because God is our victory. But the more you try to fight it yourself in the battle of the mind, you'll go insane. You were not designed to fight it yourself. You were not designed to carry the load of sin in this age. That's why Christ died for you. He said, "Take my burden for my burden is easy and my yoke is light. Hallelujah. Beautiful. Father, help us. You want to feed your soul, feed it upon the word and not the world. Very good. And you'll find in your life, because I have found this to be true, that whenever we begin to apply the token to our lives and to our homes of things that creep in and we kick out the things of the world, that we have more of a hunger for the word. And when we do fall short, guess what? We're not thinking, well, uh, I guess I'm not part of him. No, we say, "Father, thank you for your for your blood. Yes. Thank you that it cleanses me from all of my sins and unrighteousness. Hallelujah. You know how to come under the blood. The blood has a voice and the voice is the word. Hallelujah. The bleeding word of the hour. Amen. Praise the Lord. Looking at the unseen 1958. a man and a man's physical being to be taken care of is not all the reason God put him on the earth. Notice that because what he does with this physical being amounts to very little. It's his soul which counts. It's the inward man that did not come from the earth. It come from heaven. And that's the eternal part of the human being. But yet strange that he tries to figure his own way out. And we find it so in the scriptures that when a man chooses to walk in his own way and do the way he wants to, God just lets him alone. Wow. Well, I'm going to do what I want to do. Guess what? God's going to let you do what you want to do. He's going to leave you alone. I don't want to be alone. I want to be in his hands. Man must not think of himself but he must let must think for himself but he must let the mind that was in Christ be in him. We are not to think for ourself. We are to call anything contrary to what he has said as though it is not. No matter what our eyes claim to be. We do not live by what we see. We live by what we believe. We are not to live by what we see or how society tells us how we should live our lives. But we are to live our lives according to what we believe. Our lives is an open book. Our lives, if I could say, is is like a like a monitor or like a screen like up here. And if you want to see what somebody believes, watch their life. Wow. So you say, "Well, this person is acting and doing this way and this." Well, they're just acting out what they believe. Young people, what do they do? You see, they have a hard time around the teenage years and and everything. And you wonder, well, what's going on? They're acting out what they believe. Amen. Because mom and dad beliefs can only take us so far. That's true. At some point, you've got to live what you believe yourself. And everybody can see it. So your life, my life, how I live, how I talk, what I do, where I go, where I don't go, what I watch, what I don't watch, what I listen to, what I don't listen to, when I'm on my own, when I'm with other people. Everything that I do in my life is a response of what I believe. That's why I say, Father, help thou my unbelief. Because I want to believe because the things that we believe will produce a life and I want to have his life looking at the unseen. Paragraph 27. We might go on for several hours speaking of the modern day of how men and women today just completely look and they go down the street. They're going to choose a church that they must go to and bring up their children in. They'll search around through the city not trying to find the most spiritual church but the biggest church that they can find. That's the one uh got the greatest crowds and the best dressed and the celebrity of the city goes to this such church where it's called the better class as far as men know. And then in that church they'll try to find a minister that's what they call not narrow-minded that'll just about let them live any way they wish to and belong to that church. So, Brother Brandham's talking about the carnal man that wants to go to church and he'll find a pastor and he'll find a a preacher that'll just be so narrow-minded and let the people live whatever kind of way they want. Now, he goes to the spiritual man. He says, "But the spiritual man on the inside, if you'll give them the right away, he might lead you out to a little mission somewhere where there is not many people, but there is the spirit of the living God. For the outside man feeds on psychology and intellectual, but the inside man feeds on the word of God. Amen. In order for you to be the word made flesh in this day, you've got to feed upon the word of this day. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. This message is not for everyone. Therefore, not everyone is going to receive it. This has been the way throughout all of the scriptures. It kills me to say that. Do you know that? Because part of me thinks that that's not fair. And it's not fair to say, but yet it's God's way. Amen. So, I I wrestle with that because I've been chosen. I'm so grateful. But you want everybody else to be chosen as well. You don't want to be puffed up and be a stuffed shirt and and and and look down on other people. But just facts are facts. This message isn't for everybody. Amen. Isaiah 44:18. They have not known nor understood. For he has shut their eyes. Who is he? It's God. That they cannot see in their hearts that they cannot understand. Matthew 13:es 13-15. Therefore, speak guide to them in parables, because they seeing see not, and hearing they hear not. Neither do they understand. So, they have eyes, but yet they're fulfilling the prophecy of of Isaiah that they have eyes to see. They can see plainly, but spiritually they see not. Why can they not see spiritually? Because their eyes have been holden to the word. It's not their fault. And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah, which saith, by hearing you shall hear and shall not understand, and seeing you shall see and not perceive. For this people's heart is wacked gross, and their eyes are full of hearing, and their eyes have been have their eyes have they closed, lest at any time they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them. 2 Corinthians 2:es 10-12. And with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish because they receive not the love of the truth that they might be saved. How do we be saved in this hour? By receiving with love the truth. Wow. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie. Notice who does it. It's God that does it. It's God that shuts the eyes of one and opens the eyes of the other. Therefore, is God an unrighteous judge? God forbid because he knows who is his and who is not. 2 Corinthians 4:es 1-4. Therefore, seeing we have this ministry as we have received mercy, we faint not, but have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully, but by manifestation of the truth, commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost. Wow. They are already lost. It's amazing. What does this do for you, brother Stephen, to preach this this the to go down this line? I'm preaching on on on on the eyes and I'm preaching on when their eyes were open, but I also want to just briefly touch on those whose eyes are closed. Why are they closed? Because God closed their eyes. Why did the Jews reject Jesus Christ? because their eyes were closed to the truth in the hour in which they were living in. It wasn't their fault because God wanted to bring in a gentile people, a gentile dispensation who he would open their eyes who were wild by nature. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. He shuts the eyes of one and gives grace to another one. What does this do for you, brother Stephen? It makes me cry out grace. Oh, the grace of God in my life because there go I if it wasn't for God opening my eyes. Amen. Thank you, Lord. I don't look down at someone whose eyes haven't been opened. But I say, "Father, my eyes have been opened. Therefore, I rejoice because I am so undeserving." Praise the Lord. So, it's God that closes and it's God that opens. Matthew 11:26 and 20 25- 26. At that time Jesus answered and said, "I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things. Thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent and hast revealed them onto babes. Even so, Father, for so it seemed good in thy sight." If it's good for the Father, it's good for me. Amen. That's right. No matter what my carnal man thinks about it, no matter of of the unfairness that I might think within myself, if it's good to the father to close the eyes of one, it's good for me. If it's good for the father to open the eyes of one, it's good for me. I'm just glad that I'm on the right side. So, within the scripture, we can see that there is a a generation of Jesus Christ. I'm I'm sure you've all read that scripture. It's a generation of Jesus Christ and there's a generation of vipers. So, we see that from the Garden of Eden up until the very time that we're living now, there's there's two seeds that's that's been intermingled and and throughout the the uh throughout history and since time began of a generation of vipers and of a generation of Jesus Christ. And sometimes they cross paths and they intertwine with one another. And sometimes they can get so close that it would deceive the very elected if possible. Because it is a religious spirit. True. Interesting. It's not the person out there that that that that that's walking around and wants to has a chip on his shoulder and just wants to hurt people and do bad things. You're like, "Yeah, unless God gets a hold of that person's life, I can see the fruits of his life." But when it's a religious spirit and it's hidden and it's intertwined, that's the spirit that we have to be careful of. I'll just be honest with you. I don't want no dealings with religious people. I don't care if they're in the message or not because a religious spirit is it's a it's a fornicating, unclean, ungodly spirit that's hidden behind religion and it bring forth it brings forth a life hidden behind religion and that person might be a son or daughter of God but yet they have given themselves over to something. It's a religious something and before you know it you begin to see the fruits of this of this of this person's life being manifested before you. Yeah. From what I have seen, you want to know how you can tell of a real religious person? A religious person cannot take correction. That's true. And a religious person cannot say sorry because they're religious and they are self-righteous within themselves. They think they're better. Therefore, they cannot humble themselves when they're wrong and come and say, "Sorry for what I have done and what I have said and my actions towards you." Why? because they're religious. Now, take a person then, a son or daughter of God from from the same father. This is amazing. And perhaps they may not seem as spiritual as these others, right? But yet they can take correction, and yet they can humble themselves and say, "Sorry." You see the difference? It's the teachable spirit within the person. That's the difference between religion and relationship. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. You just rather not deal with it. Just Just give me people who are in a relationship with God. Let them be my friends. That'd be good, wouldn't it? Yeah. Lord, help us. Huh? Yes. We need help. Lord, help us. Because we're talking about the eye, the gateway to the soul. You know how easy it is for one of us to become religious? Huh? You know how easy it is where where you just uh where you could just take yourself off and and you could just take yourself off and just hide over here and sit all by yourself and sing hymns and sing songs or whatever and yet you're not friendly with anybody. You don't reach out. You're in your own little bubble. Yeah. Huh? You know how easy it is to take on a religious spirit? Especially if you're intelligent. True. All of you intelligent people here, be careful. True. Be careful because through reasonings and intellects, religious spirits can take over our lives without us even knowing it. That's the truth. Discern yourself. Amen. Now going back to our opening scripture, we see that Cleopus and his friend, they were walking from Jerusalem to a village called Emmas and and they were just talking to one another about the things that had just transpired and the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. And as we read, we saw that Jesus drew near and and brother Brandham takes this this little ex excerpt of the scriptures there. And he says, you know, they were talking about Jesus and therefore he came around. And he says that whenever you begin to talk about the Lord, the Lord's presence comes around. That's why when we come to church, we can feel the presence of God and and we know he's there. Why? Because we're talking about God. And so I think that it needs to go just not only on a Wednesday and a Sunday, but our conversation. We need to be trying to fellowship one with one another more on the Lord, more on the word, more in what God has done in this day, more of what God has done in our lives. And when we do that, God will come by and join himself with us. Too much of the time, we are just so carnal and we're talking about carnal things. Amen. Do you know why we do that? We everybody you know why? Because we're carnal by first nature. Yeah. Comfortable. It's so easy. Did you see this? Yeah. Did you see Cam's Gataboo? Yeah. I saw Yeah. He got signed. Yes. Woohoo. You know, New York Giants. Yes. Arizona boy. And we get all caught up with our Arizona boys in sports. And we get caught up with this and we get caught up with that. And instead of getting caught up with the word, when we get caught up with the word in fellowship, it brings God in our midst. So, one of the things that I noticed about this this passage of scripture is that these two men, Cleopus and his friend, they were they were disappointed. And um I could see that they were they were they were so disappointed that they didn't even believe the testimony of the women. And they didn't even believe that when they heard the testimony of the men that the grave was empty, they thought, "Yeah, yeah, okay." They still didn't believe it. You say, "Brother Stephen, how do you know they still didn't believe it?" Well, if the tomb was empty and he had risen, they would have stayed in Jerusalem. Why were they leaving Jerusalem to go to Emmas? The Bible said that they were sad. They were disappointed. Watch this. The the uh the scripture there verse verse 21 of of Luke 24 says, "But we trusted. We trusted. This is what we believed. We we trusted that it had been him which should have redeemed Israel." Beside all this, today is the third day since these things were done. the redemption of Israel and the freeing freeing them from the bondage of Rome. It didn't happen as they thought it should have happened. They thought the Messiah was going to come and and he was going to come and break their bondage and he was going to come and set the captives free, which he did. And he was going to come and he was going to do away with this with with these Romans and these different ones that had the rule and authority over them. And they thought, my when the Messiah comes, it'll just be one great millennium and we won't have any pressures and we won't have people uh overlording us and all. Wow. When he comes, what a day it's going to be. Yeah. And we thought it was him. I was sure of it. I was positive. He was the one. I seen his life. I seen what he did. I seen the mighty miracles. I It was amazing. He was a man used of God and mighty in works before God and before the people. He opened blinded eyes. He healed the sick. He He brought people back to life again who were dead. Surely, we haven't had a prophet like this. And for 400 plus years, we've never seen anything like this. He's the one. They were so excited. They spent three and a half years with him. They slept with him. They ate with him. They fellowshipped with him. They heard his sermons. They were so close to him. They knew that that was him. But yet he died. How could this happen? They I I watched it. I I saw them beat him. I I saw I saw He was whipped. He was punched. They spat on him. I saw him. I saw I saw him nailed him to the cross. They hung him up. It was It was such a a day of of remorse. There was there was three hours. It was midnight in the middle of the day. There was an earthquake. There was mighty things that happened on that day and and that was him. But I guess it's not him. Oh, what do we do now? I thought this was true. Hey, I've lived the last three and a half years of my life following this guy. I've been in the message for so long. I' I've following the tapes. I I' I've heard the testimonies, but I don't know if I believe. I might as well. It's just might as well just go back to Emmas. I Let's go. Come on. Misery loves company. Cleopus got his friend. Let's go. Yeah. Yeah. He He rose. Yeah. Sure he did. Yeah. Her with her testimony. I don't believe that. The guys, they're just saying that to make everybody happy. They were disappointed. Have you ever been disappointed in life? Yeah. Have you ever been disappointed with your wife, with your husband, with your kids, with the church? You ever been disappointed with yourself? You ever been disappointed with the preacher? Yeah. We'll all disappoint each other at one time or another, but God will never disappoint us. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. They were so disappointed that it caused their faith to go to extreme low levels. That they couldn't believe the testimony of others. Watch what brother Brandham said in the sermon Luke. I love this. Be persistent. Like the little Saraphician woman. No matter how many disappointments she had as she come down, she still had focused herself on that that was God. And she come to him and got what she asked for because she had her focus right. She had it no matter how many puffs of wind come saying days of miracles are passed. Your husband will leave you. That didn't matter her a bit that her that bullet went straight to its point. Amen. He's saying focus on the right things. We're all going to be disappointed in one another and family members and church members and the preacher and the deacons, the song leader, whatever it may be. Disappointments are going to come, but know that the word is the word and keep our focus on the word of God. You say, "Brother Stephen, I've been prayed for and I'm still not sick." Keep your focus on the word. It doesn't matter how long it takes, God will fulfill his word. You say, "Brother Steve, and my family members, these situations, just hold on. Be patient and stay focused on the promises of God." That's it. But that's your decision. That's my decision. We have to have the right attitude towards the promises of God. Amen. And that will bring it to pass in our lives. You believe Brother Brandham said that? He said it. Therefore, it's true. Therefore, I believe it. Now, we have to apply it. That's the hard part. That when we're disappointed, that the word didn't bring my deliverance in service, that the word didn't bring my healing, that the word didn't bring this, we get so disappointed. Though we pray and we fast and we ask God and we seek God and we're sincere in our hearts, we get disappointed. Yeah, but the reason they were disappointed is because of this. It's because they were expecting it to come to pass in a different way. So when they were expecting it one way and it didn't happen, it brought a disappointment in their lives. That's what happens with you and I, especially towards God. Yeah, we get disappointed with God when it doesn't come to pass in our lives when we think it should and how we think it should. But if we will just hold on to the promises of God and say, "Lord, I believe your word. I'm going to focus on you until it happens. And whatever way it happens, it's going to happen. I'm all for that." That's how you miss you take away the disappointments with God is you don't expect it to be a certain time or a certain way or a certain season because all of that is up to God himself. Hallelujah. Stay patient and stay focused. Amen. So when Jesus drew near, the Bible says that their eyes were holden that they should not know him. But along the journey from from from from Jerusalem to Emmas, he began to preach to them. Now I want you to understand these guys were not unbelievers. They were believers. They followed him. They followed the word. They followed the message. They loved it. And they got a Sure, they got a little disappointed. So they were walking, but their eyes were were were holden that they would not know him. And I began to think about this and I thought, my when they heard his voice, cuz my sheep hear my voice and another they shall not follow. But when they heard his voice, how did they not know it was him? Because God shut their eyes. They couldn't see it even if they tried to see it because God now was going to do something in their life. So they were in church services from Jerusalem to Emmas and he was preaching to them starting with Moses and down through all through the prophets and he was saying everything that must come to pass and and and the crucifixion and how he must rise in the third day and so on and so forth and he was he was teaching them and preaching to them everything concerning himself. But he never come right out and say I am he. Don't you see me? Brother Brandham said, "That is for us to figure out on our own." So he began to preach to them and and and right up until the end time, right up until they got to Emmas uh at the evening time, they still didn't understand who he was. Yeah. Church service after church service after church service. They came to church from Jerusalem to Emmas and still they didn't understand who he was. Yet they were believers. Right? Yet they had a segene of God but they still didn't understand why because their eyes were holding. This is pretty interesting. So from Emmas to Jerusalem, from Jerusalem to Emmas, it's 7 miles. From Jerusalem to Emmas and we see at the evening time is when they had gotten to their place of abode that they constrained him to come in and that's when he done something very familiar to them. He broke bread and their eyes came opened. It wasn't at the beginning of the journey. It wasn't at mile one. wasn't at Ephesus. It wasn't at mile 2. It wasn't at mile 3. It wasn't at Smyrna. It wasn't at Philadelphia. It wasn't at any of these other ages. Why? Because the time wasn't ready for their eyes to be opened yet. Because it's all the types and shadows of the scripture. They must connect together. They cannot be broken. So their eyes were not going to be open until they came to the seventh mile to the secret abode to that little house that when they would enter into that little house their eyes would be open. Then they would say, "Wow, that's him." Amen. How did we miss it? Through seven church ages, he's been preaching to us. Through seven church ages, he's been walking through the midst of the golden candlesticks. But in the last age, at the evening time in that little home, he revealed himself in a familiar way that they recognized who he was. Hallelujah. Why were their eyes opened? Because it was time for their eyes to be opened. It wasn't time in Smyrna. It wasn't time in Philadelphia, but it was time for the Leodysian church age that they would be full beneficiaries. full beneficiaries of a full opened word. Why did they go in? Why did he wait until they went into the little house? Why didn't he just Why didn't he share it along the way? Because this isn't an open ministry. This third pull is not a public show anymore. It's not for the bypassers to hear it and recognize it. It's not for the bypassers to understand it, but it's revealed in secret. Brother Brandham said, "Why do I why do I have to go in there?" Remember the tent vision? Why in that little room? Why do I have to go into that little place? He says, "Don't you know that the Bible says he?" Brother Brandham said, "Notice he the angel always takes me back to the scripture because the word will reveal the word." Amen. And so now he's why in there? Because the things that you do in secret, you shall be rewarded openly. And the angel told him, "This time it will not be a public show. Therefore, it is done in secret within the soul of man. It is not to do with the outside man anymore. That's not to do with the five senses of the man of the outer man and the inner man. But now it goes deeper within to the holiest of holies, the very shakina glory of God himself to the soul segene of God. And that's what gets regenerated. That's why you can see the word for this hour because there's a CG gene within your soul. Thank you, Lord. And so now through through through through,00 sermons as you begin to watch you you begin to think, "Wow, at the beginning you say, "Wow, what mighty miracles this is a true man of God and and and wow, this is amazing." And look at the things that he's doing and discerning of hearts and wow, this is awesome. But he takes you to a place where it's no longer the outer shell. He takes you to a place where it's no longer reasonings within our bodies, but now it's not an open show. And he takes you secretly individual as Gentiles into a secret place. He says, "Now this is the third pool. It's not far out there." What happened in that little room? People came in and they in wheelchairs and the crutches and stretchers and they came out and they were healed and there was lame. They came out. They were walking and and what happened in there? What happened in your life? You were once spiritually lame. You were once spiritually blind. What happened to you? I'll tell you what happened with you. He met God in that little secret place and he opened the eyes of your understanding and now you could see. Brother Brandon would turn his back and he would say, "Thus sayeth the Lord, I give you your last sign." As he turned his back to the tent of Abraham and Sarah, we can just see it through the scriptures. We begin to think, "Wow, it's opened. Look at that. I see it in the type. I see the shadow. That's the same God with Abraham as Melzdc as it's the same God." Now, what happens? Your eyes become open. You think, "Wow, this is amazing. This is wonderful." See, it disappears. How many times does God in your life, he shares something with you? He does something for you and it's very special and you have a special time with God and all of a sudden, where'd he go? I haven't felt him in years, but I still remember what he did for me. Yeah. Yeah. He did something special for me in that little place in there. Changed my life. I don't know what happened. I can't explain it. I just know that my desires that I once had are no longer the same. The only miracle that Jesus did after the resurrection was open blinded eyes. That's what this third pole ministry is all about. It's about opening our blinded eyes to the word for this day. The third pole ministry is a resurrection ministry. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. All of a sudden, man, they realized, "Wow, that was him. That was that was him. They were right. He has risen." All of a sudden, their faith builds to a place and they begin to say to each other, "Wow, did not our hearts burn within us." They were they were sad at one point, but afterwards now they're saying, "Wow, I I yeah, I knew it was him all along." No, you didn't, Cleopus. Your eyes were shut just as much as mine were shut. But but my heart burned within me. It did. And I said, "Wow, Cleopus, so did mine. I There's something within me. I I don't know what it was, but it was familiar. But I didn't know who he was. But now that I know that I know I know not that I can see the picture within the picture, that's all I can see. It was him. Amen. Hallelujah. So, it's pretty this is this amazes me. They didn't just sit in the little house and talk to each other and and just keep it that us two and no more. Maybe we're special. He He came to us and he didn't go to anybody else. No, they it was in the evening time. So what did they do? They turned from Emmas and they went right back to Jerusalem at night time. Yeah. At a time where there's thieves and robbers and animals and different things that could attack them. I They had no flashlights. They had no phones. There's no street lights, electricity. It was dark. Maybe it was a I don't know if it was a full moon or not, but it was dark outside, but they didn't fear the darkness when the word was revealed to them. They weren't scared of what might happen when they went back to Emmas or back to Jerusalem. No, they didn't fear the darkness. They didn't fear the darkness of Lady Osia. No, they were like, "Hey, something's happened. We've met Jesus. I know he's coming. I've seen the word. I'm going to walk in the darkness of Le Oysia because now I am the light. I have nothing to fear of what happens and what doesn't happen. Why? Because I know I've met him and there's nothing to fear in this earth. That's all that matters. Well, what about this and what about that? Well, what about it? What if it never happens? What if God comes and changes our body? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm ready. Amen. There was darkness all around them, but they didn't fear. Why? Because now they had they had something to do now. Yeah. You know what was happening? There was two messengers now that were going back to Jerusalem. There was a Moses and an Elijah that are going back to Jerusalem. Why? Because now that this this Leodysian church age will be over with after the after the ministry is done, after the last person takes their position in the body and God comes and catches us up in the air. Guess what? Now there's two messengers that return. They go from Emmas. They return back to Jerusalem. Why? Because they have a message. It is him. It was him. He was the Messiah. It was true. The testimony was right. Hallelujah. Amen. Luke 24:45 as the musicians come and opened he who opened their understanding. He did. He their understanding that they might understand the scriptures. Understand it is God that opened your eyes. Therefore, it's God that has to open your children's eyes. It's God that has to open your family's eyes. You cannot do it. So don't worry about it. Just leave it in the hands of God and let him do his thing. When their eyes were opened, they saw him. Wow. Their hearts burned within them. Yeah. There's something about this. I don't know what it is. My if my eyes are holding, but I know there's something. If that's you this morning in regards to this message, hey, just because you don't understand it, don't turn away. If you got a desire to serve God, just keep serving God. Don't turn and walk away to Emmas. No. No. Stay in Jerusalem. Because that's where the first resurrection was going to be. That's where they should have been staying was at Jerusalem. Stay in Jerusalem. the holy city. Stay in the presence of God. Stay in the word. Now is not a time to turn back and walk away just because you don't understand it. There will come a day, Amen. where God will take the eyes that were once holding from who he is and he'll take the scales away with the eyes of the Holy Spirit. And all of a sudden, you'll go, "Wow, all these years I've been here listening to these sermons, listening to these tapes. Now I know when I look at it, it's him." What do you see when you look at this message? Yeah. What do you see when you read a sermon or listen to it or follow along and you see the the the doctrines that he teaches? Do you see a man or do you see him? I know what I see. When I read the longer that I've been serving God, the little by little that he reveals himself to me. I'm a slow starter and that's okay. I I'm slow at everything and my wife can she can tell you and that's just fine. Amen. I am who I am. But little by little, he's revealing himself to me. Step by step, sermon by sermon, Wednesday night by Wednesday night, Sunday by Sunday, he's adding a little bit here and a little bit there. And I'm starting to catch the big picture that this message, it's not the message of a man, but it's Christ. The mystery of God revealed before our very eyes. Hallelujah. Let's stand together. Hallelujah. Oh, heavenly father, Lord, I thank you for this day and for this sermon, Lord. And father we are so grateful that you have opened the eyes of our understandings. Father not to a light or a day or a mirage of another age but father god in this end time in this secret place of what we could call aas here in Leodysia. Father you have you have given us this third pull message Lord. Father that our hearts might be turned back to the faith of our original fathers. Lord, help us, I pray, to add the token to our lives and to our homes, Lord, and watch and wait for thy soon coming. We I give this whole thing, Lord, this whole sermon, these people, our lives, Lord, into thy hands now for thy kingdom's glory. Use us as thou wilt in Jesus Christ's name. Amen and amen. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see [Music] you. I see you. I am lifting up. Shining in the light of your glory. [Applause] As we sing, holy, holy, holy, I want to see. I do. I want to see. Sing it as a prayer to him this morning. Open your eyes, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you power of your resurrection. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want Lord. We want to see you high and lifted up today cuz he is high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory forever. Power and love we sing. Holy, holy, holy. I must see Jesus. All for Jesus. Thank you. Jesus offer [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Oh, poor Jesus. My eyes, my ears, everything. All I am and have and all to me. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh for Jesus. [Music] All I am and have and ever to me. [Music] All of my hopes and plan I surrender thee into your all of my ambition. [Music] All of my vision, hopes and plans I surrender. I [Music] surrender to your name. It's only in your will for it's only in your will that I am [Music] free for it all and your will that I be your prayer this morning. Jesus. All for Jesus. Jesus. All for [Music] Jesus. All for Jesus. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh L for [Music] Jesus all my [Music] hand. Hallelujah. How do you explain? [Music] I [Music] for he talked about fears today. Lord, you know our fears. Words cannot express. We cannot express it. We feel nothing. We long for you to hear. Listen to our hearts, [Music] Lord. Oh my. Hallelujah. Song of praise [Music] and we know I tell you what an awesome God you are. Words are not enough. Tell you of our love. to all. Words can fall like grave. Words can fall like from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, Lord, I will still run time if you listen to my heart. [Music] Every people say Lord we say thank you for the light. Thank you for the truth. Thank you Lord. We thank you today. Thank you for eyes to our heart. Oh here our spirit sing. Oh god, you have [Applause] [Music] redeemed. We will use the words. Tell you what an awesome God you are. Words are not enough. Listen to us. Words are not enough. Words are not enough. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord, we thank you for our heart language. We thank you for eyes to have to see. We thank you for ears to hear. We thank you for walking with us along the way. Lord, open our eyes to see you more in the power of your resurrection. Lord, we love you and we praise you. And everyone said, "Amen." Amen. It's good to be in his house this morning. Hallelujah. I'm [Music] [Applause] amazed that you love me and I'm how you and through your blood and all my sins are washed away all my sins. [Music] are one. I'm a man. I'm a man that you love me. [Music] Oh, how you came and through your [Applause] gra and all my sins. They're all washed away. All my sins are away. Give my hand. Clap my praise this morning. [Music] Amen. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. He's given us eyes to see and we shall see him coming in power and in glory. There's a blessed time that's coming coming soon. It may be evening morning. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] United King. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Are you [Music] [Applause] ready? Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My [Music] brother of this world. Amen. We shall see you. We shall see you. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] powerless. Oh, blessed [Music] be. [Music] Oh, rock. [Music] myself. My old [Music] man Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh my [Music] [Applause] god. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Taste and see as we go this morning. This poor man [Music] cry. Heat. Heat. [Music] Let every single [Applause] [Music] around. [Music] Oh magnify with me. [Music] [Music] with me [Music] is [Music] forever and see that [Music] [Music] It's a promise magnify the Lord with me James with Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come on. [Music] Oh, may our bless the [Music] Lord. May we make it a priority like we heard today. I [Music] hallelujah. Lord, we bless you. Bless the Lord every day now, every ounce, every fiber. Oh, they are in. Oh, magnify the Lord with [Music] me. The Lord with me. [Music] exalt his name [Music] forever. Let's bow our hearts this afternoon. Heavenly Father, we come to you at the close of this time of gathering, Lord, this service. Lord, and we may depart this place, but oh God, may we be as those that left that little house as we heard of this morning, that had open eyes, that had something to run back to Jerusalem with. Lord, the despair had been turned into rejoicing. The sadness had been turned into hope. And Lord, we know and we're so thankful for that hope this morning. Lord, may we seek for that as we, as I was just reading with my boys in Proverbs the 2 chapter. Lord, how to seek for these things as those that seek for silver. Lord, we run after our ambitions, Lord, our careers and things. Lord, we put so much effort into that. But Lord, may we leave this place this morning and put our efforts in the hope that you have given us and that we've heard about today. We thank you for this time. Be with each and every one. Lord, may your presence and your angels be with us and protect us on the road and highways, Lord, and the evil would come at us. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Remember the service Wednesday night. Remember we pray for brother Ron, Sister Sandy. They fly home I believe Tuesday. We having service here on this Wednesday night. So please keep everyone in prayer and uh God bless you. To our visitors today, thank you for coming and worship with you. God bless you. Take this presence with you as you go today. [Music] Glory to you. [Music] Down. Heat. [Music] [Music]
