################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - Tape Service - Taking Sides with Jesus - Bro. William Branham - William M. Branham - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   Tape Service - Taking Sides with Jesus - Bro. William Branham
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_7gCsQ_HIE
========================================

will see that I have nothing without you. Sing it one more time. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world they will see that I have nothing without you. Amen. Sing one more before we take the needs tonight. If we could sing I feel Jesus in the room. That should be the same key I believe. I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room today. And when he's in the room, things won't stay the same. I feel Jesus in the room today. Sing it again. Oh, I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room today. And when he's in the room, things won't stay the same. I feel Jesus in the room today. There's healing in the room. Yes, there is healing in the room. Yes, there's healing in the room. There is healing in the room today. There's healing for your mind and healing for your pain. There is healing in the room today. Jesus in the room. Yes. I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room today. And when he's in the room, things won't stay the same. I feel Jesus in the room today. There's forgiveness in the room. Yes, there's forgiveness in the room. There's forgiveness in the room. There's forgiveness in the room today. I can see the father run saying, "Welcome home, my son. There's forgiveness in the room today. [Music] Amen. I trust whatever we have need of, he's here to meet our needs. Amen. We have a few prayer requests tonight. First, brother Kelly McMillan, he needs special prayer. Um, his throat surgery is not until July 8th. Um, he uh he has nas a nasal feeding tube. He hasn't been able to eat or swallow a couple weeks due to throat cancer. So, let's just pray for brother Kelly, brother Mario Chua. He's home sick with the flu. So, if we just remember brother Mario and in prayer if we would. Austin Johnson's requesting prayer for a family friend, Dana Gray. She is advanced stage cancer. She's a mother with four kids in her early 30s and she's also a widow. Amen. Lord knows the need there. And then Andrew and Anissa Kennedy are asking prayer for Alden. He's on the mend, but he's had a rough few days of fever and cough. And then also an unspoken request for brother Andrew. Amen. Brother Andy Manard, if you would come take these to the Lord. If we could just sing I feel Jesus in the room one more time. Oh, I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room. I feel Jesus in the room today. [Music] Yes. And when he's in the room, things won't say the same. I feel Jesus in the room today. God bless you. Thank you. Let's all pray together. Lord, we thank you for your this place, Lord, that you set aside for us. Thank you, Lord. We can come, Lord, and we pray that everybody came with a big cup tonight that you'll fill it up, Lord. Lord, sometimes it we know you how vindicated you are, Lord, in your word and your mercy and your grace. And sometimes it seems like we see such vindication of how weak and insignificant we are. But Lord, that's so we can depend on you. Lord, if we're dependent on ourselves, we've got something to learn. Amen. Lord, I pray tonight that you would uh meet the needs of these spoken and unspoken requests, Lord. And Lord, just ask that you would help us, Lord, in this dark age, Lord. It seems to be just getting darker and darker like you can almost feel it. But Lord, if that light, which you are the light, if you're in us, Lord, we can shine. Maybe we'll help someone along the way that they might turn around. Lord, I pray that you give us all those opportunities to be the light of the world, the salt of the earth, and may we walk out of the doors tonight better at being that. Bless the speaker, bless the hearer tonight. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Just one quick announcement from the Terren family. They'd like to wish Bryce a very happy 12th birthday tomorrow. So, if we just wish Bryce happy birthday, may the Lord bless you. Amen. And if we could sing that song, when I think of the goodness of Jesus, when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he's done for me, oh my soul cries out, hallelujah, praise God for saving me. Yes. When I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he's done for me, oh my soul cries out, hallelujah. Praise God for saving me. One more time. Yes. When I think of the goodness of Jesus and all he's done for me, my soul cries out, "Hallelujah. Praise God for saving me." And I'm leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. I'm leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. And what a fellowship, what a joy divine, leaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessedness, what a peace is mine. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. Yes, I'm leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I'm leaning leading safe and secure from all alarms. I'm leaning leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. And what have I to dread? What have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms. I have blessedness with my Lord so near. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I'm leaning, [Music] leaning, safe and secure from all alarm. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning, leaning, leaning on the everlasting arms. Amen. If we could sing that song. Um, we do have a song special tonight. I want to just give a a special welcome to my parents. They're here tonight. So, my my dad, Brother John, has a song special for us. But before he comes, if we could sing that song. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. You were the word at the beginning, one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory in creation. Now reveal in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. It didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great. Your love was greater. And what could separate [Applause] us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. And death could not hold you. The veil tore before you. You silence abose of sin and grave. And the heavens are roaring. the praise of your glory. For you are raised to life again. Lord, you have no rival. You have no equal. And now and forever, God, you reign. And yours is the kingom. And yours is the gloryy. Yours is the name above all name. And what a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. and nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a beautiful name it is. And nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. Amen. Let's give the Lord a praise offering. Amen. He's so good to us. Thank you for singing everybody for the prayers. Three weeks ago today, I had surgery on my back and I know you prayed for me. I just want to thank you for that. I'm already feeling better than before the surgery. God is good. He's my healer and I'm just so thankful for for him. So, Amen. Good to be with you tonight and just so good to feel the presence of the Lord. We know he's here and we've welcomed him. So, we just want to continue to have him have preeminence in the service tonight. Amen. On a balcony of space stepped a pure and holy God and an awesome solitude. He stood alone. Not one faint star to give him light, just endless rolling blackest night. But somehow through all the darkness he could see. [Music] He saw mountains high and lofty. He saw valleys lush and green. He saw babbling brooks. wild flowers grow. Even heard a robin sing. But he felt a strange compassion as close to love as pain could be. standing out there in his tomorrows. [Music] He saw me. Yes, he saw me in his likeness. He saw me just like him. Pure, clean, and holy, [Music] spotless white within. But he saw me bound in heavy chains and long to set me free. But he knew if I became like him, he must become like me. Jesus paid it all. All to him I owe. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. Could you sing that with me? Jesus paid it all. All to him I owe. sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. Amen. God bless you all this evening. Let me see. I'll use this one here. God bless you all this evening. God bless you all this evening. Amen. Yeah, you're there. You're there. God bless you. Amen. Um tonight we're going to go ahead and listen to a portion of a tape. Um I feel it is an extremely pivotal time in the prophet's life. And uh as one that studies the message as well as the Bible, you begin to see that there are certain things. Jesus said, "From henceforth, I call you no more servants, but I call you friends." That was a pivotal time. That was a time when things were changing. And the prophet of God, now remember from his birth, he's been floundering around wondering what does all of this mean? Uh the pillar of fire came over his bed through the window, you know, at his birth. And he's 1933. The voice spoke and said, "As John the Baptist forerrun the first coming of Christ, you and your ministry shall forrun the second coming." He's had dreams and visions. He's had angels come and speak to him. And uh and yet he's he's wondering, "How will all of this come to pass?" because God, we know you fulfill your word, right? But I don't know how you're going to do it. And so, um, this sermon, taking sides with Jesus, I've told you before, you begin to look and see patterns of certain ministries, whether it's of Elijah, Elisha, different ones within the scriptures. You see the life of Christ from the time that he took the scroll of Isaiah and he found where it was written of him and he said this day is this scripture fulfilled. God's God was doing something that was a milestone. And so the ministry of Christ lasted three and a half years. Although he was here on earth, he was crucified at 3 uh3 and a half years of age. Remember, he entered the ministry at 30, excuse me. And when you look at the Old Testament, you find out Levitical priesthood does not enter their their priesthood until they're 30 years of age. So, we see patterns and types. And you go back from 1965 of when the prophet went off of the scene, take it back three and a half years, you come exactly to this this uh sermon. And brother Brandham is having um a time of what am I to be? Am I an evangelist? Am I a prophet? Uh it's been the mixing of the two gifts. And he's very transparent to us. And he's letting us know that uh there's coming a change in his ministry. He said, "You all know as long as I hold on to the first pole, the second poll can't come. As long as I hold on to the second, the third can't come." Right? Brother Brenham said here, uh, I just hold on just a second. He says in the anointed ones at the end time, notice the very day when this messenger, not when he starts on but when he begins to declare his message. See first first pull healing. Um second pull prophesying. Third pull the opening of the word the mysteries revealed. Yeah. No more. There is no more higher order to reveal the word than prophets. But only the only way the prophet can be vindicated is by the word. Now remember the third pull was the opening of them seven seals to reveal the hidden mystery truth that's been sealed in the word. Do you see it? Amen. All right. So I want you to all stand. Let's sing uh we'll sing only believe before we read the scriptures here. But uh I will go ahead and um I'll be taking some notes and I want some of you to also I want you to to look and ask God give me understanding of a prophet's ministry. What is he doing? What is he saying? Why is he taking sides with J? I thought he's always taking sides with Jesus. What? Why is he naming it this? What what what's going on? Uh what does he see? So, let's just sing. Brother Greg, you can go ahead and take this here. I I'm just going to have you only believe. Holy be all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible [Music] only believe. Amen. Thank you musicians. God bless you. Let's just turn with me if you would to the scriptures. Amen. Let's go to second Corinthians chapter 2. Second Corin I didn't give this to the brethren there. If they can pull it up that's fine. 2 Corinthians chapter 2 verse 7. But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory. So this hidden wisdom is actually something that God has ordained to our glory. Think about this. The revealing of the word, the mysteries been revealed. Makes you a part of the glory of God in its revealing. All right. Verse 12. Now, now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God, which things also we speak, not in the words which man's wisdoms teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth, comparing spiritual things with spiritual. Verse 14. But the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him. Neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned. But he that is spiritual judges all things, yet he himself is judged of no man. For who hath know the mind of the Lord? that we may instruct him. But we have the mind of Christ. May God add the blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated tonight. Amen. I got to thinking about where were we conceived? Where were we in the beginning before time began? We were in the mind of God. So we dropped down into a a glitch called time. And here we're going back to where we were in the beginning. So how does God do it? Takes you back. If you started in the mind, he takes you back to what was in his mind, revealing to you the very the very mysteries of God himself. And so from the mind of God, here we go. Now spiritual thinking coming back to the mind of God, alpha coming back to omega. Amen. God bless you all. So, we would like to go ahead and for those of you that have a cell phone or an iPad, something and you want to get this sermon, it is uh taking sides with Jesus, uh 1962601. And we're going to be projecting it on the overhead here so that you can see it. And I want you to really take notice of what he's of what he's saying and listen carefully because he's sharing you with you what's happening in his ministry and he has preached sermons such as change of ministry um explaining the ministry or the ministry explained or uh the present stage of my ministry. All of this, he's speaking to the people to let them know something's changing, something's happening. So, uh, if we could, brethren, you could go ahead and when you're ready, let's play from the very beginning here. And what we'll do at the end, if you guys will watch me, when I come back up to the pulpit, you cut it off there and mark it down so that when we if we don't finish it. I know we won't finish it all tonight, but on our next service where we have another tape service, we'll do that. Brethren, God bless you as we all listen to God's servant and prophet, Brother Brenham. some place in Louisville where you you eat and it's called um uh let's see dog patch restaurant. I got one today. When anyone eats there then they take the money that you gave them and send the church the tithing off of it. Some work at 319 West Jefferson Street. I guess that's why Billy had it laying here so they could see. Um that's mighty nights. Now brethren, I don't know what your procedure of of man's meeting just what you do or how you conduct your meetings and if I get off a schedule here, why off the regular routine, why you call my attention to it. It was purpose tonight. I thought as I had uh a dinner not long ago with our most beloved pastor, Brother Neville, and I was saying something to him, what was on my heart. And I thought if we get a bunch of man together and the ministers, our uh colleagues here of the gospel and man, we could talk to one another in a way that we wouldn't talk it before the public because we're all in we're man understand is man, Christian man. And that way uh usually in a congregation, a group, you say something and and want to lean it a little this way and one lean it that way and and then it goes all out. But where we come to try tonight to tell you what I have in my heart uh concerning the church and its uh and its uh place and its position. And then if we get done in time, I would like to speak to you just a little bit on the word if it's all right. Just kind of settle that. So we'll get our business part or the part that I like to express to you first. And I guess maybe you let out regular time about 9:30 or something like that, like each night. Well, I'll try not to keep you long. Tomorrow, Saturday, and the big commercial day, but now, uh, we have to get our groceries and so forth. I want to say to brother Neville publicly now I I want to say to each one of you just like I was talking privately to you just each one because you're a group that that's uh I really think that and believe and teach that man God has made man leadership of his church of his people. See, and it's uh as I was preaching down to brother um Juny Jackson's last night about God fortified his his people with his word. And it was a woman that broke through that line and give vent to reason. And when he did, God forever has always placed it for his uh for man to keep his church fortified by word. Now uh I want to encourage brother Neville just a little talking to him privately. I noticed last night the zer has struck me till three times I was in the pull pit and I turned around because I'm trying to keep as far away from it as I can until I find out what the dream meant to me here not long ago. A few weeks ago it stuck with me for a long time. I told it here in the church about something about the message and and discernment and so forth. It just didn't just wasn't coming out right. To my opinion, that time's over. And um I may be wrong on that, but I noticed that it um Brother Neville was kind of weary and upset. And I just want you to know, brother Neville, that you're only anticipating in this fellowship in that. Have you just noticed what Satan's tried to do in the last few days that what ministers that's associated in this fellowship? Just stopped for a few minutes and wonder brother Craig sitting here tonight. Almost killed up there on the road. See, and uh I almost had my head blow off with a shotgun or with a rifle. See, Satan trying to take us there. you crashed right in and could have killed yourself and some woman also. See, just the ministers. Look at just the the ministering group. It's Satan and he's trying to get rid of us. Now, we are realize that we're not assembled here to talk on some kind of a business. We're here to assemble to talk on the on Christ and the hopes to take a hold and what to do for this present time. And I I want to encourage you, brother Neville. Uh be courageous. No matter what comes up, what goes, what takes place, just don't let nothing beset you. Just stand there like a rock of ages and God will make everything come out all right. He's proved that to you. Of course, you that could have upset you. That could have killed that woman and had been on your mind the rest of your days. There been a lot of things, but God is still on the throne. He He lets those things work out all right. It could have taken us, too. And um so Satan fighting at the church. Now, when I laid that cornerstone there that morning, I never felt that I'd ever be a pastor. It wasn't in my callings at the beginning and my first call was to be on the field of evangelism as many years ago and started off over here in a tent just across the street and I remember when brother Roy Davis down there and his church burnt down that bunch of people was just like scattered sheep without a shepherd had no place to go and Mr. Mr. Hipsenberg was chief of police then and he called me down there and he said to me I we're here to help you said I'm Catholic myself but said them people said they don't probably had the closes during the time of the depression said they go to other churches they feel out of place and they're good people I know many of them he said Billy if you want to start a church he said I want you to know that we're behind you and anything we can do to help you and I thanked him for it we had a tag day first we prayed and asked the Lord and people come to me and wanted to build a church so I could have a place to go. And uh we decided this place and one night along this time we're a little further here in a pile of horse weeds right along in here and water this ditch and just had been a like a dump like well the Lord spoke to me definitely said build it right here not a penny of money and among us we had about about 80 cents or a dollar and that of course you would laugh at that now brother that was some money then when some neighbor cook a pot of beans and get the neighbor had nothing two or three days, come over and eat a few of them. That was hard times. A lot of the young fellas ever seen that. Well, that was hard going. I've seen a time that you could pass through this church, a collection place two times or three and get 30 cents out of a place packed full and begged for it. It would you probably got 30 cents and had a good offering. And it's really rough going. And we had nothing to deal with. Yeah. the the desire of the people was to build a church so he could have a place to go because in them days the message well you think it's badly thought of now you ought to know it then when there's nobody and then this water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ and the blessings and things that we believe in and stand for. So upon my heart I made a a promise to God that we would stay here and build the tabernacle. the morning we laid the cornerstone. He met me over there in a vision about 8:00 that morning when I was sitting there watching out across the sun coming up just about this time of year. And he had told me after he had met me down on a river, but that when the angel of the Lord appeared in that that light and I seen it in the distance, it looked like a star and it come right down over where I was and then notable words was spoken. And uh so then uh purpose then to get a place for the people to worship in. Now I thought myself it ain't for me. It's nothing to me. But yet anything that's con pertaining to God is part of me. No matter if it's anything that's it's uh for God's children. It's for me whether it's my duty to do this or do that. It's my duty to see to God's heritage regardless of where it's at. See, just like you say, well, my like as a little boy, he say, my my business is just to chop the wood, not pack it in. Let John pack it in. I don't care if snow falls or it rains, let him get out and get it. No, it's your duty as a as a a child of that home to see that that wood don't get wet for your mother. See, pack it in. If they say, "Well, Frank should have went and got the water." It ain't my business. But if Frank didn't get the water, it's your business to take care of the water. That's all. Uh that's just way it runs. And that's the way it runs in God's family, too. If some of them, some of them said the other not long ago said, "Quit preaching the way you are. My goodness, you're going to ruin every friend you got and everything like that." Said, "Let that alone. I know it's wrong, but my it ain't our business." Well, whose business is it then? If it's wrong, somebody's got to do it. Amen. So, let's just do it. And that's the way I feel about the church. The building programs and so forth has come up and down up and down and there's been pro and con in the buildings and so forth. One wanted the other didn't want it and this that you you find it like that. You find that as you deal amongst ministers, amongst businessmen, amongst lodges everywhere you go where you got a group of men you you've got different ideas. And so therefore, you've got to have one person that you put confidence in and elect that person all work with that. It's like in the army, you've got to have one as a general. That's a headquarters. Captain says this, he's the captain of that group, but then the general can change his orders. And the chief commanding general, of course, is Jesus Christ in the church. And his ministers are his uh captains of the companies that that's representing him here on earth. And they have tried many things, the little tabernacle here. And finally, I kept quiet in it just to see after I'd built it. And then the Lord called me out into the field about 15, 16 years ago, and I left the church. But still, I just can't turn it out. I've always kept my name attached to it so that I could be a vote sometime. If the wrong thing got started in here, I'd have a right to come and and stop it because I've sweated it out for many years behind this pulpit. 17 years in here to keep the thing straight when all kinds of isms and ins and outs and every kind of a cult and being the inner denomination everything that flew in, flew in this way and by the help of God, we stood here with the unadulterated gospel and she still stands the same tonight. And so we but this times that this church has been tried to be sold out from under me and everything else like that. If my name wasn't attached to it down there, why it sure would be been an awful fix tonight. Not and it wasn't me. It was God of course that did it. And then as I see it now coming into the place that it is and we're living in a great hour, it's still my interest to say something about this church. See, because it's it's a part of me. No matter whether I'm here or not, it's still a part of me. And it's my duty to see to it that it operates clean, clear, and the best I can for the kingdom of God. And I'm very grateful that in these days I see it's got little satellites to it. that I am grateful for brother uh Crair and his Sersburg group and brother back there that just taken brother Snelly's place at Udica and brother Ruddle up here and brother Junior Jackson those precious boys who are fine man wonderful man of God they preach this message now they may one might disagree just literally up on something another that's only human amongst the group of the ministers yet And um if ministers have a little difference, there won't be a a shadow of a difference in it. Maybe one might say, "I believe that the millennium will come and Jesus will be on a white horse." Others say, "I believe when he comes, he'll come on a white cloud." Well, as long as they believe he's coming. That's the main thing. See, no matter how he's coming, just they believe he's coming and making ready for it. And um that way I have tried to find out and I've been studying. I told it out before the congregation. I've been studying the early church and I watched the way that those anointed men uh prepared uh the house of the Lord and the order of the Lord's worship in the house and it struck me real real good and I preached her some time ago and upon the subject of Joel uh two I will restore sayaeth the Lord all the years of the pal worm eating and a can caterpillar and tank of worm and so forth. And um I began to study on that about what these men did and the way that they um taking care of the church that God had left him overseer. Now we're going to start off with the early church and just bring it for about five minutes now down to what they did and then I can show you the vision that I have for the future. Now at the beginning the church was inaugurated at Pentecost and there the Holy Spirit fell upon them where Jesus had chosen 12 and one of them had fallen and they chose Minus to take his place and the Holy Spirit waited until all this was an order before it come. They had to choose one to take the bishopy of of Judas that fell by transgression to fulfill the scripture. And I believe that all these things has a time of lingering waiting but it's waiting for a time for the scripture to be fulfilled that everything gets right. Everything in ordering many times we get p impatient like a child. We great get great anticipations and many times jump way ahead and that that just hinders the work until the work gets caught up. You see, we must just move reverently, have a purpose in heart that God if he would desire to use us in such and such, but wait till he makes the opening cause he has to go be ahead of us. You remember David going to battle that night? He was weary about that fight and he laid under those malleberry trees until he heard the Lord and the rumbling of the leaves going before him. Then he went with courage because he know that God had gone before him. And if we'd only do that, brethren, knowing the battle must come, but we must wait till we see the hand of God going before us to make a way. Amen. Now I notice that how the churches the evangelism started scattering out everywhere and then we'll take for instance Paul becoming a great missionary to our people. We find out that he went about wherever the Lord led him and he established the church and it was a new faith. the churches of those days like in Asia Minor all throughout Europe they they didn't believe that message and when he had preached the message and many was converted to it then there was no one if he left the people in that condition they'd wander right back out into their pagan gods and into Judaism and whatever more because the people had no one to teach them the the converts, they had no place to go. So Paul established churches in different parts of the country. Each one of these churches, he left someone who was an order, a man that was trustworthy, a man that was known as a pastor, shepherd or uh then after this church then become other little churches come out of it, young man and old man raised up and become uh churches out of that. The man that was over the first church was called the bishop. And then his that went out from him, his children was called shepherds or pastors. And then this group of little churches all would come back to this bishop. Back in the time of Ireinius, he carried on the same thing. Martin carried on the same thing. Polocarart carried on the same thing. right on down through the age. They had that. And then the apostle of the church, the apostle, that was the Paul. And when Paul left, John took over the church. And when John left, Polocarp taking it over. When Polocarp left, Arinius taken it over. and on down. Martin and so forth just kept on going until the Roman Catholic Church broke the whole thing to pieces and burn them and scattered them and the polymer worm eat this and the canker worm eat that and so forth eat that and eat that until it brought it plum down to a stall. Now, but God promised to restore again that same thing. I have I do believe with all my heart that we're living in the last days. Amen. I believe that there there's not too much would break the anything and my interpretation may be wrong of the scriptures that Jesus could not come tonight. I believe it and what little that to be fulfilled could be fulfilled before daylight in the morning. Yeah, that I'd see and I may be wrong on the time of that fulfilling but it's at hand the I believe that and remember Paul believed that John believed that Polart believed that Irene believed that Martin believed that all the rest of them believe that what if God would have told John the revelator now it's going to be 2,000 years before my coming John would have come told the church, "Well, I guess we might as well eat, drink, be merry, cause going to be many generations." See, uh, Jesus ain't coming for 2,000 years. See? So, see, the church have been loose. There have been no on the mark. There have been no waiting. After all, it's your anticipations. If you fall asleep in that watch that you wake with them same anticipations because they ain't going to hinder one thing. You're going to be right there on time. Anyhow, see what I mean? Now, when when St. Martin awakes in the resurrection, St. Paul, all the rest of them, it'll be just as fresh as if they was right in the battle battling right away cuz he went right down under those same anticipations looking for his coming. And there'll be a screen coming up will come the whole church. You see, that'll be it. So, it doesn't matter. See, we've got to be looking for him right now. Even we don't know it. It could be possibly it could be a hundred years from now. It could be 500 years, a thousand years, 10,000 years. I don't know. Nobody knows. But say for instance that we live each day that he was coming that day. If we live like he was coming this day when we awake, if we sleep and we awake in the resurrection, it'll be just as fresh as if we just fallen asleep. Just woke up. The trumpet will sound. The dead in Christ shall rise first. We which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with him to meet the Lord in air. See shall be just as fresh. But now until that time until he comes we want to live each day like he might come the next minute because it might be the end of your life at that minute. You don't know when you're going. This may be some of our last breath. We have it in us now. So you want to live like it is. But now to carry on further, we've got to put footprints here on the sands of time that others can see. If Paul hadn't went on the way he did, then John wouldn't know how to follow. If John hadn't went on, Polocart wouldn't have known how to follow. If Polocart wouldn't have went on, Ireneius wouldn't know how to follow. Byius wouldn't have went on. Martin would have known how to follow. See what I mean? Each one has to put footprints on the sands of time. Well, if I thought that there was a denomination or any other group of believers that had anything better than we have here, brethren, I would want to emerge this little body with it right quick. I've waited. I have longed. I have been under anticipations and believe that some great one was coming someday or maybe the great prophet that I speak will come of the Elijah. I've always believed and thought maybe that maybe I'd live to see the day that when I could change when I'd see that person rise on the scene then I could take my little church and say, "Brethren, this is the man we have looked for. this man, he is the one. I've waited for that. And if actually that has passed, then I'm looking to say it from up here, brethren. This is the one coming from here. See, and I want to see the church kept up like that. I must have stepped on something or done something and put a lot of uh more uh life in that thing. So, um now I would like to say this. that now that this is an established church, let me just stop again just a moment. When I went to Bombay, I count that my greatest meeting because of the effects it had on the people. And I if in Africa they say 30,000 came to Christ at one time, then there was 150 or 200,000 came to Christ at one time out of that half a million there. What could I do? There wasn't a thing perhaps maybe say there was just say there's 100,000 of them there was no church nothing I could do there's nobody to give to them the message I believe I there wasn't even a Pentecostal denomination would cooperate with me and all those souls probably drifted right back into se Buddhism whatever more they come from no place to put them now that's a shame that's a disgrace see because I had no cooperation operation because of the stand that I take. Well, in Africa, I went in there under that opaces of the uh the AF of African faith missions. And when I did, of course, I can't agree with them. They they baptized people in a triumph baptism three times face forward. One of them baptizes three times backward. one for one God the Father and the other for another God the Son, the other for another God the Holy Ghost and baptizing three different times for three different gods and all such stuff as that and perhaps the Durban meeting not having it rightly and the people see such a scattered amongst the Pentecostal faiths and so forth the people didn't know what to do they had no place to go perhaps what if we just had a revival here brother let me place it like this what if we just got through the big revival and you brethren had just got converted and there wasn't a church of this type in the country nowhere and I've been the evangelist and now I'm leaving out. You may never see me again. What would you do? You'd feel like you wouldn't know what to do. You can't go back to that waller again. You can't go back down there with uh with your wives to wear shorts and your and uh to your card parties and dances and things like that and never be satisfied again. You've come to life. You've raised above that thing. You've come to a place instead of saying this is our creed saying this is God's word and you've come to live by this what this says and not what and you go down there and listen to them and hear them go down play bunk ho and have a dance and this that and the other a little bit of message that had nothing in it about some mayor or something or was going to be reelected or some kind of a political affair and cut off in 10 or 15 minutes after you've been sitting here day after day in great gastronomical jubilees of the word and things you wouldn't know what to do. You'd be so burdened with it to some of you lay members would feel like starting up a church and start preaching yourself because your heart would burn for the word of God and you'd feel bad for the people that felt the same way you did. Isn't that right? Though you know Jesus is coming, thought he was coming tomorrow, yet you'd want to do something today for those people who fellow citizens of the kingdom of God to come together. You want fellowship with them. That's right. So if it's this way now, I believe with all my heart that the Lord has helped me and has used me to spearhead a great revival, one of the greatest has ever struck the world since the early days across the world. We know that. That's right. All gone at that time. And and he met me down there on the river and told me that the message that I had would forun the second coming of Christ. And I suppose there's nobody here tonight that was down there that day. That's been about 32 years ago when that light appeared and standing there at me looking right at it. Hundreds of people standing looking at it. They come right down and that voice spoke years later. Strange that the camera takes the same picture. Looks the same thing just exactly what I told you on the river. Now I may be mistaken in a lot of things, brethren, but I don't want to be a hypocrite. I want to be honest and straight with you. And then another thing, if id have went away, what would we have never built a church here like that? It's hard to know what we'd had. See, if I just went on, but the God of heaven put it upon my heart to build this church here. And then when he called me out into evangelism, we've had pastor after pastor and so forth, but now we got a a precious brother here who's uh of the faith, believes the message. We've got other brothers out here that's believes a message haven't Am I getting too loud, Brother Beer? All right, let's see. Yeah. Um had uh we got we got the material and now you say, "Well, brother Brandon, if they won't hear these signs and wonders of the great God of heaven, how we going to do it?" Well, now what if St. Paul would have had that same idea? See what? But he didn't. those bishops stay just as loyal to the message and they and Paul ever so often after making his round you've read the Bible how he visit back with these churches talk with the pastors and with the bishops and so forth and tough uh relief from the people and and had a oh just a great time of fellowship like a revival or a big time of jubilee and the Holy Spirit would fall upon them and messages would come look when he went down there to Philillip even his daughters prophesied and said these chains and prison waiting for the for our brother when he gets up there and no more got out in the yard and here come acus a prophet walking down looked across the street had never seen Paul before the general overseer this whole group of churches throughout Asia and he walked over there and pulled a string off of his side he had his garment tied with bound his hands and said thus sayeth the Lord chains and prisons wait for the one that wore this up there see prophesy and Paul said, "I know it. I know it, but don't break my heart now. Let me finish my course." He was tired. He was finished. And he was going on and leaving his bishop with Timothy. Now, we got to think of young people. We got children. Most of us people here, married man has children. Well, what about them? It's coming on. See, like I used to kick up down there about them throwing those cast nets on the river, pulling out them perch and the drinks, drunkards and things. I've seen them piled high as this ceiling here. Big fine perch laying there to stink and be all around the river. I went out as a game warden to make him stop it. I got to let her leave him alone. What are you going to do? It belongs to Kentucky. Now Kentucky warden can't come over here because he's out of his territory. Indiana warden has nothing to say into it because the water belongs to Kentucky. There you are. Nothing could be done. I said, I've got a boy coming on will like the fish. Why did they put his picture in the paper if he caught a chub? 20 years now. Let that go on like that. Those nets, traps, and everything else. It's practically getting like that right now. See, what's the matter? You've got to think of these as coming on. So, we've got to think of the others that's coming on behind us, these young people, and so forth. And a place for our children, our daughters. We don't want them out in the world and these things like that. We want them girls raised like their mothers and we've got to make arrangements for that. And if there is no tomorrow, we don't know that. If there is no tomorrow, we haven't done nothing but been at the master's business and been found at our post of duty when he does come. See, so I would suggest this. I did brother Neville. Let's carry this on just as we have. Let's let it just the way it is. I'm grateful for these young ministers. See, actually at the day of judgment for this entire valleys to hear there will be no excuse because we've got little churches setting out everywhere. Outpost, listening post waiting. Last night and brothers church and asked if all in there was fortified behind the word and every hand went up. Now that made me feel good. See now what I would think would be this brethren at like in the church here now I the my ministry has the best amount of thinking four things that can be done and it might not be either four that's the only outlook I can think of if that one has spoke to me down there on the river if this is all that was left for the gentile church which we realized In Revelations, it says one, two, three chapters to the church. The church goes up in the fourth chapter. It does not return anymore to the 19th chapter. That's after the tribulation period. When God calls out the Jews, right? And like Enoch, he went up before one drop of rain ever hit the earth. It was gone. Then the tribulation set in. See, Noah was in the ark before any tribulation set in. Lot was out of Sodom before any tribulation set in. See, and the church will be gone before any tribulation period. Now during the tribulation that will be the sleeping virgin will be hunted down by the dragon spurts water from his mouth which it means multitudes and people armies that'll search down and take this woman uh uh remit of her seed and will kill her. Now that will be in the tribulation period but the church will go home. Now, if if that take would take place tomorrow, it wouldn't hinder miskeeping on today. Let's make today count. Now, what I think down there, if that angel that said those words to me said, as John the Baptist was sent to forun the first coming of Christ, see, your message has to take this message and it would forerun the second coming of Christ. Well, if this has been it, and we're real real close, brethren, because the hour and the light of the message just about gone out. Did you notice when Pentecost fell and those brothers were filled at Pentecost with the Holy Ghost, it wasn't hardly any time until the message had be to dim down and they begin to set up churches the whole for Christ, expecting him to come. That's the same thing is taking place today if the scripture is true. I will restore sayaeth the Lord all that the palm of worm and cake of worm has eaten. Now if that be it if that is the message and God forgive me I I do not know if that's it then the time is close at hand really because the message is over. And the other night I was dreaming that I went to have discernment where a great host of my friends are gather thousands of them in a meeting. There's a fellow come got me and Billy usually comes gets me because he don't talk to me. This man just talked to Blue Street and before I got over there all the anointing was gone from me for it. And then I said, "Well, I'll just go over there and and preach the message of telling those people, don't fool those denominations and so forth and come out like this." And when I got to the platform, that had left me. I don't know what it meant, but I was going on. I just don't know. It could be the end of my road. It could be the coming of the Lord. It could be the change of the day. It could be the coming of that mighty one. If it's to be another besides what's already come, it could be that. All those things we'd have to draw from. It would be. And as I stand here tonight before God and you, brethren, I don't know. I couldn't tell you. If I did, I'd tell you. Or I wouldn't mention bring anything up like this. If I didn't know which way if I know which way the thing was going, I' i'd say it, but I don't know. I can't tell. I'm going right now on meetings without one speck of leading. I'm going because I don't want to set up there. I I I like to get out in the woods as well as anybody. If I'm wrong in this, God forgive me. There's three things could happen to me. It's either the end of my road and let this other one come on. I've opened up the road for him to take over. Remember, the one that comes to preach will be on the word restoring the faith of the children back to the fathers. It could be the end of my road. It could be that he's changing my ministry back into evangelism or overseas. Or it could be that he's not going to call me anymore for an evangelist and he's taking me into the wilderness somewhere to anoint me to send me forth like the promised one is to come. I think there could be any of those things. I cannot go on the way I've been going because I'm the people has believe me I I have to say this I said before man the people many times regard me as being a prophet I do not regard myself that no sir I do not I have I don't say that to be humble I say that to be truthful I do not regard myself to be a prophet of the Lord I I that honor. I believe that the Lord has used me and little special things to help maybe lay a foundation for a prophet that will come. But a prophet doesn't operate the way I operate. Now, you know that a prophet isn't an evangelist and an evangelist isn't a prophet. A pastor isn't a evangelist, then a evangelist isn't a pastor. But God is set in the church, first apostles, then prophets, then teachers and pastors and so forth. God set them in the church and God gave them an office. But the morning when I laid that cornerstone because, now if you're spiritual, you get it. because of the cry of the people. If you could break that out or take the book and read it, it said, "Do the work of an evangelist." Didn't call me to be evangelist, but said, "Do the work of an evangelist, for the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine, but for heap themselves together teachers having ancient ears, and shall turn from truth to fables." see quoted that scripture and told me where to find it. Said it three times and I got the Bible and turned to where he told me and there it was. And now you know about the two buckets of the Pentecostal oneness and the Pentecostal assemblies. I never crossed them. I planted their own trees right where they were because I think they were both wrong. But out of it, I was at the cross at the harvest. God respects anybody who's sincere. Peter said that he perceived that God was no respective person. All nations calling when on the house of Cornelius when they received the Holy Ghost like they did at the beginning. See God is no respect of person. We see a person deeply and sincere, he can be sincerely wrong. But if he is sincerely, God will lead him to the light somewhere. He'll come to it because God's obligated to do that. And we think about the coming of the Lord being such a a great thing and the message no more than it went. And remember, there's a predestinated group to be here when the Lord returns. And it might not be over a dozen. We don't know. It might be 100 million, might be 10,000. But if the predestinated will hear the message and believe it, if it's the message sent of God, which we believe it to be. Now here we are then right up here to the end of the time when if God did call me now listen this is not to be repeated. If he did call me to be his prophet then I'm certainly not holding the office of one. Prophets don't evangelize. A prophet hides himself in the wilderness alone with God until he gets exactly directly what God wants him doing. He stomps right out and gives his message and back into the wilderness he goes again. He's not an evangelist holding meetings and getting cooperations and all these things like evangelists do. He don't teach like evangelists. He has thus stay at the Lord and that's it and that's all. He gives it throws it out. Let the chips fall where it will and then way he goes again. Nobody knows where he's at. He's in isolation somewhere. Now I cannot or if he's called me to be that I cannot be an evangelist. And if he's called me to be evangelist, I cannot be a prophet. Now you get what I mean? I don't know what to do. I've done reverently when he told me first about be holding people's hand and praying for them, then know the secret of their heart and all these different things. And brethren, that's infallible. You know that's to be the truth. Every one of you knows that. and how he told me it would blast across the world and it's done it just exactly every nation under the heavens and heard everywhere newspapers tape recordings everywhere I don't know how it's ever done it but throughout all the world letters coming in and people from way down and piling in the hot tops back in there how those missionaries has crowded back in there with those tapes and giving that interpretation of the word and how we hear from all over the world around the world. Now this the church is predestinated universally everywhere. Be two in the bed, two in the field. See, take one and leave one. Now, as I have done the work of an evangelist, and here's my plea. If that is pleasing to God and I've done the work all right, trusting that I have pleased him, asking forgiveness for all my mistakes, then he may be calling me from the field of evangelism to be his prophet. Then if it is, I'll leave evangelism. But if he calls me to be a prophet, I cannot be an evangelist. If I'm to be a bangist, I cannot be a prophet. I'm mixing the two offices. That's where I've always fussed about. Standing on the platform. It's never been good successful. God has used it, but I've never thought it was his direct will. It's been his permissive will. Stand on the platform. A vision or two will knock you out almost. See? And then if you tell this person how to straighten himself up and what to do and then the next person stands there, he's expecting the same thing and you can't tell him unless something tells you to tell him. And then the other people feel like you're a traitor or a demon something because you don't tell them what they want to know. See, that's not the office. the way of a prophet. Musicians, if you'll come now, let me for the next couple moments say that if you'll begin to look at this and follow the train of thought as the prophet of God goes along. In paragraph four, he talks about the leadership of man. God has always used the leadership of man. So he establishes a pattern. Then he goes to paragraph six. He says, "Now Satan's trying to get rid of the ministry." You get that? God lays down a pattern. Satan wants to destroy the ministry. Why? Look at here. All these brethren, watch this. This brother got in a car wreck. This one over here, this and that. He said, "Satan trying to get rid of the ministry." Paragraph 19, he says, uh, I kept my name on the church. He says, you know, they even tried to take the church out from underneath me. Actually wanted to vote Brother Brenam out, but because his name was on the title, right? So, you don't think he went through some issues himself? This was his own church. They would have voted him out. They would have taken it over. Brother Brenham says it right there on tape. He says, now the reason that I keep my name here on it, he said, even though you've got brother Neville here, he says, I just kind of stay in the background overseer because he says, I've I've got interest in this. I've started this. I want to make sure that it goes right. And if somebody comes in here with it's some kind of doctrine, I want to come in here and I want to straighten it. You guys are hear him saying it on tape. [Music] Then in paragraph 26 he says Paul went out and established a church. He went out and got convert converts and he started a church. Paragraph 35, excuse me, back on paragraph 26, he says, "Now I go out and other ministers go out and have great meetings, get converts, and nowhere to put them. No church that has been established that I can send them to." Now, Brother Brennham says, "If you do not think that I believe in going to church," he said, "I've sent over 750,000 of my converts to the Pentecostal Church, Assembly of God. It's on tape." He said, "I believe in going to church." Or I said, "I would have been a hypocrite to send him somewhere that I don't believe in going to church." So in paragraph 35, brother Brennan makes a statement. Well, maybe I've laid a platform, a foundation for that great prophet to come on the scene. You see, there's where different ones said, "Yeah, that that's me. He's laying the foundation. I'm the one." Because brother Brennham, even as John the Baptist said, there's one coming after me whose shoes I'm not worthy to unloose. Well, brother Renham said, 'If I'm not the one, there's another one coming after me. Who was it? The revealing of the son of man. So, was it a ministry of a man? Yeah, but the son of man. You see that? Paragraph 38, he says, "If we have nowhere to send them, what'll happen? They'll go right back." because he says, you know, they'll just filter right back into the same thing that they come out of. No church to go to. He says, why lay members would get so moved of God, they would go and start a church somewhere because there was a fire burning within their hearts. Paragraph 44, God put it on my heart to build a church. Brother Bram is talking about that. Here he is in 1933 as John the Baptist. And yet God's telling him, "Go build a church because you can go out here, get all these converts, but you have nowhere to send them." Do you think Brother Brennan believed in going to church? Yes, he did. Now, he says um in paragraph 61. Maybe it's the end of my road. Maybe I'm going off the scene. He said, "There's one of three things that can happen to me." He's very transparent. He's letting you know, listen, those people are not Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. They're not standing up and getting all excited. They're listening very carefully. He says, "Now, I'm I" He hasn't even taken a scripture and started to preach yet. He said, "I want to talk to you privately." He's got his little family there. He said, "Now, one of three things." [Music] He says, "Maybe I'm laying the foundation for another one to come after me." He says, "Now, if I have on paragraph 70, if I have done the work of an evangelist, here's my plea. If it's pleasing to God and I've done that work, all right, trusting that I've pleased him. Asking forgiveness for my mistakes. That's hard for some people to even allow Brother Brenham to say that. Brother Brennham also said, "I've shown to you by the scriptures that every prophet, every man of God makes their mistakes, but God makes no mistakes." See what I'm saying? He says, "Uh, then he may be calling me from evangelism to be his prophet. Then if it is, I'll leave evangel and he calls me a prophet. I cannot be an evangelist. If I'm an evangelist, I can't be a prophet. It's mixing the two offices. It's what I've always fussed about. Standing at a platform, never been good or successful. Are you kidding me? Never been good and successful. you sister over here. You're just praying about this. God showed me. Stand up. God just healed you. Yes. Are you over here like this? And people My Hallelujah. Praise God. Stand up, sir. God just healed you of cancer. On never been successful. It's what I've always fussed about. And he says, and this discernment comes to me. He says, you give one, thus sayith the Lord. Tell them what's wrong with them. Tell them this and that. and the next one come up and unless God shows you you can't and they think you're a hypocrite. Well, see, look, he calls himself a prophet. He ain't no prophet. If he did, he'd tell me what was wrong. But he can't. See, brother Bren being very, very transparent for us. Saints of God, this message when you get into it, you see my He says, "Now I've mixed this." He says, "I've never felt it to be successful. It's been God's permissive will." But remember now his doctrinal teaching. He's going to take and use that to bring you into the perfect will. He's going to have visions, dreams, prophecies, things coming to pass, but he don't understand it. Why do you think he goes to Sabino Canyon? Why do you think he goes up there praying? We all think that he knew everything and God shown him everything and and he was never nervous and it was all going to be okay and but he goes up there, okay Lord, if you're taking me off the scene, that's fine. And sword hits his hand. This is the third pull. This is not the end of your ministry. It's the vindication of it. What? What? This is the vindication when he has been at the apex of his ministry. And he's coming to the time of the opening of the seals. And even after the seals, do you know doors are closing for him around the world. Does he go back into world evangelism? Does he go back and have great revivals? And no, he doesn't. He He goes back to Jeffersonville and he preaches and he stores up food. He says, "Go back home." He says, "I can't preach these things out there." How many of you are thankful you got spiritual food stored up in due season? Thank God we can go back to the tapes and hear what he said because I'll tell you what, there's so many interpretation. He said this and he said that. I ain't going to church while he just said, you know, do this and that and and hey, but we can go back. We can hear what he said. Amen. That's why he said, "Say what I say on those tapes." God bless you all this evening. Thank you for coming out to the house of God tonight. We're going to go on continue on. Hallelujah. Until he comes. Let's stand together. I appreciate all of you. We will continue. You brothers, mark that down. I think we stopped at paragraph 71. We'll mark that down and we'll start next time. carry on because you know he continues explaining a little bit more about the change of his ministry. He said I you know world evangelism evangelist prophet I can't mix it permissive will I want to go into his perfect will. Praise the Lord. God's so good to let us know these things so that we can get in here and we can say okay I see exactly what he's doing. He's he's wrestling even within himself. What does this vision mean? This blast. Am I going to die? Got his hand up in Sabino Canyon. Lord, what do you mean? No man can live through that. And he said something struck my hand. He said, "It's the not a king's sword. It's the king's sword." Amen. Amen. God bless you all this evening. What is the name of this song? He became me. Yeah, you go ahead and start it there, brother Greg. Thank you, brother John, for that song you sang tonight. God bless you. So that I might become him by grace. [Music] He became me so that I might become him by grace. And he took my place so that I by his love could take his. Yes, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Father, that we sat here tonight. Sometimes people wonder, well, what did brother Brennham mean? What what about this change? What about change of administration? What's what's going on? What about this tent? What about this third pole? What about all of these things? But father, if we just go and listen and we let him explain it, it becomes so simple and so easy to understand. Father, because God is revealed in simplicity. Oh God, I pray keep us simple and yet let us have not carnal minds, not minds that try to figure it out, but to be spiritually minded that we might understand the very things of what you're wanting us to understand and to live by. We thank you and we praise you. I ask that you be with each and every one, Lord. And if you come before morning, take us with you, Lord. [Music] Take us with you. Come quickly, Lord. Darkness, gross darkness is upon the earth. It seems like every time you look in the the the news and you see the headlines, we see Israel at war. We see Iran trying to to kill the Jews. And we we see President Trump trying to back Israel and then Iron saying if they do it's going to enter a world war. The Bible says there'll be wars and rumors of wars. But when you begin to see these things, look up for your redemption drawth nigh. Lord, we're right in the midst of all of this chaos and confusion and people darkness, not knowing who they are, where they come from, but there is a bride who has had their eyes open. They've caught the quickening of the spirit. They've heard what the spirit is saying to the church. I thank you. I praise you. Bless your people as we go our ways. bring us back here Sunday, Lord, refreshed, ready to hear another word from you. I thank you. I praise you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Brother Greg, if you would me so that I might become him by grace. He took my place. He took my place. peace so that I by his love could take his. Oh, he became me so that I might become him by grace. Sing it again. He became me so that I might become him by grace. Yes, he became me so that I might become him by grace. And he took my place so that I through his love could take his. He became me so that I might become him by grace. [Music] Amen. As we go, if we could just sing that song, soften my heart with oil. Oh, soften my heart with oil. Yes. Open my eyes to see and fill me with understanding. [Music] soften my heart to receive. I want all that you have for me. For I want all that you have for me, Lord Jesus. All that you have for me. [Music] Would you open my understanding and soften my heart to receive? [Music] Yes. I want all that you have for me. Amen. You're dismissed. Sing it as you go. God bless. [Music] [Music] down. Oh. [Music]
