################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-02 - The Mystery of Transformation - Bro. Mario Chua - Mario Chua - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-02
Title:   The Mystery of Transformation - Bro. Mario Chua
Speaker: Mario Chua
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXVNZruMOpU
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Oh [Music] Jesus, the lamb of God, worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is Let's sing the first verse. [Music] You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. Seeking you as a precious jewel, Lord, to give up, I be. You are my call in all. Oh Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of [Music] God, worthy is your name. Taking my cross, my sin, my shame. Rising again, I bless your name. You are my [Music] holing. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I run dry, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Oh Jesus, lamb of God. Oh, worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is. Sing the chorus again. Oh Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Music] Jesus, oh lamb of God, worthy is your name. He's worthy of all praise this morning. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Just before we go to the Lord in prayer, let's sing. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. I think it might be in C. Lord, prepare me to be a [Music] sanctuary, pure and [Music] holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. living. I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary. That's your desire this morning. Lift your hand to him as we sing it again. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and [Music] holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving. I'll be a [Music] living [Music] sanctuary just for you. Amen. That's my desire this morning. Amen. Lord, prepare me. Praise report this morning. Sister Becky Manard. She says, "We want to thank the Lord for the miracle of my sister-in-law, Lorie Snow, being released from the hospital tomorrow after 8 weeks. She will be going to rehab in Seattle, Washington. That's what her insurance has approved. Let's please continue to keep her in our prayers for a complete healing to be able to walk again and of course come back home." So thankful for what the Lord has done for Sister Lori. Pray the Lord just continue to move on the scene for her. Sister Isabelle will be traveling to Ken Nairobi, Kenya on Tuesday the 3 for her mother's funeral which will be on Friday. So we want to pray for sister Isabelle. Pray the Lord go with her. Pray for all those that are still at camp. We believe they'll be coming home later today and had a chance to listen to a couple of the service. The Lord has been moving and blessing the young people there and they're not here this morning, but you don't have to be a young person to praise the Lord. So expect everybody to fill in the gap this morning and lift your voices and worship and praise. Brother Andy, if you would come this morning and just take us before the Lord. Brother Mario will be ministering this morning. Pray the Lord would use him. If you have a need this morning, if you just want to lift before the Lord as brother Andy would take us to the Lord in prayer. Amen. Thank you. I failed to get Mark the prayer request. Uh Robert knew, but Robert wasn't here. Um, my poor daughter-in-law bursting pregnant. Steven's away at camp. Her car was stolen last night. And uh, just pray she'd be calm. And Steven's on his way back from camp. He was the camp nurse this year, but she was pretty uh, distressed. But God knows. Amen. Let's all go to him in prayer. Lord, we thank you for you spread your wings over us, Lord. Lord, sometimes things that we think matter so much, they really don't, but yet they still can trouble us, Lord. The issues in this life, uh Lord, we we know that your promises, they're more than words. Lord, you're life to us. Yes, Lord. Lord, we're resting in that. And Lord, if we can rest, we don't worry. That's right. Lord, we can stand. Doesn't matter if the ground is shaking, the fires are burning, if our car gets stolen, Lord, it just doesn't matter. Lord, we ask today, Lord, meet the needs of your people. Father, we we ask for you to just turn every request and every heart into a praise report, Lord. Lord, Lord, we are a peculiar people. We expect peculiar, miraculous things to happen, Lord, because we're yours and you want good things for us. Thank you, Lord. So today, I pray you'd give us something good. Let us take it out when we leave. May we just shine brighter as as your children in this dying and dark world. Lord, bless the minister that speaks and the hearer. Lord, let us go out of of this place boldly knowing that you met with us. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Andy. You may be seated this morning. It's good to see everyone out in the house of the Lord this morning. We just welcome each one. If you're visiting or streaming on the internet this morning, we welcome you. And got a note here. Sister Suzanne says, "I want to wish my amazing husband a happy birthday." So, happy birthday to brother Amos this morning. Amen. Saw him in the back. Didn't realize it was his birthday, but appreciate brother Amos and pray Lord just bless him today. Amen. Are you happy this morning? Man, you asked me why I'm happy. My sins are gone this morning. Let's lift our voices and sing that this morning. Praise the Lord. You ask me why I'm happy, so I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are [Music] gone. Who ask me where they are? I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, good enough for me. Praise God, my sins are gone. was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and [Music] now the devil did depart. I am glad my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and he tries to make me doubt, I say, "My sins are gone. You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn. Getfulness that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are gone. My soul is filled with music. With all my heart I say, I'm glad my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, good enough for me. Praise God. My sins sing the course again. There underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from dawn in the sea of God's forgetfulness. good enough for me. Praise God, my sin. Praise God. Praise God, my sins are gone. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. It's good to know that your sins are gone this morning. Manifesting time. Amen. I don't know what's going on with this thing up here, but it's still showing the verses from the last song. We haven't moved forward yet, but Amen. Maybe they can get that fixed for me. Amen. The voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes. Sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he runs. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come away." It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one. It's coming in plain view. Oh, to have God's chosen bride. Redemption draweth night. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. The grapes are yours and mine. Little foxes spoil the vine. For the vineyard blossoms for their harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption dryth nigh. He's that lovely one coming in plain view. In the cleft of the rock, in the secret place so high, till the day break and the shadow flee away. Oh, in that mountain place, a sweet smells coming through. He's that lovely one. Money's coming in plain view. Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh, to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption drawth nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in plain view. Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to cap God's chosen bride. Redemption driveth nigh. He's that lovely one. He's coming in. Yes, he's that lovely one. He's that lovely one. Coming in plain view. He's that lovely one. and he's coming in plain for you. Amen. I pray this morning we'll get a clearer glimpse of him. Amen. As the word is preached this morning, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Enter his courts with praise this morning. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day the Lord hath made. I will rejoice for he hath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice, for he hath made me glad. And I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say, this is the day the Lord hath made. I will rejoice, for he hath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. Yes, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me [Music] glad. He hath made me glad. Oh, he hath made me glad. I will rejoice for he hath made me glad. Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands in thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy [Applause] name. Lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. praise thee. Thus will I bless thee, oh I will lift up my hands in thy name. Thy loving kindness, Thy loving kindness is better than life. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands. Lifting our hands to praise him this morning. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands. Once again, lifting our hands. I lift my hands Lord unto thy name. I lift my hands Lord unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands in thy name. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. live inside of. He's a living water this morning cuz you're the living water, the everflowing [Music] fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete control. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. You're the living water cuz you're the living water. Everflowing [Music] fountain, comforter and counselor. Take complete control. Welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. live inside of me. Have your way this morning, Lord, we pray. Amen. Let's all stand as we prepare to change the order of the service. Coming back to the heart of worship this morning. When the music fades, when everything fades away, boils down to one thing. It's all about him this morning. Amen. So, we want to give him all the praise and all the honor. Lift our voices in worship. When the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come, longing just to bring something that's of worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have [Music] required. You search much deeper within. Through the way things appear, you're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless world, no one could express how much you deserve. Though I'm weak and hallelujah, all I have, everything is yours, Lord. every single day. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Let's hear Mario. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's bow our head this morning. Gracious heavenly father, we so thank you, Lord, this morning that we gather together, Lord God. It's not all about us, but it's all about you, Lord, that we gather together. It's about your grace. It's about your mercy. It's about your salvation. It's about your word, Lord, that we gathered. Lord, we thank you that we are so privileged, Lord, that you called us in this generation, Lord God, to be your sons and daughters, Lord God. So, it's all about you, Lord. It's about what you have done to us, Lord, in this life, Lord. Yes. Thank you Lord for your grace. Thank you for the salvation. Thank you for the revelation opening our eyes and mind Lord. Thank you Lord to the things that you have done in this generation Lord God. So once again heavenly father we ask you to be with us speak into our heart Lord and let your name be glorified among us Lord God. Yes. Father, may you sanctify our mind and our heart, Lord, that once again you may have the preeeminence among us, Lord God. Cuz it's not about us. It's about you, Lord. Amen. So be with us, Lord. And give back the honor and the praise in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. So, thank you, musician. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. It is. Amen. Hallelujah. So our gathering is not about us. It's all about the grace of God. Amen. So we must be excited this morning. Yes sir. Because this is the resurrection morning. Amen. So let's go directly to the word of God. Uh turn with me in the book of Corinthians. 1 Corinthians chapter 15 verse uh 51- 53. I just want to thank uh brother Ron for his uh confidence. So once again uh he request me the for the last minute. I always told him give me two weeks and just last minute he request me to stand. the Lord. Just want to thank uh his confidence and I trust that the Lord will bless us again this morning. Amen. So we are not relying on our ideas or whatsoever. We're just relying upon the leading of the Holy Spirit of God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. 1 Corinthians chapter 15 verse 51, he said, "Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all asleep, but we shall all be changed. Hallelujah. In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality. And may the Lord add a blessing upon the reading of his word. You may now be seated. Amen. As uh there was a question uh to brother Brandham, what if uh asked what age do you like to be? And brother Brandham said, I would like to be in this generation. Amen. And this generation he call it the golden age. Amen. So we become this the golden age because this is where the mystery of God that was hidden in his mind before the foundation of the word was revealed in this generation. This is the golden age that the partial interpretation of word become a perfect interpretation of the word. Amen. And this is also praise God the golden age because mostly of the scripture that is being prophesied in this generation are almost fulfilled. Amen. So we are privileged to witness this past few months about the prophecy that is being fulfilled in our generation. So it really doesn't give us uh something the life must go on. We just enjoy the privilege that we are witness to the prophecy of a prophet in this generation. Amen. from last year up to this year. So we were in Italy when uh there was a election for a pope and uh my wife and son of brothers in Italy asked me who do you think will be the pope and I told them you what you didn't read the the the prophecy of the prophet of course the the pope will come from America. Amen. because it seems that America is not really in in uh the pope from America is not really in in uh something uh priorities right so when the pope was announced that it's from America so everybody was happy and the only thing that uh catch my attention when he was pronounced as a a prophet he used the word Leo the 14th. And I'm wondering why is it that he used the word Leo the 14 cuz there's a lot of names that uh Leo and I told what the prophet said that the last sign of the first Bible was Leo the lion. The first was the virgin and the last was Leo the lion. And the prophet supposed that he will uh roar like a lion. So he will be roaring in these last days. Amen. And he used the number 14. And the prophet said there are 14 seven church ages of the old testament and seven church ages in the new testament. That's right. So this will be the culmination of all the scriptures. Hallelujah. And I think they said that for the first 2,000 years there's always there's the first American for last 2,000 years. So we are living in the last 2,000 years and after this we'll be looking for the changing of our bodies. Amen. So we it doesn't really uh give us something okay I will be faithful because this no the prophecy is already there. Our faithfulness is in the revealed word of the hour. Not by the prophecy that fulfilled. Oh, I saw this prophecy, so I need to do something in order for me to to add to my faith. No, revelation. It takes revelation. That's right. But we are just enjoying the prophecy that is being fulfilled in our day in this generation. So Paul here is speaking to the Corinthians about the mystery of the changing of our bodies. So mystery is previously hidden truth and uh if we read it in the first Corinthian the first the previous verses uh it's about the resurrection of Christ. So Paul is sharing to the Corinthians about the resurrection of Christ the resurrections of the dead and the change of the body. And I like how Paul presented in 1 Corinthian 15:3 and he said, "And I deliver unto you first of all that which I also received." How that Christ died for our sins according to the scripture. So he's always pointing to the scripture. Amen. And and that he was buried and that he rose again the third day according to the scripture. Amen. So everything that we are doing here is according to the scripture. We are fulfilling scripture day by day in our lives. It's nothing happened by chance. Everything is written. Amen. Everything is recorded in heaven before it happens here. Hallelujah. So in in the Corinthian there are some Corinthian that don't believe in resurrection. And Paul said that how some say among you that there is no resurrection of the dead. And if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen. And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain. And your faith is also in vain. So resurrection is very important to us. Yes sir. Because Christianity is based upon that burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ. Amen. And I believe that spiritually speaking, we are already resurrected and sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And some asked, what body will we have when we died? So Paul is speaking. He said, "Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not we shall not all sleep." So meaning there will be people that will not die. Amen. Amen. But we shall all be changed. So the title of my sermon is the mystery of transformation with the subject of we shall all be changed. And in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. So our chain our body changes the the the the transformation is by the changing. It's just like a twinkling of an eye. Amen. So an eye is the seeing part of the body and in the body of Christ that is represented by a prophet. So without the prophet there could never be a body change. Amen. Because only this divine mystery truth will only turn the heart of our children back to the original faith and it will create a rapturing faith. So the eye of the body is represent the prophet in this last days. So if they don't believe that there is a prophet in these last days, I'm sorry for them. But the prophet was said only to those predestinated seed of God. Amen. So not everybody can receive the messenger in these last days. Not everybody can receive because it's only pointed to I will send Elijah to you. So this is a personal Amen. relationship with Christ. You need to recognize your day. You need to recognize who you are. Amen. By the by the way that you responds to the word of God, it shows that you are part of the prophecy in these last days. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. So the bride could not come or the body change could not come until the prophet of Malachi 4 has come on the scene. That is the purpose that God sent a prophet in these last days. Amen. for the changing of our bodies for the rapture for at the last trump and the trumpet gathers the people. So the trumpet is always in the Old Testament is always the gathering of the people and we know that there's always a lot of gathering. The time of Luther is the gathering of in the time of Luther there was a gathering under the uh the the the the sounding of Luther which is the Jess and Levi faith then the sounding of Wesley they're gathering together and and and and Wesley praise God present that not only we are justified we need to be sanctified we need to live a life a holy life. Amen. Because God is holy we need to be holy. Amen. So there is a gathering of the Pentecost of the restorations of the gift. Amen. But now in this last day, it is the the person of Jesus Christ in our midst. Amen. So that's why uh I I enjoy the the the the the message of brother Stephen Coffee while I'm streaming. What is the message of the hour to you? Amen. So it's not about only justification, sanctification, live a holy life, a restoration of the gift. What is the message of the hour? Because in times of Luther, when they ask Luther, what is the message of the hour? Luther can say immediately, oh that just shall live by faith. You need to work your way into salvation. You just need to believe. And that is the message of the hour and times of Luther. Then Wesley came and the they they add another more. Right. Not only you you believe but you need to have a holy life. You need to be sanctified. Amen. So that is the message of reality. Then the Pentecostal came and they believe that God need to restore the gift in the church. But they denominated and become right put a period in the gift and they put speaking in tongue as their evidence. But in these last days all of that are okay but we need not the gift but we need the person or the giver of the gift himself. Amen. We enjoy the gift of course but we need to enjoy the giver when we know who the giver of the gift is. And I believe when they said what is the message of the hour? The message of the hour is Jesus Christ the hope of glory in you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Because we are the manifestations of the Jesus Christ which is the word of God. We cannot manifest Pentecostal. We cannot manifest Lutheran or Baptist or we are manifesting the word of God in this last day which is Jesus Christ. Amen. At the last trump, so for the trumpet shall sound and the dead shall be raised incorruptible and we shall all be changed. Notice that it repeated the second time. We shall be changed. Not replaced, but changed. Like would you like to change a garment? Amen. We shall be changed. Amen. not replace. Right? And he said that incorruption and immortality is something that you put on like putting on a new garment. So this is the promise that we are looking forward to in these last days. So change is something that is not new to us. Every day we change. We change clothes. We change food. We change car. Sometimes we change career. So it's not really hard to comprehend a change. So life is full of change. So the concept of body change in this hour shouldn't be hard to comprehend especially when God promised it for this specific time. So it was not the brother Brandham who promised but it was God who promised a body change from incorruptible from corruptible into incorruptible. So there must be a promise in this last day. No, it is not the promise of a man but it is a promise of God. Amen. Hallelujah. As Job said in uh chapter 14 verse 14, Job said if a man die shall he live again that's a common questions among people shall and all the days of my appointed time will I wait till my change come. So everybody has an appointed time. That's right. So if God is not finished with you, no one can take your life because each and every one of us had an appointed time. So this appointed time you need to recognize our time in this earth. What is the purpose that we are here? So we need to enjoy our time here. We we are not here to just live by uh build houses, new cars. No, we have a purpose in these last days. As Paul said, I am waited for my appointed time. Amen. Till my chains come. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We have a body change. So we need to spend a lot of time worshiping and serving God in these last days. That's right. That is the very purpose that God sent Elijah to you to turn your heart back to the original faith because God need a witness in these last days. He need a people that we can always say there's a coworker in these last days. We will go to that later on. So remember the first thing that happened even in the book of Genesis after the fall of Adam and Eve was that their clothing changed from glorified garment because they were naked and they don't really know it because they were veiled with a holy veil or holy garment but when they fall it was changed to a lower they they they were a sheep proving him. Genesis 3:E 9. And the Lord called unto Adam and said unto him, "Where art thou?" And he said, "I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid because I was naked, and I hid myself." So that's why a person cannot have confidence to face God when they are dressed incorrectly. You cannot petition of God if you dress incorrectly. Right? So these generations mostly of the people are naked but they keep on praising God and jumping God even in in in the so-called churches and they they say that they are worshiping God but we don't know whose God they worshiping in. That's right. Because our God is a holy God. So you cannot worship God with your shorts and pants and Amen. So there are true worshippers in these last days. Those who have a true revelation of God. Amen. Because you cannot worship God or approach God when you are improperly dressed. You need to have a holy dress. Amen. So that's why our dress that's why I preached a few months ago about the dress code. So we need to have a dress code to approach God. Just like Abel when he approached God by revelation, God accepted his sacrifice because he offered it by revelation. And the scripture said that he offered a more excellent sacrifice than that of Cain. Caen or Cain sacrifice was excellent but it was not the revelation of God. Right? So God didn't accept it. Likewise there are really true worshipper in these last days. And when we worship God, we petition God. God will listen because we offer him. We approach him according to the revelation that he has given us. Approach him with holiness. Amen. Amen. So remember that there are three robes that we must put on. And the first robe that we are to put on is what determines whether we go on to put on the other two robes. The first robe was the garment of the word of God. The first robe which must be put on is the garment of the word for our age and we must wear it upon our soul of faith. In other words, we are to be dressed by the hearing of the word that was sent in our day. Just like in Revelation 3:18, I counseledled thee to buy me of gold tried in fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be cloth and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint with that thou mayest see. So the first robe that we must put on is the revarment of the word that was sent in our day. Amen. We must put on the revealed word of the hour. Even the prophet said in the message the present stage of my ministry he said I hope he'll crown my ministry with this of letting me take the cloth of the word and dress his bride in the clothes of the word and for his righteousness. So the first robe was the word the revealed word that was given in our day. So the second robe is your theopony body and the third robe is your glorified body. And all of these are uh explained by our prophet. And there was a question in Paul in the Philippians. Who shall change our vile body? So vile body is low estate kind of body. Who will change it? that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himselves. So our low-level quality of bodies are just outer garment that we wear that reflect our law level thinking of our reasoning against the word of God. Amen. Who can change this boiled body? So the prophet in the message who is this mech said when a man is born again from heaven he becomes a spirit baba in Christ. When a man is born again from heaven. So when we are born again we are not a creator of this earth anymore. Right. Christ, we become spiritual baba in Christ. So that's why sometimes we wonder when I become a Christian, why there's so many trials and testing comes my way? Just like the the the the Exodus when they come out from Egypt and they have been in wilderness, they always reflect, why did you do this to me to us? Well, something it's better for us to return to Egypt. So sometimes you wonder when I become a Christian why there's so many trials and testing. Remember the scripture you are born again from heaven. You become spiritual babe in Christ. And when you are bab you need to grow. Amen. When a baby grow sometime he fall he fail. But remember he was already born again. But you need to process of growing through the trials and testings on our life. So trial and testing is not just an ordinary thing or just supernatural. It is a natural thing for a Christian to have trials and testing because we become a spiritual babe when we are born again. And then when this robe of bless is dropped. So speaking about when the time that you are dead after you're growing and when this row of bless there is a natural body at the a body not made with hands neither born of a woman that we go to. So there is a body prepared. When this body is dropped there is a body being prepared. Not made with hand neither born of a woman that we go to. Then that body returns back and pick up the glorified body. That's the reason Jesus went to hell when he died and preached to the soul that were in prison turn back into theophony. Oh, marvelous. And the prophet said, "Oh, thank you." So he called 2 Corinthians 5:1, "If this earthly body be dissolved, this earthly tabernacle, we have another one." Amen. See, we have bypassed that to come straight from God the attribute to be flesh to be tempted and tested by sin like Adam did. We bypass our theopony body from straight from God from his attribute. We bypass our theopony straight to the body in order to be tempted and sin from attributes. So we are already attributes of God. Amen. That's right. This message is only for those part of his attribute. This is message is directly sent to you. Thank you Lord. So you are from the talk of God. You are the attributes of God. So you bypass your job which already being prepared. you bypass it and come into directly to this flesh in order to be tested and tempted. So this testing is not to let you down, to let you get away from Christ, but testing is to prove or let you manifest that attribute which was in the mind of God will be tested and tempted here to reveal the attributes of God in these last days. So that's why you are tested, you are tempted while you are being tested and tempted, the word of God which is in you become more manifest. because it's no longer you. It is the attribute of God in you being made manifest. So that's why you bypass your theony to be tempted. Hallelujah. So that's why God has so much confident in it is each and every one of us because we come from his mind and his s from his attribute by passing made in flesh. That's why we come is not an accident. That's right. We come here with a purpose. Amen. Hallelujah. So we bypass that to come straight from God. The attribute to be blessed to be tempted and tested by sin like Adam did. But when the testing of his word is over, then we are taken up to this body that was prepared for us before the foundation of the word. God is already showing us the blueprint. He sent us. You have testing after the testing is over. So whatever trial you are in, remember there is a beginning and there's always an end. There is no permanent testing. It is by the purpose of God. Amen. So when the testing is over, that's it. There is limitations for the testing. It has a beginning, it has an end. So when the testing is over either we goes into death or either we still alive and our body will be changed. Hallelujah. Whatever first we are still victorious. We are still ahead of Satan. Whether we die or we live, we can still be in the Lord. Amen. This body that was prepared for us before the foundation. It is the word that it is the word there that we skip to come right around down here to be tempted and tested. If we have come through that there had been no temptation and we know all things. If we didn't bypass our theony body, we will may know all things. No struggle, no everything. But the attributes of God will not be destroyed. We will know. We will never know about the grace and the mercies of God in our lives. We don't know how grace we don't know about healings. We don't know about salvation. We don't know about redemption. But all of us, we bypass the or theopony body in order to be tested, in order for us to praise him for what he has done. Amen. What he is doing and continue to do. Lord we have come through that there have been no temptation with know all things that the reason Jesus know all thing cuz he was word before he was flesh. That's right. Then we become the word. Here we are formed to the word image to be partakers of the word. Feed on the word. We become the word. Here we are formed to the word image. We are formed into our theopony word image. Feed on the word by being predestinated since the beginning. You see the little spark of life that you had in you from the beginning when you started your journey. Many of you can remember it. I believe each and every one of us has different experience when it comes to the Lord Jesus Christ. But one thing is sure, you are longing for something in your heart. Just like the prophet said, when you are still a little baby, that seed of God was already in you. That's why as you grow older, you're longer for something. You're bubbling. There's something in you looking for something. Then as the prophet then you jump from one church to another finding hallelujah something to satisfy that longing something that babbling something that kicking it was the predestinated seed of God. Praise the Lord. Isn't every one of us different experiences? Y but we know it's all God. Now many of you can remember it. You joined this church and joined the church and tried this and right nothing satisfied. That's right. But one day you just recognize it. That's right. Amen. We just recognize that as brother Brham said, I was a son of Charles Anela, but they one day I realized that I am not a son of charla. Amen. Because the real you is the inside. Amen. So continue. Who is this Melazedc? And look clearly, make it clear. You will never be the word unless you was a thought at the beginning. That proves the predestinations of God. You will never be the word unless you are a thought of God at the beginning. While I'm reading this uh uh messages, it's become so personal. It seems like God is talking to me personally. Amen. It's not for the congregation. It's just for me personally. Amen. He is letting me know who I am and what part I am going to manifest in these last days because I personal sent to you Elijah. So this is so personal. When you read the spoken word make it your personal. Amen. The word is speaking to you personally. It's not for everybody else. Don't give it to somebody else. Grab it. That's for you. That's me, mama. That proves that for the destination of God. See, you can't be the word unless you are a thought. You are a thought of God. He He thought about you. Even in your trials, in your testing, whatever situations your life, he thought about you. He's thinking about you. Amen. Because he loves you. Amen. Yep. Just like the song said, when he was in the cross, he's thinking about me. Oh, thank you. When he was in the cross, he's looking down. He's looking down for you and I. Praise the Lord. Because Paul said that without his crucifixion, there will be no resurrection. Right? You had to be in his thinking first. But you see in order to stand temptation you had to bypass the theopony. You had to come down here and flesh to be tempted by sin and then if you and then if you sin all the father has given me will come to me and I'll raise him up at the last day. So you had to be first and then you see he come right bound to the regular line from attributes as the prophet said but if you are alive on earth at the time of the rapture then that theopony is coming to us now by the way of the word that is why we know that we have the ability to respond to the word for our days then that proves that we have a theopony body waiting for us on the other side because only those with theopony body can hear the message for their day. Amen. That is really the influence that you have at theopony waiting for you. Amen. As the prophet said, then after you recognize the very word of God was eagle food, then you left the other thing you have been formed into the living image of the living God. You heard from your theophony. If this earthly body be dissolved, we have one waiting. You are responding to the word your company and that is the evidence that you came from the mind of God because you cannot respond hallelujah to this message of the hour unless you are part of this scripture. You cannot respond to a Baptist message. You cannot respond to Lutheran message. You cannot respond to any church. But you respond to the message of the hour wherein everybody's denying the message of the hour. Why did you respond to the message of the hour? Because you are a part. You heard from your company. The word body, hallelujah, is waiting for you. Hallelujah. So we'll read again the Corinthians chapter 15 verse 51. Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall all sleep, but we shall be changed. The we are the one whom the mystery for this age has been revealed to. This only for a special group of people. Amen. And to all of those who are the one who will put on incorruption because all who receive the message for their day in whatever age they are born in will also receive a new body. And so the scripture goes on to explain to us the process of how this vile body of ours will be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye at the last trump. And we know that the eye of the mind the faculty of knowing or in other words we need the revelations of the hour. Amen. So the first part of the mystery of the budget change is that we will receive a revelation in these last days at the time of the last trump. We will have a change of mind. Yes. That's the evidence. We have a change of mind. You become a new creator in Christ. Amen. You become your your mind change. Amen. Hallelujah. A change of mind. A change of thinking from three God to one God. From the apple to the serpent seed. Amen. From baptism father, the son and the holy ghost to the baptism in the name of the lord Jesus Christ. We change our mind. We change our thinking. We realize the opening of this of the word in these last days. Thank you Lord. Amen. For the trumpet shall sound and the dead shall be raised up incorruptible and we shall all be changed. We shall all be changed. Notice that there are two changes mentioned verse 51 and again in verse 52 because you cannot have a change on the outside until there is first a change on the inside. That's right. So you need to have a change. We shall all be changed. So the change begin on the inside not on the outside. We cannot do anything to help or mirrors our salvation because our salvation is already done deal even before the foundation of the word. You just need to recognize who you are and quicken that seed and that seed is quickened. It will manifest what's on the inside on the outside. We cannot add anything to merit our salvation. Amen. It's already done. That God that's why God requires only belief. Amen. Recognize your day and your message. Because if you are a seed, there is already an anointing released into our day. When the prophets was asked, take the pen and write it. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Glory. Genesis 1:11, let every seed bring forth of its kind. Amen. So the anointing was released. But whatsoever if you are a seed of God, the anointing will quicken that seed from the inside to the outside, not the outside to the inside. Even though how much you struggle to be good, how much you struggle to be holy, you cannot make it. It must begin on the inside. If you a seed of God, the seed, the Holy Spirit will quicken that seed and all the fruit will begin to manifest. Hallelujah. You don't struggle to have brotherly kindness. No, don't struggle for that. You don't struggle to have temperance. You don't struggle to have brotherly. No. Leave it unto God. Let lays in the presence of God. Let the Holy Spirit quicken it. Because we shall all be changed. That's done. That's finished. Whether we like it or not, it was already spoken. It was a prophecy that need to be manifest in this life. We shall all be changed. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. We just need to have faith in that word of God. And I believe that God is fulfilling scripture every day in our lives. He is fulfilling whether we like it, whether we believe it or not. God is fulfilling scripture every day in our lives. [Music] Don't worry about shortcomings or trials because we bypass our theophony in order to be tested. Hallelujah. So expect trials and testing more and more. That's right. Because the more trial comes your way, the more manifest will come out. Amen. Because he then sent trials knowing that we cannot make it. He sent trials in order for his seed to manifest. It is all his doing. That's right. We have nothing to do with it. We cannot add anything to what he has already done. We just need to believe humble ourselves in the presence of God. That's right. And the more we humble ourselves, the more we the more we we we we commit ourselves unto the Lord, he just reveal himself more and more. Thank you. That's why he preached the message, lean not unto thy own understanding. Lean not on thy own fury. Lean not on thy own interpretation, but in all thy ways acknowledge him, and he will direct your path. He will give you the revelations of the hour. Lean not unto thy own understanding, but in all your ways acknowledge that he will be the one to do it all. That's why he say seek you first the kingdom of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, so the first chain must take place on the inside first by the change of mind which come by the revelations of the word. Then that is the evidence that a change is also coming to the outside of the body from mortal to immortality. Right? Verse 53. For this corruptible must put on incorruption and this mortal must put on immortality. So the putting on of the new body on the outside is the result of putting on the mind of Christ on the inside. Amen. And that is why the first garment must be put on the soul first. And the soul is what you believe. There is no reasoning in your soul. Only believe. Because if you are a believer, you have no choice. You have no option but to believe the word. Amen. Sometimes you doubt, but you still believe. That's right. Sometimes you're discouraged, but you still believe. Amen. Yeah. Sometimes you cannot explain it but you just believe. Because you have no option. You are born to be a believer. Hallelujah. And that is the secret to the body change that is ours. To put on a new garment on the outside. You must first put on the word on the inside. Do you have the word in your life now? Amen. You can never be you you will never be here this morning without the word of God in you. That's right. And I always believe that every gathering is a supernatural gathering. We are a premoral agency as a person. We can choose to play pickle ball this morning. We can choose to go to the beach. We can go anywhere we want because we are a premorality. But why you choose here? Because it was not you. It was God in you. Because no one can come to the father except he draws him near. It was the grace of God, the supernatural power of God that draws us near this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Through the scriptures in 1 Thessalonians 4:15, this is our favorite scripture. For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout and with a voice of the archangel and with the trump of God and the dead in Christ shall burst first. So all these scriptures pertaining to this specific time that we are living in now because we are living in the season of when the last trump is about to sound. We have already heard a shout. We have already heard a voice. We are waiting for the last trump. And the dead in Christ shall rise first. And we who are on earth with the revelation of the word in us will also get out of our body change. How do we know these things are upon us? That's a good question, right? Amen. Because we have already had a shout which was the message of the hour was declared through an end time prophet. We have a sure word of promise in these last days. Thank you Lord. But we have moved on from that pace. So right now as the body of Christ, we are in the voice stage of the voice shout and the trump the three-part process. So we are now in the voice stage right now. Then that just leave the trump which is the changing of our natural bodies and the catching away to the marriage supper. Remember that when he descended he did these three things. He didn't wait for another decade. He he he descended there were a shout. Then he he didn't wait for another decade. Amen. To manifest the voice. When he descended, he did these three things. Amen. The shout, the voice, and the trump. Yeah. So, three things happen. A boy shout uh the message, the rapture, paragraph 130. Three things happen. A boy, a shout, a trumpet has to happen before Jesus appears. Yes, sir. So he's speaking about the appearing in his corporal body. So before he appear in his corporal body, he need to to to do three things. Now a shout Jesus does all these three. When he is descending, he did all these things. When he's descending a shout, what is a shout? Is the message going forth first? The living bread of living life, bringing forth the bride. Amen. So this is the only message that can quicken the bride of Jesus Christ. No other message the shout is quickened the bride in these last days because is is bringing the living bread of life bringing forth the bride. Notice that this is the message that has brought forth the bride. If it wasn't for the message coming to us you and I would not believe the things that we believe today. That's right. Do you agree? Amen. We are here today because this message has brought us forth. Thank you Lord. So this is not an accident. We can see that predestination is in plain view. You cannot accept it. If you are not part of God then the voice is that same message now in the hearts of the people. Yes sir. And so they have become the voice. Amen. The shout the voice that voice is now in the bride. The messenger declared the shout part but the bride declared the voice part because now that shout is in her and has become her voice. Amen. As the prophet said, in the last days, there is again another people in the land who under the messenger will be the final voice to the final age. Amen. The shout was brought by the prophet, but the voice is in the bride now. Because we are the final voice to the final age. Yes, sir. The church is no longer his mouthpiece of God. The church is no longer the mouthpiece of God. It is his own mouthpiece. Hallelujah. Amen. The church is no longer the mouthpiece, but it is his mouthpiece. You see, so it's his own mouthpiece. I am the mouthpiece of God in this. You are the mouthpiece of God. You are the voice of God in these last days. Hallelujah. The word is in the bride. That's why when the book of redemption was given to John, he said, "Take the book now and hear it. Hallelujah. The voice, the book is no longer in the throne. The book is no longer in the hand of the angel. Amen. The book now is in John. Take the book and eat it. Hallelujah. You can no longer see or find the book because it was already given to John and he ate it. Hallelujah. Amen. So that's why we are part of the program of God. Hallelujah. It was God in Christ. Now God in many membered body the book is in the bride. This is John. I know he was commanded. Thou must prophesy again. John the voice is in the bride in this last day. You cannot find any message now but it's in the bride. Hallelujah. Amen. So God is turning on her. God is turning on you. He is depending upon you. So you need to recognize who you are. Amen. Don't look at your shortcoming. Don't look at yourself, but look at what the promise of God that was given in your generation. Just like Gideon who is always looking at his shortcomings. When the angel appeared to him, I will call you to deliver your people. And he looked upon him said, "I cannot do it. I am poorest of the poor." But the angel said, "Thou art a man of valor." Amen. Likewise, in these last days, as the prophet said, God is turning on her. He will confound her to the prophet and the bride, for the voice of God will be in her. Revelation chapter 7. And yes, it is. For it says in the last chapter of Revelation 17, the spirit and the bread say come. Yes, sir. Amen. We will be preaching the same message as the prophets say. Because the message of the prophet is not his message. It is the message of the mighty God coming down. Hallelujah. It is the seven thunder being opened and was given to the seven church ages. And it is the seventh angel of revelation chapter 7. Hallelujah. That solid the message. And that message we receive it. And we are now commanded to preach or prophesy again. The same message that he preached. The same revelation he got is the same revelation that we are preaching now. Amen. Thank you Lord. Thou must prophesy again. Hallelujah. So the shout has changed from being in the form of message from God through a prophet and that message was then written in ink and paper and put into a spoken word books. But now that same word that was written in the spoken word book is now written in the heart of the elect of God by revelation. That is why it is the voice of the resurrection in the bride now. Amen. Because when the word comes into us, it automatically resurrect us from dark denominational tomb into the glorious light of this end time age. Amen. Because it shall be light at the evening time. But where is the light? It is in the heart of every true message believer in the last days. The light is the word which is where? It is in the heart of every believer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we can see that from shout to voice. It's simply that the word was just changed from one glory to a greater glory. Hallelujah. We are enjoying that we are living in the golden age where God is unfolding what was in his mind before the foundation of the world and we are part of the message of the hour. That's why we rejoice because we are hearing from our hallelujah. One of these days we're going back, hallelujah, to the mind and the thought of God. Because we know as we are responding to the word. Amen. Woo. You cannot respond unless you are part of God in this land. Amen. You are aiming not to me, but you're aiming to the word. Hallelujah. You're in these last days. Amen. So, we can see that from shell to voice. It's simply that the word was just changed from glory to glory. From printed word on a page to a living word. Revelation in the heart of the chosen people. The church of the firstborn born in the original seed. The spoken word seed of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. In the rapture now is the first thing is the sounding. This is in paragraph 152. The first thing is a trumpet or a voice shout then a voice and a trumpet shout a messenger getting the people ready. Then the second is a voice of resurrection. The same voice that a loud voice is St. John 11 38:44. So we will go that a little while. So brother Bernham is quoting John chapter 11. Yes sir. We will go that a little. getting the bride together and then the resurrection of the dead sea to be caught up with it. Now watch the three things takes place. The next is what? A trumpet, a shout, a voice of a trumpet, a three-part secret body change in this hour. It's written in mystery form throughout the entire Bible. Amen. But it took the opening of the seventh seal to show this thing. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We cannot rejoice unless the word is being opened in our day. It is a sealed book, mystery book. Just like in second Corinthians chapter 3:14, they said that the seventh seal is not open yet. And this is what Paul said to the Corinthians, but their minds were blinded. Blinded. Yes. For until this day remainth the same veil untaken away in the reading of the Old Testament, we shall be veiled done away in Christ. Amen. Psalm says that the spoken word the seven seat is not open yet. They're waiting for brother Bernham to come. The veil is done away in Christ. Remember that Christ is coming already open the seal. So we are promised a tripfold transition in this hour from glory of the event of the shout to the message to a greater glory of the revelations of the message in the heart of the believer. Amen. And then go on to an even greater unfolding of the glory in the new body from glory to glory. He's changing me. Thank you. Start from the inside going to the outside. Amen. Amen. Verse 15. But even unto this day, when Moses is read, when the prophet is read, the veil is upon their head or upon their heart. Nevertheless, it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. They need revelation. They need to go deeper into the love of God. They need to seek the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. Nevertheless, when it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. Now the Lord is a spirit and where the spirit of the Lord is there is liberty. So we have liberty this morning. Amen. Nobody's controlling us. No nicolitan spirit. No bmnition spirit when the spirit of the lord is. We have liberty. That's why we can stand, we can shout, we can dance whatever we like because we have the spirit of God in us. Don't be ashamed. Amen. Of your identification. Hallelujah. When you say amen, just say amen. Hallelujah. Don't be ashamed of what what somebody else beside you will say. No, it is an individual affair. It is an individual affair. If God wants you to stand, stand. If God wants you to run, run. Yes. We have the liberty in these last days. Amen. But we all with open page beholding us in a glass a mirror of the word that mirrors your life in the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. Just like what what brother Moses saying when he's looking at the mirror. Hallelujah. He said that's me, mama. That's me, mama. From Genesis to Revelation. That's me, mama. Hallelujah. That's me from Easter mama. That's me from Ruth. Mama. That's from Abigail. I am I am reflecting all those characters in the Bible because they are the mystery written in the volumes of the book. They are speaking about me about you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Who shall change our vile body that it may be passion like unto his glorious body. So who is this mech? He said, "If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting." Amen. Already waiting. Oh, hallelujah. We are on the winning side. Either we can make it here or we are still alive when that blast. We are still on the winning side. Because there is a body waiting. Thank you, Lord. We have not yet the bodies. But look, when this body receive the spirit of God, listen to this, the immortal life inside of you, the spirit is immortal life in you, which is the life of Christ. It throws this body in subjection to God. Hallelujah. So that's why you know when you receive the word spirit, the spirit of God in you, it will quicken this mortal body subjection to the word of God. He that's born of God that not commit sin. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why there will be they they ask well if I am born again I'm son of God can I do anything I want? The prophet said yes you can do anything you want but I guarantee you will you never desire to commit sin because he that's born of God not commit sin. He cannot sin because sin is unbelief to the word of God. Romans 8:1, there is therefore now, if you receive the spirit of God, there is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ. Are you in Christ this morning? So there is now no more condemnation. Hallelujah. If you're in Christ, there's no more condemnation because you receive the salvation of God. You recognize who you are. You recognize your day and your message. That's right. Glory. Let the message in you do the manifestations of his fruit. Don't struggle. Because the more you struggle, the more you will be discouraged because you cannot do it by your own self. That's right. You just need to recognize that the anointing was released to quicken that seed in you. He that's born of God and not commit sin, he cannot sin. Therefore, there's no now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. They walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. There you are. That throws your body subject. You don't have to say, "Oh, if I could just quit drinking, if I could just get in Christ, it's all gone." When you are in Christ, because your body is subject to the spirit. It's no more subject to the things of the word. They're dead. They are dead. And your sins are buried in baptism. And you are now a new creation in Christ. Your body becoming subject to the spirit. Try to live a right kind of life. Amen. Like your women claiming you get the Holy Ghost and going out here and wearing short and things. How could you do it? If you repressed to be a Christian and you're stealing wearing short tight kneedeed or whatsoever I'm not good at that I will leave it to brother Martin and going out here and wearing shorts and think how could you do it? How could the spirit of God in you ever let you do such a thing as that? That's a good question. It just can't be. So certainly it can't be. He's not a pilot spirit. He is a holy spirit. And then when you become subject to that spirit, it throws your whole being subject to that spirit. And that spirit is nothing in the word but deceived. Word made manifest or quickened. Hallelujah. Made alive. And when the Bible said don't do this, that body quickly turns to it. There is no question about it. That's right. You follow what the scripture said. When the scripture is not good for a woman to wear a garment pertains to a man, your body is subject to follow the word. You cannot help it if the spirit of God who inspired the writer to write the Bible is in you. You will manifest what it says. your body will follow. You cannot go outside of what is being written. Amen. And when the Bible said don't do this, that body quickly turns to it. There is no question. And what it is is the earnest of the resurrection. This body will raise up again because it's already started. Hallelujah. It started our resurrection because we heard a voice. We are the sh and we are now in the process of the resurrection because it's already started. It was once subject to sin and mire and corruption but now it's got the earnest it turns heavenly. Now the earnest that you're going in the rapture. Right? In other words, the proof that you're going in the rapture is that the change on the inside of you has already begun to show on the outside of you in the form of your conduct and your dress code. Hallelujah. The earness of the rapture is now beginning in your life. You have now the earness because your body is now subject to the word. Praise the Lord. We cannot run away from it. If you say there's a rapture, there's body change, we can say amen. We can rejoice about it. We may not explain how we do it. But we believe it because it's already written. That's right. Now, that's the earnest that you're going in the rapture. The prophet said that the proof that you're going in the rapture is that the change on the inside of you has already begun to show on the outside by the way you conduct yourself. Amen. I remember brother Lucas Lubiki. I am now a rapture candidate. [Music] while he sing that song I am a rapture candidate and let us be ashamed about that because even believing the word we cannot help it we we we believe it. So in the last we will uh take what brother Bernham said in John chapter 11 verse 38. Are you enjoying so far? Amen. We need to enjoy because we are living in the golden age that we're living in. We may see exactly the prophecy in this last day. There will be a change. Yes, sir. We shall all be changed. Amen. So it was not given to unbelievers. It was given to the believers. We shall all be changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. Hallelujah. So we have now the earnest John 11:38. So if we if we look closely, we will also see the shout voice and the trump hidden in the story of the raising of Lazarus. Verse 38. Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave and a stone lay upon it. Notice the tomb was sealed. showing that before the resurrection can take place, there must be a seal broken. That before the res take place, there must be a seal broken. And that is why in the hour there could be no resurrection outside of dark denominational tomb until the seventh seal were open. Yes sir. There is no resurrection outside of the seventh seal being open. And Jesus said, "Take ye away the stone Mara, the sister of him that was dead, and said unto him, Lord, by this time he stinkketh, for he had been dead for for days." What the reactions of Martha? Jesus said, "Take away the stone, Martha." And she reasoned. Martha the sister of him that was dead said unto him,"Lord, by this time he thinkketh, for he had been dead four days." She didn't want to obey the message of the hour because of her reasoning. So her thinking needed to be changed. Amen. From reasoning to faith, right? It had first begin with a message and a change of thinking. Take away the stone. That's the message of the hour. So she need to take heed to the shout. And Jesus said unto her, I not unto thee that if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God. So Jesus had to first deal with Martha's unbelief. Right? Yeah. And this is what the shout of the message came to do to change our thinking from reasoning against the word to faith in the word of God. And that is and and so this is also what happens to Mark that Jesus message changes her in her heart from reasoning to faith. God is dealing remember that he was not dealing with anybody else. He was exactly dealing with the church with Martha. You know sometimes we have still doubts but God will not stop dealing with you. Thank you Lord. Until you recognize the hour of your visitation. Amen. And then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes and said, "Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me." And I knew that thou hearest me always, but because of the people which stand by, I said that they may believe that thou have sent me. And when he does had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, comfort. So this resurrection is a name calling resurrection. Hallelujah. This is not a general resurrection yet. So he was a specific Lazarus come forth bride come forth in these last days. Amen. This message is for you not for anybody else. Come forth the bride. And he had and he was dead. And the dead And he that was dead came forth bound hand and foot with grave clothes, and his face was bound about with napkin. And Jesus said unto them, "Loose him and let him go." Lazarus was resurrected out of the tomb. Amen. But he was still bound. Just like we have been resurrected by the message of the hour. Yes. Calling our name, but we are still bound by the circumstances of our own flesh. That's right. So sometimes we struggle. But the word said turn loose. Amen. Always the message of the hour, we're turn loose. Whatever circumstances we are in, that's why faith cometh by hearing and that hearing by the word of God. Amen. It will be turned loose. Amen. Amen. And so sometimes we have struggle and we don't recognize we have already resurrected but the napkin the grave clothes is still around us. That's right. So we need the five-fold ministry to take away. Amen. That napkin. Hallelujah. So there had to be another part in order for Lazarus to be completely free. He needed to be loose from what was binding him. Just as the trump will release us from this old body that is binding us to this world. Hallelujah. Remember that Lazarus had a change of body from corruption to a healthy body again. Then straight after that he goes to the supper with the Lord. Glory. Amen. So God is showing us the sequence of event of the shout of the voice and the trump. Amen. So God is dealing each and every one of us. Then in chapter 12 verse two there they made him a supper and Martha served but Lazarus was one of them that sat on the table with him. Amen. The same Lazarus that was raised by the ministry of Christ in the form of the shout voice under the drum is now sitting with Christ at the supper table. Amen. This is showing that we who have come under the same ministry of the shout voice and dr in this hour are also the one who will s with him at the marriage supper of the lamb. Shall we stand? Revelation chapter nine. And the wife had made herself ready. Amen. Hallelujah. We are ready for the marriage supper of the lamb. That's right. We heard the shout and we have the voice and waiting for the last trump. Amen. So we have the last trump president in last days. The prophet came from United State. President came from United States and the pope came in the United States. Revelation chapter 13 is fulfilling scripture in last days. Amen. So if it's beginning to fulfill how much more the bride of Jesus Christ there will be a shout there will be a change in these last days I will show you a mystery we shall not sleep but we shall all be changed. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So this is not my promise. It is the promise of God in our days. So this message is directly personally to each and every one of us. Amen. When you read your spoken word, make it personal. That's right. When you're listening to the tape, make it personal. Let God speak into your heart. You may be in doubt. Play the tape and listen. Because the message is directly to each and every one of us. Thank you, Lord. Because I sent you Elijah the prophet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Every time you have a problem, every time something bothering in your heart. Thank you. Yes. Just take time. Thank you. Take time. Separate yourself from anything. Go to your closet, pray, listen, meditate upon the word of God. We can see that everything that we see around us prophecy being fulfilled. What is still what is there anything that we need to do? We just need to be sober, dedicated, watching [Music] when the trump of God will take place one of these days. Hallelujah. Remember that we are already in the process. We receive the earnest of the rapture. We receive the earnest of the changing of our body because our body is subject to the word of God. Amen. We cannot help it sometimes. Sometimes we try try to run away from serving God. But if you are a seed of God, God will always point you back to his word because we cannot run away anymore. Our time has come. That's right. There is no turning back anymore. We just need to walk just like Enoch walked. Walk according to his grace and his mercy. Amen. Remember that you've bypassed your theopony in order to be tested. If you are a son of God, the word will manifest. The more testing, the more trial, the more manifestation. That's right. Hallelujah. Because everything is about you and him. Amen. You were in his mind before the foundation of God. You were in his thinking. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. That's why he wants to have a family of his own. That's right. Amen. What a mercy and grace. He chose us to be one of his family. Hallelujah. Let us bow our head. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful, Lord, for your presence this morning. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your word. Thank you, Lord God, for the promises that you open to us, Lord, this morning. Thank you, Lord, for giving us the inspiration. Thank you Lord for your predestination. Thank you Lord that your secret before the foundation of the word hallelujah was open in these last days to each and every one of us Lord. Oh help us Lord. Anybody here Lord God that's still in doubt Lord God. May your spirit give them more grace, more revelation. Open the eyes of their understanding Lord that they may see your purpose in this life Lord. We thank you for your love. Thank you for your mercy. Thank you for your grace. We want to say we love you Lord. Help us Lord to be more faithful, more dedicated Lord. Because without you Lord we can't do anything in our life. Amen. We are always a failure Lord. So help us Lord to completely trust you Lord. Completely give our lives to you Lord. Our spirit and our soul and our mind. Hallelujah. So help us Lord that we may become the manifestations of your word in these last days. Thank you Lord. We give you back and the honor. Want to say we love you so much. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. What's the the song? How great is our God? Let's sing. How great is our God. Sing will be how great. Thank you, Lord. Our God. Hallelujah. All will see how great, how great is our God. The splendor of the [Music] kingsty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide. trembles at his voice and trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. And age to age he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. And the godhead three are one. Father, spirit, son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our [Music] God on land and sea. He stands an open book in hand revealing the son of man reveals the son of man. Uniting time is come. The bride and Christ are one. And soon we're going home. Oh, soon we're going home. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see. How great, how great is our name above all names. name above all [Applause] names. You're worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great is once again. Name above all names. Name above all names. You're worthy of all praise. My heart will sing. How great is our God. How great is our God. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great. Let's sing it. Just our voices without the music. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great how great is our God. One more [Music] time. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see. How great. How great is our God? Give him praise and glory today. Blessed be his name. How great is our God. We love you, Lord. We thank you for your grace, your mercy. Lord, we thank you for the word this morning. Lord, we pray that you'll help us to realize who we really are. Father, Lord, we know that once the bride knows who and what she is, Father, she'll be gone. Hallelujah. Amen. We love you, Father. Amen. Sign of the rapture is the work's already begun in you and in me. Amen. From glory to glory, he's changing me. Let's sing that this morning. Amen. The work has already started. Praise the Lord. From glory to glory. He's changing me. He's changing me. He's changing me. His likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world. Glory's [Applause] changing changing me from earthly things to the heavenly his likeness his image to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world from glory to glory he's changing me he's changing me he's changing ing me his likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world for he's changing changing me from earthly things heavenly his likeness image to perfect in me the love of God for he's changing me for he's changing changing me from earthly things. Heavenly is likeness and image perfect in me the love of God shown to the world. Amen. While we're still in Bflat, let's sing the goodness of God. Amen. I love you Lord for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. Every breath I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath I am able. I will sing of the goodness. His goodness runs after me. Your goodness is running after. Running after [Music] me. Your goodness is running after. Running after me. With all my life laid down. Surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. Running at Sing it again. His goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. Running after me. Your goodness is running after. Running after me. With all my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. Running after. He's been faithful. And all my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath I am able. I will sing of the goodness. Sing it one more [Music] time. And all my life you have been. Brother James Terren, would you come? Remember the James? And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. If he's been good, you give him praise. Hallelujah. All my life, he has been faithful. Brother James, if you would close our service in a word of prayer. Let's remember all those be traveling back this afternoon. May the Lord be with them. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, once again, you've been mindful of us. Thank you, Lord, Lord, we commune with you all the time, but Lord, to gather together in one place and to just fellowship around your word, Lord, there's just nothing like that. Amen. It's just nothing that can replace this time that this opportunity that we've had. And Lord, we're so thankful. We just want to give you praise this morning, Lord. We want to lift our voices, Lord, and tell you what it means to us, Lord, that you thought about us once again, and that you said, "Welcome to my table." And you spread a meal this morning, Lord, that was met every need, Lord. Lord, there's been many things on the hearts of everyone, Lord, that come this morning. And we just know that you're mindful of them, Lord. You knew them before they were ever spoken, Lord, before they ever happened. Lord, you knew. And we just are once again asking you to remember those things, Lord. The campers, Lord, that'll be traveling back down the mountain. Lord, I pray that traveling mercies go with them, Lord. Be with the bus, Lord. Be with all of those in their individual vehicles, Lord. I just pray that you'd watch over them. May the angels Lord be around them and just protect them. Lord, we are so thankful this for this time. We just want to just praise you, Lord. I just nothing I wish there was words, Lord, that could just express what these times mean to us, Lord. Amen. But there's really not. But you know our heart, Lord. Hear it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just as we go, let's sing Psalms 34. I sought the Lord, he answered me. How many can testify and say that he came on the scene when you needed him. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered [Music] me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And the Lord heard me and he saved me from my eneies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver. Magnify his name. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all ye saints. He'll give you everything. Give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord. every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. They are incent. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. Give you everything. Amen. God is good. Hallelujah. Amen. Go in Jesus name this morning. You are dismissed. Greet one another as you go. Amen. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you so much. [Music]
