################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2004-12-12 - 04-1212-In His Steps By Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2004-12-12
Title:    04-1212-In His Steps: By Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1156HyIrokg
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Praise God. Love the Lord this morning, &gt;&gt; man. We're looking for a wonderful time in his presence. I was sinking deep in sin. Amen. Far from the peaceful shore, but I'm glad that love lifted me. Can you say that this morning? Is that your testimony? Let's stand and sing it together. Let's make a joyful noise unto the Lord. I don't care this morning if you're a good singer or a bad singer. Just make noise. Amen. Just praise the Lord this morning. We want to enter into his courts with praise, into his gates with thanksgiving. Amen. And we just want to make a joyful noise in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's sing it together. While I was sinking deep in sin, far from the peaceful shore, I was very s with singing the rise of the master of the sea. heard my despairing cry and from the water lifted me and say I I know he love me he is when nothing else could help. I'm glad that love is nothing else to help me all my heart to hear my to hear my name. in the s of so mighty and so true with my soul and heart faithful loving Earth love is love me. Nothing else could help. Love me. Yes, your love lifted me. planet love with me and when nothing else could help with soul Jesus by the out of the angior. your heart to be with me. I love how I know that his love. I'm glad that his love lifted me. Nothing else. Amen. When he reached down his hand for me when he break down for me I lost and I'm done without God or son when he be for me. Oh, now his hand for me. Thank you, Lord. Waiting. Waiting. Way down for me. Oh, without his son. Let's sing the second verse. I was nearing the spare. I was here in despair waiting to be there and show you that I I could be free. But he lifted my feet and he gave me glory. He lifted. He held his hand for me. And I for me, oh without God, aren't you glad? this morning and he reached out. Oh, he reach out for you when he glory. I was fall without God or his son for me. &gt;&gt; I know the master of the wind. I know throughout the race he can so make the sun shine. Oh, I know. I know. &gt;&gt; Don't you know him this morning? I know the way. Oh, I know. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; He can shine my master of the world. Let's sing that first verse. I hold a wide cal in my soul who my heavenly father he watches over me with the grace to appear. Oh my god. I am I know the master of the second verse. Sometimes I sle in the sky among the peace my soul can't be found. But I said this song right, but it could never bring me down. Oh, thank you Lord. I know. Oh, I know. I know. He can promise to make the sun shine. Hallelujah. I know the master of the Oh, thank you, Lord. I know the master of the I know the mater of the wind again. I know the master of the wind. I know the major of the rain. He can call the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. He can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the Thank you Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. Glory to your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, we worship you, almighty king, mighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus. Glory to your name. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We've got a number of requests here this morning we want to take before the throne of grace. And I'm going to ask our brother Roy Floren, brother Roy, if you'd come this morning and take us before the throne of grace. There's a request from brother Piet uh Joberg says, "Please pray for my wife in South Africa, Sister Marina. She has a severe pain in vertebrae and also for uh their backsliden son, Jacques. Um it's a request for Jonathan. It's a baby boy 15 months of age. He's a son of Sister Sharon in Seattle, just being diagnosed with leukemia last Thursday. He's hospitalized and getting uh chemotherapy at Mary Bridge Children's Hospital in Tacoma. Just want to remember little Jonathan this morning. Sister Michelle Rivas is asking that we pray for the mother of one of my friends from school. Um, she has a pinched nerve which has caused one side of her face to become paralyzed. The doctors think it will take about 6 weeks to go away. Just praying for her recovery. Brother Matthew Dertie is requesting prayer for Andrew's roommate at the hospital. He's a boy about 6 years old. His name is Jordan. He has fever and shaking, weakness. The doctors don't know what's wrong. Just request that we pray this morning. I'd also request you to prayer pray for a brother down in Barbados, Brother Philip King. And uh sometimes we think we have a tough time, but uh you put yourself on an island and uh I think there's only two brothers down there. That's it. And uh I told him, "Well, you guys got to make sure you win this island for the, you know, find out what seeds down there." I had a wonderful time fellowshipping with them last weekend. Um but uh told him we'd be praying at the church and a wonderful brother. He got baptized last May and we should just uh remember him in prayer and uh just buy himself one other brother. You know the Bible says one don't put a thousand to put 10,000 to flight. Amen. So uh I want to pray for brother Philip King down there. There's a an unspoken request for the Gonzalez family. Uh I want I would uh request that you remember my dad. He had surgery on Thursday and they removed a large tumor and part of his lymph nodes and uh they don't know whether they got everything. Uh but we're just praying that the Lord would undertake for him and uh just uh just a real example of what a Christian should be like. You know, I wheeled him out of the hospital or the operating room and just had a big smile on his face just thankful for the Lord. first thing he wanted us to make sure mom brings my Bible and uh we're just uh thankful for his life and just request that you pray for him. Uh also requesting that you'd remember the Collins family as well. My uncle uh Jim Collins, they've got a large family and he passed away uh on Wednesday and uh some of you know the family. So we just request that you'd remember them in prayer. And how many have a need they want to be remembered? Amen. And those of you who are listening in on the telephone, on the internet, if you've got a request, you just tape before the Lord at this time as well. Amen. Our dear gracious heavenly father, we count it a privilege once again, Father, to be gathered in your august presence this morning. Father, what a glorious atmosphere that we have here this morning with your presence amongst us. Father, we are so thankful that we have a place that we can come where your presence will be there to uplift us. Father, we are so thankful this morning that we have a God who hears and answer prayers. Father, you're not a God of stone, of wood, or or metal, of some kind of unanimated object, but you're the living God. Heavenly Father, you're the God of the resurrection. Father, you're the God of the living. Oh God, you're the God of the creation, of the heavens and the earth and the universe and all things and all there is. You are God of all things, Father. And there no things that are small are big in your sight, Father. All things are by you and for you and for your glory that were made this morning. We come before you with thanksgiving and with praise this morning, oh God, because you are the mighty God, the King of all kings and the Lord of all lords, and you're worthy of our praise this morning, the heavenly father. And out of the abundance and gratitudes of our hearts, Lord, we lift up our hearts with praise and adoration to a God who is more than deserving this morning. Father, &gt;&gt; who is like unto our God? For you are the almighty God, Father, and there is nothing impossible with you this morning. So we come with a request this morning. Heavenly Father, for each need that's been represented here this morning, oh God, you have an answer, Father, already delivered to meet that need, oh God. For you have given the answer through the sacrifice of your son Jesus Christ the resurrection. So this morning Lord we lay hands on this request and in the presence of the saints of the living God. Father we claim every need to be met in your divine presence. We pray brother Joe for brother Joe and his wife in Africa. Father the pinched nerve. Lord we know how painful that situation can be. So we ask that Lord you will reach out in a special way and touch a sister and raise her up. Oh God, and heal her this morning. Father, we remember brother Rod's father in the hospital this morning. Oh God, we pray that Father, you will just do a great healing in his body. Oh God, we pray that oh Lord, the living cells in his body will come together, oh God, to give him a complete recovery this morning. Father, we remember that little one, oh God, with cancer, Lord. Oh God, what a devil. What a demon. Lord, we curse that thing in the name of Jesus Christ this morning. We refuse it and rebuke it in the name of Jesus. Father, we pray you will reach down now and touch that little one, oh God, and deliver it this morning for the glory of God. And for every other demon that is afflicting your people this morning, we curse them in the name of Jesus Christ. We put them at flight this morning with faith rising from your church this morning, Lord. Drive them away from your people, Lord. For we are the temple of the living God. And these bodies were made to worship you, Lord, to praise you, to glorify you, God. Oh father, we pray that Lord you will take every spirit under your control this morning and deliver your people from everything that is troubling them. Even in this assembly of your people this morning, there are needs, Father, that we know that only you can meet this morning. hearts that are troubled, oh God. Those that are on the fence, Father, we're living in a very troublesome time. And there are those, oh God, even myself, Lord, who is desperately seeking that God would move in a powerful way, Lord, and deliver your people. Give keep our thoughts upon you, Lord. We pray you will ready our hearts for the service this morning, Lord. We pray oh God that your Holy Spirit will come and meet every need this morning. Father, every spiritual need, Father, those who are bound will be delivered this morning. Those who are troubled, oh God, will be set free this morning. The power is in your people, oh God, is in your church for complete deliverance this morning. And we claim it in the name of the Lord. Heavenly Father, come forth with thy word, oh God. And oh father let it settle in each and every one of our hearts. Oh father we remember the brothers in Barbados. Oh God we pray that Lord you will just comfort them. Father multiply the seed that is growing in that island. Father oh God we pray you will just use them for the glory of God. We pray oh father that they will fill the spirit of God with them. Oh God, and they will be strengthened to continue to walk this pilgrim way, Father. And for every other request that was read this morning, Lord, we commit them to the Holy Spirit to meet every need. And for a pastor, we pray this morning, oh God, that you'll give the man of God the complete liberty that he needs this morning to deliver the word that you've laid upon his heart. Lord, we pray, Lord, you'll take the man out of the way and let the Holy Spirit come forth and deliver the word to us, Father, for we've come expecting and believing that you will meet with us this morning. Father, we commit the song service unto you, Father. We commit the atmosphere of meeting God here this morning into your glorious hands. So may you have your liberty with us. We pray Lord thy will be done in Jesus name. Amen and amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may be seated. We want to welcome all those who are visiting with us this morning and we are happy to have each and every one of you here and uh We're going to have a baby dedication at this time. Brother Alex and Sister Wina going to have their little one dedicated. If you could come at this time. Got a couple of announcements. Uh we want to welcome Rachel Joy Hoffer into the assembly. Uh brother David and Sister Natalie had a little girl 6 lb and 6 o 20 in long. born December the 9th, Thursday morning at 5:18 a.m. It's early riser. And uh we want everyone to know as well uh that have children in the uh Bible way Christian Academy. There's a full practice for all of the children in the Bible way Christian Academy and all those who practice last Sunday evening. The children will eat their lunch in the fellowship room and the practice will start at 2:30 sharp this afternoon. Amen. Brother, how do we have a baby dedication without singing Jesus loves me? Jesus loves me. This I know. For the Bible tells me so long, they are weak, but he is strong. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yeah, Jesus loves me. I think that's a big revelation that we need to catch and realize from little children to old adults that Jesus loves me. This morning we have a baby dedication, Gideon. Lord, help me out. Yeah, I always say it one way and and they said, "No, you're saying it wrong." So, we'll say, "Little Gideon is being bapti baptized is being dedicated this morning." And I want you to uh think about a name, what a name is all about. Gideon, his father named him Gideon when he was born, and it means tree feller. And I thought that's that's incredible that his father would name him Gideon and call him tree feller. And he didn't happen to fall trees until the angel of the Lord came his way and he knocked down his father's groves. I thought that was incredible that he was given a name under prophecy of being a tree feller. &gt;&gt; But if you look it up also, it also means warrior. Gideon was a warrior. And I I I have had the privilege of of knowing brother Alex and sister Wakina as a brother and sister in Christ, a couple that love the Lord very much. Love this message. And I know the seriousness in which they've approached God to name their child. And I believe that as a believers, we all do that. Brother Bram said this. He says, 'Now, did you ever notice our young boys have become Ricky's and Elvis's? You got a child named that. He said, 'Cange it right quick. Name it number one or number two. Now that's horrible. Now this is what he says. That's horrible. You say, what difference does a name make? Why? It sure means everything. Your name characterizes your life. &gt;&gt; So I I I believe Brother Alex, Sister Wina, you've prayed before the Lord. You sought God and you named your child Gideon, a Woodfeller, a warrior. Brother Bram goes on to say now, he says, "Brother Brham, you're in numerology." No, I'm not. I'm on thus saith the Lord. So this is more than just a statement. This is the mind of God regarding naming your children. &gt;&gt; And I I thought it's tremendous that Gideon not only is mentioned in the under judges in the Old Testament, but in Hebrews, that chapter of faith, he is named in the scripture. And what shall I say more for the time would fail me to tell of Gideon? May Gideon be anointed under that name that his mother and father has given him to be a warrior for the kingdom of God. He was a brother Bram said he was a scriptural man and may Gideon be a scriptural man. If God should terry and he should grow up and he sees that his mom and dad are serving God with all their hearts. May he realize my parents are scriptural men and women. I want to be exactly a scriptural man. He says that's the kind that God comes to a scriptural man. May God anoint this little baby. May God watch over this little child and may he keep him under the wings of his of his protection. Lord, I cradle in my arms here this morning a bundle of joy and life that you've given brother Alex and Sister Wakina. Lord, they've desired that this young child would be dedicated this morning in the presence of God given back to you. They've waited on God to name this child and they've named it Gideon. And Father, I'm asking now that you will watch over this child. Keep it from all harm. Lord, set a wall around him. Give him such boldness as he would grow up, Lord, in the admonition of God. Lord, that he would be like a Gideon of old. That he'd be a warrior for the kingdom of God. that he would also be a contender against Baal, that he would stand for the standards of Jesus Christ, that he would hold the banner of your word up high, and that you will ever keep your hand upon this child. Make him a blessing in the home is my prayer. Lord, as a young age, may he thirst after thee, the living God. And Lord, may his joy be in Christ and Christ alone. Father, I just pray now that you will receive this little gift this morning as their mom and his mommy and daddy have now dedicated him back to you and pray God that you will take him and keep him in your perfect will is our prayer in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. The Lord We have a choir come and sing for us. Um song that uh want to we they sung it before and I want to make sure that we learn it. Wonderful song. So, as they're coming together, let's sing to uh let's sing um Jesus, Jesus, holy and anointed one, your name is like honey on my lips. Choir can come up. Uh it's uh they sang they practiced this morning. So you know who you are. I think Jesus Jesus holy and anointed one. Jesus, your name is like honey on my lips. Your spirit like water to my soul. Your word is a lamp unto my feet. Jesus, I love you, Lord. I love you. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, holy and anointed one. Jesus. This is my desire. to wonder you Lord with all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, have your way in me. This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you with all I have within me. I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, have your way. &gt;&gt; Sing it together. Lord, I give you my heart for I give you my soul. &gt;&gt; I live for you, Lord. Every breath that I take, Lord, every moment I wait, have your way. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my soul. &gt;&gt; Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wake, have your me. This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. All I have within me, &gt;&gt; Lord, I give you praise. All that I adore, Lord, it's in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, Lord, every moment I wait. Have your way. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait. &gt;&gt; That's wonderful. Last phrase, have your way in me. Why don't we sing that chorus once again? Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I have your way. I'd like the choir just to remain there just a moment. We're happy that you're all here. We're delighted for everyone that is part of our congregation this morning, the visible congregation, the invisible congregation, and I will say all those that may ever hear this service, may God bless them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; May the presence of God be assembled with them, be in attendance with them wherever they may be. And especially today while we are uh connected, joined together hearttoheart, I like to say attribute to attribute because that's what every believer is is an attribute of God. We are just so happy to be uh a part of them. Uh, I would like to make mention that the Bible Waych Christian Academy has a Christmas presentation this Thursday and it is at uh 700 p.m. But we have very limited space. Uh, don't stay away because of that, but seating is limited. So, it'd be good for you to come early. And, uh, we're really thankful for the teachers which we have. We're thankful. I'm so delighted. I'm pleased that we have that number of children that uh between 60 and 70 children that don't have to be exposed to that terrible environment in the world. Uh I I I would think that the congregation and everything that you contribute to it, I say God bless you. You might not know what you contribute, but the building is contributed. The premises is contributed and we like we we are just happy to have that part of it. Oh, it's a wonderful thing. We want to know that we give our young people and our children all the prayer support and all the support that we can in this time. You know, God is so gracious to us. I know that there was a a prayer request I believe by the Dertie family, but I just want to make mention uh Sister Geneva Dertie. Now, this just I'm going to rather than read it, I'm going to give it as I heard it. She was taking some she had some children with her and was taking them I believe uh home or whatever. And uh one of their sons uh Andrew, he had some pain in his in his stomach and pain in his internally and was just kind of complaining, not badly, but it was getting worse and worse, I I guess. And so anyway, she finally uh took him to the hospital to emergency and they uh sat there for about 2 and 1/2 hours, I believe it was. And you know, the medical system today isn't working very well. Uh it doesn't work very well on the state side. It doesn't work very well here. I've I've been in close contact with a lot of people suffering on both sides of the border, but you know, there's just more more sickness. There's more affliction. There's more diseases. There's more side effects from things that we've had. And sometimes the remedy is worse than the cause. And that's just the way it is. And so, Sister Geneva was waiting there a while and finally went up to the lady and said, "Our name hasn't been called." And she said, "Well, have you filled in these forms?" Well, no, I didn't haven't filled those in. Oh, she said, "You have to fill those in first." So, she filled those in and they finally got her in. And just as u as they finally got Andrew in, the doctor that was on duty was just getting ready to leave. And so, he's just going to check him over. Uh and uh he determined, well, there wasn't really anything uh seriously wrong and just let him go home. home and you know uh that was about all there was to it. But another doctor, a woman doctor had just come in to take this doctor's place and she said, "Well, let me check him over." So that doctor left. Now, this is why they had to wait all this time. See? And that doctor checked him over and said, "Take him to the sur emergency immediately cuz he's got a burst appendix." And he had a burst appendix. And the doctor who operated said it was a mess. Now you know, see, they had to wait till that other doctor was leaving and the new one was just coming. And it hadn't been that the boy might not be here this morning. So God does all things well and we're thankful for these testimonies that come by. Many times we don't know why we're going through what we're going through, but God sure knows why we're going through it. And so we're happy for the Dertie family. You know, I just wrote down while I was in prayer today where I was saying to the Lord, we're never needy till we're needy &gt;&gt; and then we're very needy. You know, our little boats go along the stream of life and everything seems to be going along nicely. But then when we hit rough water, you know, that's when we feel and realize our need is greater. And there are many people that are needy and some that may not even be here that are needy and we want to be compassionate. We just say, "Oh God, we want to see the hand of the Almighty." You know, we never need a miracle till we need a miracle. Then we really need one. &gt;&gt; Isn't that the way it is? So let us be a believing people. I'd like to sing and have the choir. You can sing and help us in a real way. Let everybody in prayer say, "He came to me when I couldn't go to him. He came to me. I wasn't seeking for God, but he he was looking for me. He was looking for you and he found you and that's why you're here. That's why you believe what you believe because he came to you." Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just join in one unison, one unity. Let nothing be. Uh uh and and while I'm saying this, I would I would like to I would like to speak to the parents. Uh I've noticed that often times during the ministry of the word that there's far too much movement. Uh young people go out and I don't believe it's necessary. &gt;&gt; I'm a I'm a fairly senior man now and I don't have to leave the service. And I think that that our our people, mothers with young children and babies, that's one thing. But I think that we can sit and, you know, it's disrespectful when the word is being ministered, when prayer is being offered. It's a terrible disrespect. Just get up and solder out and go down the stairs or what. What is this? This isn't a game. This isn't a football game or a hockey game. This is God that we're we're coming into his presence and we want to maintain. Brother Brandham said so often, don't move around. Don't especially right at the time he was ministering to the afflicted and so on. Don't move because it was distracting and disturbing and you don't know who it disturbs. And I I have uh I'm sorry, but I've actually counted sometime over 40 to 50 going through the doors and that is absolutely unnecessary. I've been in crowds of hundreds and even thousands and you don't hardly see a soul get up and move. So unless it's an absolute emergency and want the parents to take responsibility for your children, you see them start getting up, you just grab them by the scuff of the neck, just sit right here. &gt;&gt; And if you're dying, we'll bring them to the front and we'll pray for them. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. &gt;&gt; You need to say amen to that. I believe that'd be pleasing to the Lord. We don't want anything to distract when the presence of God is amongst us. All right, let us sing it then. He came to me. He to me to where he was. He came to me. as I on my to have all of our sisters sing it. Lift it up to him now. &gt;&gt; When I come to anyone, he gave me. That's why I bless his holy name to he man. Oh, he came to me when I could come to where he was. He came to me. That's why he li on what I could not come to where he was. He came to me. Everyone all together now he came to me. Oh, worship him. to me. When I to praise the Lord I would come to where he was to me. Our heavenly father, our hearts are filled with gratitude and the mercy, the grace, the love that you've expressed towards us. I pray that you will now take supreme control and be the preeminent one. Be the honored one in the hearts of the people and praise coming out of the mouths of the people. Lord, we are here not to be seen, but we're here to meet with the living God. We're here to see your power manifested, your revelation upon our hearts and our minds. Lord, I pray that you'll take and anoint us each one that service has already been much prayer and worship. But we're asking once again just now as we stand at the post of duty. You will come to each one. Bless us together now in Jesus Christ's name and all those that are in their homes, in their rooms, wherever they might be. Lord, wonderful words that we've received from the people on the internet streaming in Switzerland and in Norway. Oh God, and New Zealand and America, North America, all over. Lord, how we thank you for these beloved saints of God. Bless us together now as we open your word in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, choir. If you'll open your Bible, please to First Peter. We're going to read a few verses. The scripture says of Jesus when they recorded his coming, John told us that he was full of grace. full of grace and truth. And I couldn't help but think in this in this generation when he came to us, he came full of grace. That's favor, full of favors, full of unmmerited favor. Full of &gt;&gt; And we are here today blessed people, full of grace and truth. &gt;&gt; Full of truth. Not just a little shade of it here and there, but full of truth. What a mighty unveiling of the word of God in this day. Full of truth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm going to read out of first Peter uh chapter 2 and starting at verse 20. For what glory is it if when you are buffeted for your faults, you shall take it patiently? But if when you do well and suffer for it, you take it patiently, that is acceptable with God. For even here unto where you called, because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that you should follow in his steps, who did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth. Who when he was reviled, reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not, but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously. righteously, who his own self bear our sins in his own body on the tree, that we being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness, by whose stripes ye were healed. For ye were as sheep going astray, but are now returned unto the shepherd and bishop of your souls. God bless you. Thank you for standing. You may be seated. If you still have your Bibles open, I wish to speak out of uh the 21st verse. For even here unto were you called, because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example that you should follow his steps. I I want to speak on in his steps. There's two things that come to mind immediately when we speak about following in his steps. Two essentials. There must be one to lead, willing to lead, able to lead, and there must be one that will follow. Those are the two essentials. someone to lead and someone to follow. In the last last few services as we've been speaking, I did refer to some of these scriptures out of Exodus. But you know, this was a remarkable time and that's why it's referred to so much because God was now calling a nation out of a nation. And God had spoke to Abraham, who was the first man of promise. Your seed is going to remain in this land. They'll be there for 400 years. They're going to be they're going to suffer, but I'm going to deliver them with a mighty hand. And that's why it's a remarkable thing. But what? But now here, God began to lead them out. And they weren't always willing followers. when they weren't willing to follow, they ran into a good deal of trouble. And it says in the scripture, I'm going to read quite a number of scriptures. The Bible says, "And the Lord went before them." This is Exodus 13:21. "And the Lord went before them by day in a pillar of cloud to lead them the way." That was the purpose. to lead them the way and by night in a pillar of fire to give them light to go by day and by night. In Exodus 23rd chapter, then two verses 20 and 21, God spoke again to them says, "Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way and to bring thee into the land which I have prepared." In other words, this is who it is, and I'm giving it to you. And this is the objective to bring you to a certain place. Now, that was back there and nothing has really changed. I have sent an angel to lead you &gt;&gt; and to show you the way &gt;&gt; and it's going to bring you to the place that I have intended for you to be. That was the plan of God. And then in Exodus 32, this was the chapter when we spoke on the blame game. This is a chapter I referred to because now the people, they start out by saying this Moses, this man, this man who was leading us, we don't know what's happened to him. They made a grave error &gt;&gt; by not realizing and not recalling, not remembering. It wasn't a man that was leading them. &gt;&gt; This man that God gave us and to lead us out. We don't know what's become of him. He's this message has changed and the man has disappeared and he's up in the mountain someplace. We don't know what's happened to him. But God never did tell him, "I sent a man to lead you. I have sent an angel to lead you." &gt;&gt; And the angel was the angel of the Lord. It was God himself that was leading them. And the man was a prophet who was able to transcend that dimension where God was. And he was the one who initially saw the pillar of fire. Whether the others saw it was in the sight of all of them. But the the key here is that it was the angel that was leading them. And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, and said unto him, "Make us gods, which shall go before, and before is the face of panium, the face or the presence. make us gods who we who will be present with us who will who we can go who will go before us and we will be in the presence of them make us gods for us for as this Moses the man that brought us out of the land of Egypt we know not what has become of him this man that brought us out of Egypt can you imagine people being reduced to to that place. Not just one or two, not just one or two, but the whole company of the people all rose up. You know, it was a it was a mass error. &gt;&gt; It's amazing how this mass of of people can become influenced and they they they're swayed one way and a few days later they're swayed another way. It's it's fickle. Politics is fickle. Popularity is fickle. All of this fame is fickle. If you're if you're a gold medal winner, you're oh, you're you're almost a god or a goddess. But if you come in second, you're just nothing. They don't even know your name. And the next year or the 6 months down the road, you're replaced or displaced by someone else and you're just not even in the picture anymore because it's just a fickle thing. And religion is fickle. something is all you know just a whole sweep and we've had all of these sweeps who had you know uh oh uh the promiseke keepers you don't hardly hear of it anymore but there's have tens of thousands people get all excited because it's a big mass hysteria that gets going bumper stickers by the thousands I found it That's true. &gt;&gt; You saw them. No doubt. I found it. And the unbelieving, you know, it became a laughter. They know what did you find? &gt;&gt; You know, what did you find? It was, you know, like they thought it would be a kind of a religious catchphrase. And, you know, they were going to, you know, I found I found it. I found Jesus or I found something. I don't know what it was, but the whole thing just became a mass hysteria and the bumper stickers and the whole thing just went away just like it came. &gt;&gt; Why? Cuz it's just a bunch of air. &gt;&gt; Just a bunch of emptiness. It's just a bunch of vain emptiness. Somebody just conjured up in their mind. Thought it' be a little catchy thing and we might get a few souls saved. What nonsense. The scripture says we're saved by the word of God, by the incorruptible. And the scripture says by the preaching of the word, God chose that was the way to save those that were lost. Amen. &gt;&gt; And now the people are all caught up into a mass hysteria. Probably started with some whispers. Maybe started with some leaders amongst the people, some princes because they had a lot of leaders amongst the people. What happened to Moses? What? Yeah, I don't know what what did happen to him. Well, he's been gone. Yeah. And the whole thing ripples through the crowd and said, and then someone starts out, you know, I think we need something to go before us and lead us some. We got to have we got to have an object in front of us. We got to have something. Uh why doesn't somebody talk with Aaron? Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Let's get Aaron. Let's talk to Aaron. And pretty soon the whole thing was just a great big mass. &gt;&gt; This wasn't just one or two. The people rose up &gt;&gt; and they had finally gotten the decision made. Make us some gods that can go before us. And they wanted gods who in the in the face go before before is pim. It's a face. The word is in the Hebrew is the face. And the presence is used the same for God. Exactly the same. It identifies his presence in a very personal way. It's the very face of God. And so we want them to go before us. And then God said, "I'm going to I'm going to wipe these people off." I mean, he was so disturbed and angry with it. And uh they said to Moses said in the 23rd verse says, "For they said unto me, make us gods which shall go before us, for as for this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we ought not what has become of him." And then God spoke to him in the 34th verse, says, "Now therefore," because he interceded for them, he says, "Now go there. Now, now go and lead the people unto the place. Now, he's telling Moses, "Now go and lead the people unto the place." Because Moses knew it wasn't him that was leading. Moses knew that he couldn't do anything unless God would instruct him. He was in daily contact. Moment by moment, he had an immediate contact with God and God was leading him. And thus he was able to be a leader to the people. And he said, "And lead the people unto the place which I have spoken unto thee. And behold, mine angel shall go before thee. Nevertheless, in the day when I visit, I will visit their sin upon them, their unbelief. I will visit them upon them." He said lead them which also is to guide. You know it's it's to to lead a person and to guide a person is really two different things. Like we went up hunting. We took brother Brandham up and brother brother Bud Southwick and they have an association and it's called the guide the trappers and guides association. A guide isn't just one that walks in front of you and just say, you know, just walk in my footsteps. That's not a guide. He might lead you, but now this is more than just leading. A person says, "Well, I'll I'll lead you, you know, and and just follow this path." But a guide, he knows that you have a certain objective. And if he's a hunting guide, he he he's one that's watching. He he he knows what it is that the purpose that you're there for. And so he will be maybe spot he will look for a certain area. He not just climbing mountains and going over the cliffs and saying just follow me. That wouldn't be a guide. He might lead you and he might lead you in a safe direction, but he might not lead you for for the purpose and the objective that you're there. Why you're there. Why are we here? We don't want to just have we don't want to just be led. We want to be guided to a certain place. We want to know that that there's one going before us that is leading us in a in a certain direction. And he's watching also for danger. He's a guide. He doesn't want to see you come into danger. Lead us not into temptation. So when he sees areas of temptation, he wants to lead the people away from it because he's not only a leader, he's a guide. &gt;&gt; And that's a big that's a very very important element to leadership. We don't have just a leader. This message is not merely leading us, but it's a protective word. It's a guiding word. Hallelujah. A person can lead and and take you in their footsteps. But you might after a while say, "I need some water. I need some food. I need some Oh, well, we're not in that direction at all. We're not near any water." But a guide knows you're going to need some water. You're going to need some sustenance. You're going to need some protection. A guide may know that there's some weather coming because he knows he knows the signs. He can see that there's some adverse weather coming and he'll guide you to a place where you're protected and you won't be exposed where your life may be threatened. Hallelujah for a guide. &gt;&gt; We don't only have a leader, we have a guide. &gt;&gt; And this is not when he said lead them to this place. It would be to guide them. But there's another another element to this word lead and that is bring them. You will bring them. This there's an assurance here an absolute certainty. You will lead them. You'll show them the direction. But you'll also guide them because he's watching and caring for them. How brother Brandham spoke of of God. And it was so tenderly how tenderly he cared for them in the wilderness. And and the prophet said he busied himself with them. He just busied himself. He he busied himself caring for them, watching over them and bringing them mana from heaven and and flesh. Even things that they cried for that they shouldn't have cried for. But he busied. You know that he hasn't changed. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh, if we could only know about his tender mercies, he is busying himself caring for us. &gt;&gt; And the determination is you're going to bring them to that place. You are going to bring them to that place. Lead them and bring them to their destination. There was certainly nothing that they could do of the work of their own hands. The only thing that they were required to do was to hear the voice and to obey it. That's what they were required to do. They couldn't attribute any of the success of arriving to their destination by their own works because it wasn't by works. The place that their souls crave for and which God had purposed, the the the souls of the people actually craved for this place that God had purposed to lead them to. And a little later on, they're in the land now. Some centuries perhaps have gone by and God has raised up another prophet to them by the name of Samuel. And they came to Samuel and they said, "You know, we've observed the other nations around us. We've observed other people. We have saw some Eve saw some things and now we've saw some things and we've seen things that look appealing to us. We'd like to have a king. And once again, it wasn't just one or two that had the idea, but the whole people. This had gone through the whole the whole group. You know, we'd like to have a king. And Samuel in the eighth chapter, he appealed to them. He said, you know, when you get this king, you know what he's going to do? He's going to take your young men and he's going to make them soldiers and they're going to go and fight. And he's it he's going to have you he's going to take your fields. He's going to farm your fields for himself. He's going to take your your young ladies and he's going to make them to work and labor all in his for his sole purpose. He he's going to have a completely a different a different agenda. But and the Bible says nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel and they said nay but we will have us a king over us. And he he he concluded his appeal to them. He said, "Have I taken your money?" They said, "No." "Have I ever spoken anything in the name of the Lord that wasn't true?" Said, "No." H Is there any reason why you should be doing this? I'm putting it in our vernacular. No, there isn't. No. You've spoken the truth. You have been indeed a a a true prophet of God. You've never taken our money. You've never acted improperly. But nevertheless, that's what they start out with. Nevertheless, we like to have a king. We want a king over us that we also may be like the other nations and that our king may judge us and go out before us. Now, I want you to get the thought. We want him to lead us, go before us, and fight our battles. And Samuel heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the Lord. And the Lord said to Samuel, "Hearken unto their voice, and make them a king." And Samuel said unto the men of Israel, "Go every man unto his city." And God said to Samuel, "They haven't rejected you, they've rejected me." &gt;&gt; They thought it was Samuel. They didn't recognize that there was an angel of God that was leading them. And now they want a man. We want a man to go before us into battle. You talk about going and re being reduced down to the arm of flesh. &gt;&gt; Their trust was going to be in a man. And uh in the Smyrnian church age, brother Brandham makes reference to this and he says when they approached Samuel and asked for a king, Samuel was so dismayed that his heart almost failed him. God had been leading his people through his consecrated scripture vindicated prophet and he felt that he had been rejected. He gathered the people and pleaded with them not to turn away from God who had carried them like children and prospered them and blessed them. But they persisted. They said to Samuel, "You have never been wrong in your leading. You have never been dishonest in your financial dealings. You have done your best to keep us in line with the word of the Lord. We appreciate the miracles, the wisdom, the provision, and the protection. We appreciate all of these blessings and benefits. We believe in it. We like it. And furthermore, we don't want to be without it. It's just that we want a king to lead us into battle. Now, that is identical. I know people today, I talk about the blame game. I was only giving some reasons in the last couple of weeks. I know people today that sat right here and enjoyed the blessings of God. They're gone off on their own winging ideas and gone here and gone there. And you say, "Do you believe in the prophet?" Absolutely. We believe in the Was he true? Absolutely. He was true. We you you believe that he's a messenger of Malachi. Oh, absolutely. We believe we believe that this and we like it and we want it and we want the miracles. But nevertheless, &gt;&gt; I've got my own idea about things. &gt;&gt; I've got my own I got my own denomination. I got my own king. I got my own I got my own man or I'm following this or I'm following that or I'm following something else. And you might say, "Well, well, this is exactly what the prophet of God said." Yeah, I I I I understand. I don't deny that, but nevertheless, I'm I'm going my own direction and we want to he said, "Now, of course, when we go out to battle, it is still our intention. We still intend to have the priests to go ahead with Judah following and we will blow the trumpets." In other words, we will not lose our spiritual inclination. We won't we won't completely lose the format. We'll still maybe we'll just gather in a little house or something and be off by ourselves and we'll still sing some songs and we'll still blow the trumpet and we still want the you know we want the kind of the pattern. We want it to continue. And he says and and we'll still shout and sing. We don't intend to stop any of that, but we want a king who is one to lead us. &gt;&gt; And God said to Samuel, "See, they've not rejected you, but they've rejected me, me from ruling over them." Now this compares with and I will be coming to this in another service but the rejection of Samuel and the acceptance of a king was literally the accepting of a denominational system a manmade system that they wanted to have over them. Jesus said I'm just going to drop that in and then leave it because I will come back to it perhaps in another service. Jesus said, "In my father's house are many mansions, if it were not so, I would have told you, I go to prepare a place for you." Now, I say to this congregation today that those words of our Lord Jesus are absolutely true. But I can tell you that you will never find that place without following in his steps. in his steps and having him not only as a leader but a guide &gt;&gt; one that will bring you to that place. &gt;&gt; The place that he has prepared. And if I go to prepare a place, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also. And whether I go, ye you know, and the way you know. And Thomas said to him,"Lord, we know not whether you go, and how can we know the way?" In other words, how can we find your footsteps? I was thinking while I've been studying on this over the last two, three weeks. You know, Satan slithered into into God's Eden. so deceptive, so cunning, just snuck his way in. But today, he doesn't even try to hide himself. &gt;&gt; He's right out there. &gt;&gt; You take me the way I am, and you you love it or lump it or like it, like it or lump it. Here I am, and I'm right out. Satan, and all of all of the iniquity, he's just, it's like a flood tide. Listen friends, I'm not going to I'm I'm an optimist of optimist, but I'll tell you there's not much to save in the world today. &gt;&gt; It has corrupted itself. &gt;&gt; It is so you can't hardly find honesty and integrity. Whether it be in politics or whether it be in government or whether it be in any kind of system or whether it be in education, wherever it is, you can scarcely find an ingredient of real integrity anymore. I a and and and I say that Satan has come in a a fullblown exposure of himself on the streets &gt;&gt; and everywhere. Absolutely everywhere. &gt;&gt; And uh and and you are it is imposed upon you whether you're in a restaurant or in a mall or in a store or uh wherever you might be uh wherever it is. It's just a imposition upon you. Whether you're in an airplane or wherever, wherever it might be, it's just imposed upon the believer everywhere. &gt;&gt; Whether you work in a place, you might want just some peace and quiet. I was in a restaurant here some days ago and some brothers we wanted to some people we wanted to speak and so wasn't hardly anyone in the restaurant. There's only two or three other people and the music was such that it was it wasn't bad but it wasn't good. It wasn't good for conversation. So we asked the girl and we were in a kind of an area by ourselves. So we asked the girl, "You shut that down for us, please." She looked around. Well, I Well, I don't know if I can or not. Well, I said, "I'm sure that there'll be a control for this speaker here. Just go and shut it right off." And you know, there was nobody in that place calling for that. Nobody. Nobody. None of the people wanted. They would like to have had it quiet so they could have, but but that's just a whole spirit of the age. We're We're going to do it and you're going to like it. &gt;&gt; And if you don't like it, it's just too bad. Just sit there and suffer with it. &gt;&gt; That's the way the generation ends. &gt;&gt; It's perverted. &gt;&gt; It's twisted. mentally &gt;&gt; twisted. &gt;&gt; And that's the generation we're in. And our Lord Jesus has come and walked in Satan's Eden. But I want you to know his footsteps are not that easy to find in this generation. &gt;&gt; And I say further, if we don't have the leadership of the angel, you won't find them. in fact is Satan has taken sole control of religion. &gt;&gt; He has he has become the master interpreter of God's word &gt;&gt; and he has any interpretation that might suit your particular angle of thought or your particular uh uh line of life however you wish to conduct yourself. He has an he has an interpretation for you. &gt;&gt; You understand? Amen. &gt;&gt; And you will never find the footsteps of the son of man unless the angel, the angel, not the man, but the angel &gt;&gt; that went before the prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It was the angel of the Lord. They missed the angel all the time. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Whether I whether I go, you know, and the way you know." And Thomas said, "We don't know." And Jesus said unto him, "I am the way, the truth, and the life, and no man can come to the Father but by me." It was him. It was him. This angel of God, this one that told the people the secrets of their heart. I have quite a number of quotes. I want you to listen very very closely because I'm I'm coming with my theme in the message perseverant in ' 64. Brother Brandham said if you've been redeemed from anything the pawn broker cannot hold you any longer if you're redeemed. If you've got the receipt that it's redeemed that settles it. He can't hold it no more. Then he said, "We've got the receipt." And so now if you've got faith to cash it in, but now if he's standing here, if he is standing here, here is a here is brother Brandham as God's prophet messenger. But he said, "Now if he is standing here, and me basing all my campaign upon he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said he would know what your trouble is talking to a person. And that would surely see how he's bringing it. That would surely, and he breaks, he says, "Me not knowing it, it would certainly identify it have to be him." He's pointing to someone else. It had to be some power. And it and now here's my key for the theme for the next couple of moments in the next few quotes. It depends on what you think &gt;&gt; the power would be in this age of leadya. One thing that is certainly prevalent, you're allowed to think whatever you want to think. You're allowed to come up with whatever conclusion you want to come up with. You can even take the word of God and handle it however you want to handle it. You can take it as serious as you wish or you can take it as light as you want. You can take it direct from God or you can circumvent it and say well you know this or some other you know for some other reason and maybe a legitimate reason whatever more but but I I I just can't be as oh there are some people that are really really serious with the things of God. We all ought to be. But now he comes with this phrase. It depends on what you think that power would be because because you know that I don't know you humanly speaking and I'd have to I'd have to be some power and it would have to be some power and if you believe that to be him. If you didn't believe it to be him of course you wouldn't be you shouldn't be standing here. And but if you do believe it to be him, then he could tell you what you've done or what you're here for or something that would increase your faith, wouldn't it? But it would depend on what you think it is. in Greater Than Solomon in Tucson. Uh, now I'm I'm speaking of this Christ that's full of grace and truth. Full of grace and truth. But most of these people, they really were missing what Brother Brandham was trying to tell them. And I'm simply going back to show you. He pointed them continuously to another person, &gt;&gt; someone else. In other words, he was telling them it's someone else that knows you. I don't know you. Someone else that's here knows you. There's someone else that's leading you. And now he's speaking to a woman and he said, "How do you do, lady? We're strangers to each other. I don't know you and you're a lot younger than I am, but do you believe Jesus can tell me what your trouble is or something about you? Would it give you faith to believe? You believe me to be his servant? You know, I wouldn't know. It would be impossible for me to know. I'd have it have to be from him spirit. and you're conscious at this time that there's something going on. It's his presence or his face or the one that's going before me, before us. It's him, not me. And you're not exactly standing for yourself. You've got a lot of trouble. You've got a spiritual a lot of spiritual problems that you're wondering about. And he said, "And you're going to get the answer for them." &gt;&gt; In other words, that messenger that was there was able to say, "And you're going to reach your objective &gt;&gt; because the leader that is here is going to bring you to the place where you can have the answer. &gt;&gt; You're going to get the answer for them. And just to let you know that I know what I'm speaking of. Some of it is about something going on in your church. That is right. It's a business deal. It's going on in your church and you don't think it's going on right. And that's thus saith the Lord. So he told her what was happening in her church. A business deal was happening in her church and she didn't think it was right and she was troubled about it. And now she's come and got the answer. You're going to get the answer. And another thing, I see a person appearing that's almost dead. It's a cancer case. You're praying for cancer. Someone in your country and you're also from Oregon. Because it's the same country the lady was here before. And you receive what you asked for. Return home. Your faith granted to you. I never touched the woman but God did. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm taking these early examples and yet they're not early. 63 and 64. I'm taking these examples to show that even after all of these years, he's having to punctuate. He's having to penetrate the people's minds because we're a lot of man followers. We want to have something tangible &gt;&gt; to go before us. We want to have some identification even to say, you know, well, this is Cloverdale Bible Way. Cloverdale Bible Way can't get you to your objective. &gt;&gt; Bible believers or no other church or Brandham Tabernacle or William Brandham himself can't get you to the objective. It has to be the angel of God that goes before him. See, none of these things you it we're not looking for a tangible we can get our hands on. That is why people even today that probably gone they they they look for something else or they'll turn here or turn some other direction to some man or some hero or or someone else is going to come or or or brother Brandham's son or sons are going to raise up or something. So, we have something out in front of us that it's not that isn't even in the equation. The thing is it was an angel, the angel of God who's none other than the Lord Jesus Christ himself in another dispensation, another time. And this congregation needs to realize that that angel has never left this word. That angel is guiding the people who are believers indeed believers of the word. &gt;&gt; But it depends what you think it is. The angel could be right here, but it depend on what you thought it was. &gt;&gt; I could be speaking an absolute thus sayith the Lord, but it would depend on what you say it is. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I thought I would like to ask this congregation today because we have such a diverse way of life, live in different places, work at different kinds of jobs, have a whole myriad, just a multitude of circumstances. Everybody has their own shoes to walk in. Everybody has their own set of circumstances. But I thought I would like to ask this congregation, do you have something as a personal individual that hangs heavy on your heart this morning and you don't exactly know the answer. You haven't got sufficient mental powers and you don't have even sufficient discernment spiritually perhaps to know God has held it from you. You don't know exactly what you should do. You might be in a particular situation and it may it may mean it may mean nothing to someone who's sitting right beside you, but to you it it's it's it's a very deep you're very deeply involved in it. and and maybe it seems like there's no exit. There's no way out of it. You just don't know which way to turn. But you've got that personal dilemma this morning. All I can tell you, there is one here. &gt;&gt; There is one here that knows your answer. And I believe that that one, it depends on what you think this word is. If you think this word is just some of you been born in messagebelieving households and you if you think well this is just mom and dad's religion. I'm going to tell you something brother Brandham said and I've got three four more quotes. Depends on what you think it is. If you think like the Pharisees did that he's just a good teacher, he's a good man, he said you will get their reward. &gt;&gt; He said if you believe it come direct from God, you will get God's reward. &gt;&gt; If you believe it's just a man, you'll get a man's reward. But if you believe it's of God, &gt;&gt; you will get that reward. It depends what you if you think this is just mom and dad's religion, then that's only that's the um that's the reward that you'll receive. &gt;&gt; Just a reward. It'll be a human reward. You may have a better life. You will have a a father that works. You will have food on the table. You'll have people who love you more than say some ungodly people. You'll have a different kind of an environment, but it isn't what God has intended for you. Those are just some side benefits. &gt;&gt; If you believe, well, it's a good church. Bible way is a good church. It's the best in the area. It's a it's where I hear things. It's where I am uh uh I'm cared for and I am fed spiritually. And we want that. We want the singing and we want the worship. We believe that we'll never have that. We want the trumpets to blow. We want the priests to carry the word. We want all of that. But you have to believe further than that. You have to believe that this is a angel of the Lord that is leading this people on. If you don't believe that, then you don't belong here. &gt;&gt; It has to be more than just a ministry. It has to be more than just a group of people. Has to be more than just a program or a vision or whatever. more that that maybe this congregation has. It has to be more than that. And now here you might be digging digging in your heels, but I can tell you if you don't, that's as far as your reward will go. Do you have something that you need an answer for? In sers, we would see Jesus. Here's a picture. It's St. John 4. A man and a woman meets for the first time in life to meet face to face. Now, I'm only drawing back into these quotes, not to use them as a quote and not to say, "Well, it was a glorious thing back there." I'm saying what was back there is present even now. the Samaritan woman in our Lord Jesus. Now, here's a woman and I don't know her. I've never seen her before and she's a total stranger. Now, it depends on what you think it is. You can say Billub or you can say Christ. If you say Billub, you will get his reward. Amen. &gt;&gt; I think Belub, prince of the devils, is assigned to the lake of fire. &gt;&gt; And I'm certain he's assigned to the lake of fire. And sometimes, you know, we just shoot from the lip. Well, I don't think that's of God. Then what do you think? &gt;&gt; Might as well say the rest. &gt;&gt; There have been people that have said openly and declared that this message and this ministry is of the devil, I say they are hellbound. &gt;&gt; They are going to hell. And furthermore, I do not know but what they have blasphemed the Holy Ghost and have no opportunity for forgiveness. &gt;&gt; And those happen to be the hard cold facts. &gt;&gt; Door to the heart. Now depends on what you think. If you think like the Pharisees, you get their reward. If you think like Nathaniel, you get his reward. You get God's reward if you think it's God. &gt;&gt; Nathaniel, he wasn't too sure who he was. And Nathaniel had the secret of his heart revealed. And there were multitudes, millions had their secret of their heart revealed. And that's the reward they got. That's as far as it went because that's all that they expected. And that's all the that was what it depended on what they thought and their thought was I've come here. People say it's meant that lepathy people say it's this. People say well it's a gift of discernment and what they thought is what they got. And Pentecost thought it was the gift of discernment and that's all they got. &gt;&gt; And the gift is a gift that's gone. &gt;&gt; You understand? But the angel, if they had only recognized that what he said over and over and over again, multitudes of times, if not me, I don't know you, I can't know you. It is him. There is one here. He's alive and we're in his presence and he's the only one who can know you. That was the one who was leading and that's who those people should have continued to follow and that's who we must continue to follow. The children of Israel thought it was a man and they got a man's reward. A man dies and they all died in the wilderness. And Jesus said, "Furthermore, they're all dead. Spiritually dead. Your fathers did eat mana in the wilderness and are all dead. &gt;&gt; Spiritually dead. spiritually separated from God. God let them die. Even though God, that's why God said to Moses, he said, I believe in 23 of Exodus, with this angel that's going before you, he said, see that you obey him. See that you obey him. Even telling Moses, see that you obey him. He will not he will not forgive your transgressions. It's amazing. how serious it was. And so now the people are in the wilderness and God God told Moses, "I'm going to wipe them off." Moses said, "Don't wipe them off. Blot my name out. All right, I'll preserve them, but in that day, I'll visit their sins upon them and they died in the wilderness." I would say the reason they died in the wilderness first and foremost was they failed to recognize who it was that was leading them. They finally got to the place who this man Moses, we don't know what happened to him. If they could have only recognized it was the angel that was leading them. And I feel very very much impressed that this congregation realizes that who brought this message and I'm going to I want to come down to that. Time has slipped away on us, but can I carry on for a few more moments? When Jesus was here on earth in his visitation, some thought he was a great teacher and that was the reward that they got. Others thought he was a prophet and that was the reward they got. He got their they got their blessings like they said like they said to Samuel, "We don't want to lose the blessings." You know, uh everything that you've been you you've been exactly what you've said you were and we have nothing against that. When Jesus was here, they they they acknowledged that he was a prophet. And brother Brandham refers to said they were they wanted this popular prophet. They wanted him. They invited him to their feast and so on and so forth. And that's as far as it went. That was the reward that they got. When Jesus got to the woman at the well and he revealed the secret of her heart and she knew that he was a prophet that was very complimentary to him to acknowledge him as a prophet of God but it wasn't sufficient and because she was an elected seed he had to take her further than that she had to realize that he was more than a prophet that he was indeed the Christ the Messiah, the very God in flesh. &gt;&gt; He had to bring her to that. &gt;&gt; While some thought he was a pre a teacher, some thought he was a prophet, some thought and there was a lot of disturbance about it. But Peter was convinced. Even though Peter had not received the sealing of the Holy Spirit, he was still convinced. You may not receive, you may not have the Holy Ghost this morning. you. Some of you may know that you don't have the Holy Ghost. But I can tell you one thing you can know. You can have a true confession out of your mouth. Even though I may not have the ceiling of the Holy Spirit, I'm going to confess that this is of God. This thing is of God. And this is not a man leading this thing. It wasn't merely a man that brought this message, but it was none other than the angel of the Lord that has brought it to us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the confession &gt;&gt; that you need to make. And Peter, though he had not been sealed with the Holy Spirit, and Jesus said, "Who do you say that I am?" He said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus said, "Blessed art thou, Peter, for flesh and blood hath not revealed this unto thee, but my father that is in heaven, he has revealed it unto you. You are blessed because you make that confession." The angel of his presence is here to answer every question. He may not give you the answer that you want. Many need a definite answer. He said to Jesus Christ the same message. He said, "You're aware that something's going on. You're wondering what it is. You realize that something's going on." He said, "It's the angel of the Lord, his presence. It's the angel of the Lord. It's his presence." That person may not have uh felt any more than you're feeling right now where you're sitting. Some of you may think, "Oh, if we could have only been there." I've been there. I've been sitting right where brother Tom is. I've sat right on the platform. You listen to the Port El Bernie uh Port Al Bernie meetings. My wife is playing the piano and I'm playing the guitar. So, what was that like? Just like you sitting here. He said, "Really?" Exactly. Brother Breda Langard there was leading song service. You hear the Dawson Creek series? That's him singing at the platform. He was leading the song service, directing the service. What was it? Just like you now. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, what would make it different depending what you think it was. &gt;&gt; That's the only thing that changed it depended what you think it was. Oh, I think it's a great gift of discernment. Great. That's what you got for it. &gt;&gt; I think this is a profit of God. That's what you got for it. &gt;&gt; Well, you said &gt;&gt; I All of those are great, but they don't fit. This is something more. &gt;&gt; There is some divine presence. I have a sister. She might be here today. I don't know. She's visiting from the island. But my wife and I had breakfast with her yesterday. over these many many years I haven't had perhaps I haven't taken the opportunity to say what I've wanted to say but in the last few months brother Brandham spoke to me about her on one occasion and she I had a crushing burden on my heart for her. She was only 15 at the time, but I had a I was absolutely crushed in my heart for her. And I had a second thing is that I'd had a call from our church in Dawson Creek where id pastored, brother Ba had pastored. Brother Breda and my sister Anne were terribly hurt in a car accident, head-on collision by a a drunk driver. and and they were barely preserved. There happened to be a car directly behind him that had a it was a oil field car, I believe, had a two-way radio and radioed for an ambulance immediately. And brother Ba was injured. My sister went up through the windshield and was cut severely and they were hurt, badly hurt. Brother Ba couldn't move. the steering wheel was up into his rib cage and he couldn't move and he actually thought that his wife, my sister, was dying and I believe he said something uh mother are you leaving us at this time? Just a people that are uh perhaps of a lower state in life and drinking and woman selling gifts, giving her body and that's who ran into them. And because of that, uh, a young man who was, uh, actually intended to come up and, I think, start a UPC church in Dawson Creek. And brother Ba being cordial and asked him, you know, he'd be willing to take the pulpit and preach. And anyway, he did, but I think there was some other agenda. Maybe not in his mind. He was a nice man, but I think maybe leaders intended then to take the church over. I got a call anyway from from Cindy Bergen's father and her uncle. They were two deacons and they said, "You better get up here because we're losing the church." And looked like they were going to get the people persuaded to take a vote and gain the church and gain the property. And that was the second thing that was on my heart. And I was crushed. We worked with our hands. My father and I, we we drove nails. And the people of the church worked hard. And we were just a small group and built a nice church with big laminated arches up. It wasn't. And Bud Southwick bowed down on his knees with his five sons on this concrete in the basement of that church and gave his heart to Christ. And it was just not long after that then maybe within a year and a half or so that brother Brandham accepted my invitation to come up hunting and now I was I had moved down here was going to the native Indian people. So I said I would arrange it. I called my brother-in-law brother Ba and he arranged the meetings there and we arranged some meetings in in Grand Prairie. It was at this time I had these two things that were just crushing me on my heart. And we got way up into the mountains and here here I am. I'm in a dilemma. I there's things that I heard that brother Brandham preaches that I I just can't I can't even accept as true. And I just, you know, I got these questions in my heart. I'm not sure about baptism. I'm not sure about the Godhead. I've got good friends on both sides of the fence. And here I am, a young man, 27 and then 28 I guess it was. And I'm I'm with my I think my second now or third time with brother Brandham. And I got these two things in my heart. I don't know why I'm telling you this, but I guess you'll get my point in a moment. And I could only stay a few days because I had just taken a job. I was in debt. I didn't have money to even pay off my debt. And in in a year and a half of traveling to the Indian people, I got $5 from one person from our former church. I got $5 from them. And I was washing floors and walls for janitor service owned by the pastor of the church just when his boys couldn't do it. I was getting uh just a very very meager amount that might put food on the table. But that wasn't my concern. I had taken this job and now I was gone up with brother Brandham and I I had to get back to work and I could only spare one week and I would have to leave early. Brother Fred Sauman was there, Brother Brandham, Brother Billy Paul, Brother Bud Swick, Brother Blaine, and myself, and a native Indian, Oscar Macdonald, who perished in a fire after that. And we were all up there and uh the day came. The picture that you have, the print, that is the noon before this. I'm telling you now that was at noon the day previous that that picture was taken which Marilyn painted and that's why it meant so much to me and we'd been it was a beautiful magnificent day and I had to ride out the next morning and I thought surely brother Southwick is going to send somebody with me. It was about 30 miles, 25 to 30 miles right out of virgin wilderness in the mountains in the Rocky Mountain Trench. And we crossed rivers and cross streams. And I didn't know the way back. It was grizzly infested with grizzlies and all kinds of wild animals. And so I said to Brother Bud, "Is is Blaine or someone going to ride out with me?" Oh, he said the horse knows its way back. Well, I happen to have right ridden horses that were so stupid that they simply walked into the woods and stopped with her head up against a tree or a willow and just wanted you to, you know, which way do you want me to go? And I knew that I wouldn't know the way. And furthermore, where you where you cross these streams and rivers, especially, these are mountain rivers, glacier water. And where you cross them was critical. If you didn't cross them exactly, you could get into deep water, the horse would roll over and soon as a horse gets water in its nostrils, it's gone. It almost is pretty well sure thing that he drowns. And so I I was so nervous and apprehensive about this. I couldn't believe he was going to send me out by myself. And the next morning I woke up and guess what? We were in the midst of the most terrible snowstorm that you could imagine. And I thought this snowstorm, you can't hardly see your way. Surely they're going to send someone out with me. No. We had breakfast and everybody's in the cook tent and I could hear their conversation. I had had my breakfast and I went back. It was the only time I'd slept in another tent and and I slept in that tent with brother Brandham and brother Sothman. We were three in that tent. And I went back in a tent cuz I had to leave. I had 8 to 10 hour ride to go out. And I remember to this moment I was rolling up my sleeping bag. I was so heavy and I hadn't got an opportunity to say a word, not a word, because there just so much activity and brother Brandham was having his relaxation. I wasn't going to bother him with my burdens and I was rolling up that sleeping bag and I thought of it this morning. Instead of Abraham in the tent door, I was in the tent. And I was rolling up my bag and the flaps opened up and Brother Brandham came crawling in on his hands and knees and he sat squat style with his legs squatted like that. Oh, Brother Eddie said, "Sure, sorry to see you go." And I remember just like it was yesterday or five minutes ago. I bit my lip. I didn't want to break down in front of him. I bit my lip. I said, "Yeah, Brother Brandham, I hate to go, too." Oh. He said, "You know, if you could just stay." He said, "You know, Brother Eddie, you could stay here and we'd we'd be here for a month and the sun would come out and shine and we'd ride up along here." And he just went into some euphoria. said we'd see some big rams and I remember distinctly I said in my heart don't do this to me brother Brad don't do this to me and then he just turned serious he said but I know I understand he said you have a family you got responsibilities I understand and I understand all about your sister and the church in Dawson Greek. Now listen friends, I know the man. He come from Jeffersonville. He drove a car. He drove a Ford station wagon. But that one that was speaking through him at that moment was God. God alone knew about my sister. And God alone knew about the church in Dawson Creek. And yesterday I related this to her and I said it has come back to me and I have been in prayer saying God what was in your mind. What were you thinking when you said I know all about my sister? And yesterday I told her that in detail and I I said, "What was God thinking when he said all about my sister?" I said, "It wasn't just your state back then, but he knows all about you." And her eyes brimmed with tears. She said, "That's quite a statement to end end our visit on." I said, "Yes, it is." I know it penetrated her heart. I want to say as a testimony this congregation, I believe that what we believe, I believe in the word that has been unveiled. I believe in the Christ that has been unveiled is the result of the angel of the Lord that has gone before us in this generation. It is none other than the angel of God that has come and spoke these things and taken a human's lips and vindicated him. That's why he vindicated him. So we would believe. So you would believe. So there'd be no excuse not to believe. From the youngest to here, you can understand. We don't need just a leader. We need a guide. We need a protector. We need a provider. We need someone who will busy himself with our affairs. And I want to say to you, we have one. &gt;&gt; It's Jesus Christ, the same yesterday or today. Not some imagination figure of the past, but we have the angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm going to skip something, but I want to come to something. I'm going to close. I want to I want to address you very seriously now just for a moment on the person of Jesus Christ. This last Tuesday was the 39th anniversary of brother Brandham speaking his last service leadership last the last thought that would be uttered out of that vindicated mouth was leadership. If there's anything that we would need is a leader. Amen. &gt;&gt; In these days, &gt;&gt; I'll say to you authoratively, you will never find your way &gt;&gt; outside of this leader. &gt;&gt; You'll never discover the direction you should go. You'll never come to the right decisions. You will never be able to to discover what you should what the answer is for these things because today's dilemma is not tomorrow's &gt;&gt; and tomorrow's questions are not next week. We need a a leader that will busy himself with our affairs and guide us through this life. And we have a leader, none other than the angel of the Lord that was in the burning bush in Egypt, in the wilderness rather, in the desert, the backside of the desert. The one that went before them, the one they missed, the one they thought was a man, &gt;&gt; not a man, friends, the angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; And it depends on what you think it is. I'm saying if you think, well, that was brother Ed's experience and that's fine. That's fine for him. That'll be your reward. That's all a reward you'll get and it won't be very much. If you think it's just a man, you'll get a man's reward. You'll just die, go to the grave. There's no promise in a man's reward. But if you say, "Brother Ed, I'm believing what I'm hearing." And it's touching it's it's touching something very deep within me. And I may not understand it all, but I don't want I don't want to allow anything to escape me. I want it to penetrate me. I want it to permeate every part of my being. And And you'll say, "Oh, God. God that spoke these things, God that brought this word, come and take me. Don't let me sit in this service and just think it's another Sunday meeting. It's not another Sunday meeting. &gt;&gt; I feel as though week by week, we're almost a milestone at a time. &gt;&gt; Incredible things. &gt;&gt; Amen. that God wants to guide us to. &gt;&gt; Apostle Paul, and here's my closing thought. Brother Brandham said to a group of people, said, "You're crowded in here." And it was not that comfortable to the people that were there. He said, "You haven't been here for 8 hours." I guess the time they were waiting and then the time they were sitting in church. You haven't been here for eight hours for your curiosity. He said, "I don't believe that." He said, "You didn't come here to be seen." He said, "I don't believe that." You didn't come here just to hear somebody preach. I don't believe that either. You people that come across the border, I'm so humbled every time I go back and forth across the border myself. Whether you have nexus or not, Nexus, it's still a pain. And you that drive long distances and get up early and get your family together and put them in the car and go home, maybe have your lunch here and go home late at night. You didn't come here out of curiosity this morning. You didn't come here just to be seen. You didn't I don't believe that either. You didn't come here just to sit with somebody and to be here. You didn't come because there's an obligation. &gt;&gt; Then we have to say, why did we come? We I don't believe you come here because it's just your habit. &gt;&gt; I don't believe you come because it was going to be some financial or some material gain. I don't believe you moved across the seas and across the country and across the land. I don't believe you did it just for your some little natural benefit. I don't believe that for a minute. I believe that you came for the right purpose and God in heaven. What a responsibility upon my own shoulders. May the God of heaven confirm to you that you are here following the angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; The angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, and we give him such esteem this morning. I give him all the glory. And that is why I wanted to sing. He came to me. He came to me. A man crawled in the tent door when I was crushed with a dilemma on my heart. It wasn't merely a man. It was God hiding in flesh. &gt;&gt; And I hope you understand that correctly. And that's why I'm going to just conclude with this most important most important thought. The person of Jesus Christ. Apostle Paul said these words. He said, "To whom you forgave anything, I forgive also. For if I forgave anything, to whom I forgave it for your sakes, forgave I it in the person of Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham said in the Jubilee year, now the same one that sent the Lord Jesus Christ here by his spoken word, he said it materialized and became the son of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; As an innocent for the guilty to redeem us back to fellowship to God that we might who are once alienated for God from God can now be brought nigh to God by the offering of the blood of the righteous son of God. God materialized himself in a body of flesh. And the scripture says by a new living way which he hath consecrated for us through the veil that is his flesh. The veil just bear with me now a few m moments. The veil was his mask and I I was interested. I thought I will look cuz in the leadership brother Brandham says oh I was so touched. You want to go home and listen to it? And these are Christian businessmen international. These men are stalwarts of churches. These men feel a mission to take the gospel to the world. These men actually believe the church has failed, that denominations have failed. They're all split up. They actually believe that the ministry has failed and God has raised us up and we've been able to break down and cross all the barriers of denomination. God is using us. He has prospered us. We have the money. We have the means. We have the talent. We've got the men. And here comes a prophet says doing God a service without his will. &gt;&gt; Just cuz you've got the money, got the means, got the talent, got everything, doesn't mean you've got the mission. Yet you've got been called by the by the Holy Spirit anointing. And he was telling them, don't do it. And he's talking to these people and he talks about the rich young ruler and how he was led by his mother took him by the hand, by his father who taught him how to be successful in business, by the rabbi who taught him all the laws of God. And the scripture says, "And Jesus beholding him loved him." &gt;&gt; Jesus loved him. &gt;&gt; Do you hear me? He was a nice fine young man, successful, honorable, respectful, and one that could take out of the heart of Jesus Christ. He loved him for it, he said. But he refused eternal life. &gt;&gt; He was religious. He kept the whole law of Moses which very few people could say but he could not he could not accept the person of eternal life. And brother Brandman uses the term the person of Jesus Christ and uses the term the person of eternal life. And there it was right there in front of those people. And it's like a salvation message. Don't don't reject the eternal life. Don't reject. Those people must have been. They're so quiet. When you listen to it, you'll hear so quiet. Hardly gets any amens out of it. Because those people said, "I've been saved for years. I've spoken tongues. I've got the gifts of the spirit." What is this man speaking about? And there was God hiding behind a mask telling them, "They've missed it. &gt;&gt; Look where they are today. Look where their organizations are today. Look where Pentecost is today. It's a disgrace to the name of Christ &gt;&gt; and the things they allow. It needs to be cried out against. It needs to be cried out against. I say, and you need to support it with everything you have in it. Any man, any person that will stand up and make a declaration of what's truth is truth and what's falsehood is falsehood. There's no gray areas. Friends, I'm not at all uh angry, but I'm disturbed. I'm disturbed at at what Satan has uh been able to camouflage and have good people. They're good people, lots of good people there, but they got to come out. And so I wanted to find out what is brother Brandham used that term the person of eternal life. What is a person? And with this a few thoughts I'm going to close. According to Encyclopedia Britannica, a person is a human being as including the body and mind. A person is a part acted on the stage in person. Present in the flesh, present and acting for oneself. A person is one that may be acting on the stage acting out in person in the flesh present and acting for oneself and you'd find as I did persona and persona is two words per which means through through and sus a mask, a sound rather, through making a sound. And persona, the encyclopedia said, is a mask for actors, a sound coming through a mask or a veil. And there stood a prophet, a veil for the almighty God, a veil for the angel of the Lord with a sound coming through the mask &gt;&gt; to that group of people blind, blinded by their religion. &gt;&gt; But God with such clarity telling them there was a rich young man. He was successful like you businessmen. But when he got confronted, he knew the law and he kept the law. He had an impeccable record. He was respectful. He went to the synagogue. He went to church as you have today. But when he was confronted with the person, the person the person that the children of Israel missed, &gt;&gt; as for this man, &gt;&gt; we don't know what happened to him. They missed it. They thought it was a man, but it was the angel of the Lord that was speaking through a mask. &gt;&gt; Does this congregation understand what I'm preaching today? Do you understand what it is? &gt;&gt; Oh, my brother, my sister, when you begin to take a hold of that message, you'll find out it was the angel of the Lord. It was even God himself, the angel of the Lord, his presence, his face right here. But it depends what you think it is, &gt;&gt; what kind of devotion you think it requires. Oh, it's a hit and miss situation. It's just when I feel just right. It's when it's all comfortable, when it's all convenient. Brother Brandham was in that message done. He said, "I want to leave it to this congregation." He said, "Who's leading you now?" That's what's important. Could be your job. Young ladies, it could be your beauty, your youthful beauty. Young men, your strength, your education. your future. And if anything begins to contravene the words that came by the angel of the Lord, you suddenly have another God. And that God is going before you. And you'll live in his presence. And he won't stop dictating and telling you how you're going to order your life and what you're going to do and what you're not going to do and where you're going to go and what where you're going to go. And that why I say we need to make absolutely certain that none other but God himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Not your imagination of what you think God is but of what God expressed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This this word he spoke this word. It didn't come to a man. And now I say to you, we call ourselves the body of Christ, the word made flesh persona. There's a sound coming through this mask, &gt;&gt; this mask called the bride of Jesus Christ. There's a sound and it's none other than the same one who spoke back then who has spoken this generation that wants to utter something out of you and through you. It will be a sound coming through. It might just be an act. It might be something that has to wait for years. As I found yesterday, it waited for many, many, many years. But I thank God that we're able to live a life that will confirm that what you're saying and what's coming out of your mouth is true. That what comes out of your mouth and what is expressed in your life are not two different things. They must be the truth. And and if we say, "Well, yeah, it's you know, I know it's I know that it should be different. All the rest of it, then who's God?" Oh, I tell you what, I got another message coming up. I can tell you that some magazines have taken the place of God. Some fashion designer has taken the place of God. You say, "Are you are you are you absolutely is that really what you're saying?" That's exactly what I'm saying. You'd say, "Well, how in the world could that be?" The same way as some earrings &gt;&gt; and other bracelets that went into a fire and came out a calf became a god. &gt;&gt; That became a god. You say, "Well, that's absolutely absurd. They had the angel. They had the pillar of fire. They had the pillar of cloud. They had a prophet." Yes. And so do we. &gt;&gt; So do we. So are we. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandham said, "What happened?" Church said, "You seen too much television." He's talking about that. Why? Because what they saw on television became their god. &gt;&gt; They saw there how they're to dress. They saw there how they're to speak. They saw there how they're to act, how children would treat their parents with such disrespect. And that became their god. Satan is devising every way, every way conceivable to w to to uh make his way into our homes or make his way into our lives. I tell you, my precious friends, fathers, mothers, young people, there's only one answer to this generation, and it is the word that God has sent vindicated in the mouth of a prophet. But it is the angel of the Lord. It is his own. It is his own. The presence of Christ. His own personal presence identified amongst us. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? I want to sing. He leadeth me. He leadeth me. What a blessed thought that he leadeth me. What do you think about it? &gt;&gt; I say to you this morning, it depends on what you think of it. It was It depends on what you think it is. It's really amazing. It's really amazing. I just have to be careful. I don't want to move anymore forward. We've I've kept here a long time. But it's really amazing how clear the message can be and what response it gets. What response it gets. And I'm talking about every area of Christian life. Every area. every area of Christian life. Not long ago, few days ago, the brothers who watch the internet and I don't watch it much. They just send me a little. It It's quite costly. Costs a lot. Almost 50% of the people on the internet were people of the congregation sitting at home streaming. If a person is sick, afflicted, or for one reason or another, but you belong here in the house of God, &gt;&gt; not streaming, sitting at home. Now, you be careful. It depends what you think that is. &gt;&gt; I can prove from the word of God that you're supposed to be in the house of God. &gt;&gt; We are edified by that which every joint supply. &gt;&gt; Every joint supply. &gt;&gt; It's needful to be here in the house of God. Not for my benefit, for your benefit. And for those that are streaming right now for your benefit if at all you can't. And we have people that are ready to sell out, ready to ready to do almost the impossible just so they can get to be here. Ready to sell out lands and at a senior life senior age in their life don't even know how they would live here in this costly place. But they're prepared to do that. They want to do that. Help us. Help us just to find a place. We don't know how we'll live, but we want to be there because we need the fellowship. We need to be there. &gt;&gt; We need to be in the house of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, was it just Brother Bride? Was it just the man who said you should be at the doors &gt;&gt; waiting? Or does that actually have its roots &gt;&gt; in here? And was it William Brandham or was it actually the angel that was saying it? Now it depends on you what you think it is. &gt;&gt; Everything that you do, whether it be you're giving at the tithe box. Maybe some of you young couples, you haven't got started yet. You haven't started tithing. And I may I'm quite aware of that. I don't go and check it out. I never look at it. Never. People called me and said, "Oh, we had a uh you know, our our check or something." I said, "Don't talk to me. I don't know anything about it." Somebody said, "I I got to catch up on my tithe because uh if you you know, I I my receipts show that I haven't paid my tithe." I said, "I don't know a thing about it. I don't look at them." That's between you and God. I can tell you it depends what you think it is. You think, "Oh, well, uh, we can't get started yet because we just got married and we've got so many debts and we've got so many things that we've got to do that we get your reward." Then people wonder, why is it I'm having such difficulty? Why is it why isn't the blessing of God on me? Because you haven't been honest with God. you you haven't even come where the blessing can begin to fall. You're not there. And so if now we got to say that's God or it's not God or it's just something for the Old Testament or that was just Brother Brenham's idea. Be careful now. &gt;&gt; You'll be found in the same place. &gt;&gt; Say this man. It's &gt;&gt; not the man. And it certainly isn't this man. It's some man. No, it's not a man. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's the church. The church needs the money. I can tell you the church doesn't need it. But you need to give it. &gt;&gt; You need to give it. You need to give it. You young couples, you need to start. You say, "Well, I I can't because of I have this and that, and by the time I add it all up, oh, are you actually spending God's money to pay your to pay your bills? Are you spending God's money to pay off your car? Is that really what you're doing? Well, uh, you know what happens? This is where I'm going to be coming to. I'm just giving you a heads up. It's where I'm going to be coming to. That thing that you reasoned out has become your God. &gt;&gt; And that's what's going. &gt;&gt; That is what's leading you. That has become your God and displaced this God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the church can say &gt;&gt; amen. And I'm not into this preaching tithe so you'll be blessed. You tithe whether you're blessed or not blessed. It's not yours in the first place. Like somebody I heard say not too long ago, he said, "It's not only the tithing that's God, it's all God's. He gave you 90%. You might say, "Well, that's just Brother Ed. That's fine. That'd be all right, too." God bless you. I've kept you a long time, but I have to unbburden my heart. Let's stand, shall we? Let's start the first verse, please. He leadth me. Oh, bless his heart on all words with heavenly comfort brought. I do wherever I be still God's hand that leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me. My strong hand has he leadth me. His faithful father I would be for by his hand he lead me. Sometimes it seems our deepest blue. where sins flowers still Follow she that lead me. He lead me. He leadth me by his hand. He leadth me. full power. I will be happy. &gt;&gt; When brother Brandon made that statement, you're not here for your curiosity. Are you coming to show your clothes? He said, no sir, I don't believe that. come to spend hours in the tabernacle like this congested and jammed together, you've sat here longer, perhaps twice longer than the average church. He said, "You wouldn't do it for curiosity or to show close. It's because that something in you, something in you is leading you to do it." And I believe in my heart of hearts this morning that there's something in you that's pushing you. He said another place that's pushing you. It's causing you to believe. And we have some that are needy. We're going to pray for some that are needy. Uh Sharon, my granddaughter, is in need. And there may be some others. And I felt that those that are in real physical need or spiritual need, if you want to come, especially I want to anoint with oil this morning. And I feel to anoint with oil. I've been requested to anoint with oil. And uh brother Marco, I'd like you to come if you would. Brother Michael, Mike Hunt, if you would as father. Are there others here that have need to be anointed with oil? All that come and stand, I'm going to anoint them with oil. And I would like the ministers to come and just pray for each one. The Bible says, I am the Lord that health thee. And the Lord will take away from thee all sickness, and he will put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest upon thee, but a but will lay them upon all them that hate thee. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not his benefits, who forgiveth all thine iniquities, and healeth all thy diseases. And the church said, &gt;&gt; "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. And Isaiah through the prophet that veil uttering, "But he was wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes, can we say it? We are healed." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; With his stripes, we are healed. Sickness and disease, we must say it and declare it, has no business in the house of God. &gt;&gt; And this one, which you know, and is usually referred to with respect to salvation, but I want you to hear it. But what saith it? The word is nigh thee even in thy mouth and in thy heart. That is the word of faith which we preach. &gt;&gt; And I have declared today that this word has come by none other than the angel of the Lord. To me, he's the angel of healing. &gt;&gt; He's the angel of his presence. &gt;&gt; He's the angel of his voice. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he says, "But the word is nigh thee to those that are coming to be prayed for." The word is nigh thee in thy mouth, &gt;&gt; and that thou, if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. And we take salvation as someone come to the altar repenting and being saved and they go away saved. I thought I will look thoroughly at that word and to be saved is this. It is to make whole &gt;&gt; to heal &gt;&gt; and to be whole. Come and make more room if you would please. to keep safe, to be sound, to rescue from danger or destruction. Listen now closely. And thou shalt be saved to save a suffering one from perishing, one suffering from disease. You shall be saved from disease. &gt;&gt; You shall be made well. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what the scripture says. You shall be &gt;&gt; if you confess. Here it is. It depends on what you think about it. &gt;&gt; If you confess with your mouth and believe in your heart. &gt;&gt; And I'll say to the church, believe the whole council of God. Don't believe just one part. Believe the whole council of God. I'm here to believe it. It depends on what you think it is. Oh, &gt;&gt; I tell you what, we could have a meeting starting right now that wouldn't even end. We wouldn't even be done before the evening service would start because there is that God can break on this scene. &gt;&gt; All manner of supernatural things. This is supposed to be happening in the house of God. I believe in the supernatural God that led supernaturally. Hallelujah. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. And if anybody can't believe, dismiss yourself. We don't want any hindrance. If your heart's not right, either get it right or dismiss yourself. We want nothing to hinder the power of God in this place. And you shall be saved. You shall be whole. You shall be healed. &gt;&gt; And the word is neither in thy mouth, not in my mouth. &gt;&gt; Not in a other minister's mouth, but in your mouth. It's nigh thee in thy mouth. I believe that this word has been identified by the angel of the Lord. That is the healing angel. That's the angel of his word. The promises of God are yay and amen to everyone that believeth. It depends on what you think about it. &gt;&gt; To save, to keep sound, and to rescue. Is that an act showing stretching forth thine hand to heal and that signs and wonders may be done in the name of thy holy child Jesus. There's been a backlash against uh signs and wonders amongst many message believers. I believe in the signs and wonders. And like I said, when the boat is slipping along nice and easy and there's no turbulence, it's easy to say, "Well, we don't need it." But wait till your boat starts rocking. Wait till you start running into it. You say, "Oh, God, save me now. What is it that you want?" You need a God, a supernatural God, a miracle working God. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health &gt;&gt; even as thy soul prosperth. Now hear the mask. Hear the voice coming through the mask. The prophet mask. And he said, "Now he's veiled in you." Listen to me, friends. &gt;&gt; Who's veiled in you? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This same same Christ veiled in you. You're the mask. &gt;&gt; What are you to be doing as a mask, God? You're dwelling in me. And I place my heart in faith, hearttohe heart with the next one that's next to me and with that person that's down in the front, that sister that's in that wheelchair. I place my heart in faith. &gt;&gt; I am part of this company. I'm part of this body of Christ. I'm part of this bride. I'm part of this Exodus group. I'm part of the rapture group. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The same one, the same one that sent the Lord Jesus here by his spoken word. It materialized and became the son of God. Died as an innocent for the guilty to redeem us back to fellowship with God that we might we who were once alienated from God can now be brought nigh to God by the offering of his blood of the righteous son of God. We can be brought nigh to the sacrifice. Now &gt;&gt; the prayer of faith shall save the sick &gt;&gt; and the Lord shall raise him up and if he have committed sins they shall be forgiven him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Linda, he came to me. He came. or the rod where you come and play. to be he as mighty on to anyone. Listen friends, I'm going to go down. All of you that are standing here, I'm going to go down just the line. I want the brothers, the ministers to come and pray for them. I want to anoint them. Deacons, you're welcome. We need people here to be praying for our people going to go down the row and anoint them in the name of the Lord. And you brothers, pray for them. Uh I want to say father you see this group brothers and sisters you see somebody here that is that is suffering we need him on the hand right now we need him on hand you'll go home and you can forget it but they've been living with it &gt;&gt; and there's some serious cases that are right here would you Say, "Oh God, let me play my part. Let me reverently now play my part. Come, oh Holy Spirit, come. Come." Amen. Maybe we've said, "Brother Rod, if you would only believe, only believe, all things are possible." Holy beings. Holy feet are possible. Oh, Lord. I believe I believe I believe all things are possible for I believe I believe Lord I believe are my Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. I know that all things are possible for Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things Jesus Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. For all things are possible. And now I believe. Lord. Now I believe. Oh, now I believe all things are for now. I'm dreaming now. I believe now. Oh, man. those who are being prayed for. If after you've been prayed for, you just move out cuz we got a lot of people waiting. If you could move out uh after you've been prayed for, we'd appreciate that very much. All things are possible only. All things are possible. Come by here, my Lord. Come by here. Come by here. My own prayer. Lord, come by here. Oh, come by here, my Lord. Come by here, oh Lord. Come by. I am thee, Lord. I am the Lord. Lord please come my need. Oh I am oh I am need. Oh, I am I need I am listening Lord. I am lifting my Oh, I am listening. Oh come by here I am listening Lord I hear come by here my Lord come by here my Lord Oh Lord, won't you come by here? Come by here, my Lord. Come by here. Come by here, my Lord. Come by here. I am need. I am I am so needy. Lord, please come by here. Oh, I am I need somebody. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. He is here. Holy, holy, Lord. I will bless your holy name. calling out your name. You can touch him. He is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Oh, he will bless your holy name. Is he holy sly calling calling out your name? He is here. You can touch it. You will never be the same. Jehovah Gyra in your heart. &gt;&gt; I'm by the Oh, you are more than enough for me. No hope forever. You are my healer. I will strive. I am set free. Jehovah Sh. You are with me. And you supply, you supply all my needs. You are more than enough. Oh, you are more than enough. You are more than enough. All me higher than you. You are more than enough for me. Jehovah, Lord, you are my he and by your stripes. Oh, I am now set free. Jehovah Sh. Oh, you are with me and you supply. You supply all of my needs. You are more ready. So much more than enough. You are enough for me. Jehovah Gyra my you are both glory forever. You are my heer, my child. I am set free. Jehovah, you are with me and you surive. You suck my on my knees. You are all so much more. Oh Lord, you are enough. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Oh, me. Oh Lord, and I will be healed. You are the one. I praise with all my heart. I praise you. You are the one I praise. Oh, give me all and I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Give me, oh Lord, and I will hear. You are the one I praise. You are the one I praise. Oh, just heal me, oh Lord, and I believe he save me and I will be saved. Heal me, oh Lord, Lord, and I will be. You are the one I praise. You are the one. I praise our prayer, Lord. Just keep me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. He me I touch me. Yes, Jesus. Hallelujah. My soul and I know Jesus. I see all that my soul. Something something happened and I know and oh he touched me touch And all the joy that was my soul something happened. And now I know Jesus and Jesus is passing this way. this way today. Jesus is passing this way. Jesus way today. Jesus I sing this way. This way. Oh my Lord Jesus. I see his way. I see this way today. Just reach out and touch the Lord as you pass. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. Each passing by this morning need to supply. Reach out. Touch the Lord as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord. As he goes, you'll find out you busy to hear your heart crying by this moment. Your needs to supply. reach down and touch the Lord as he says the Lord as he goes by. You'll find it not too busy to hear. I sing find this moment your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he worthy. Worthy, worthy. &gt;&gt; My Lord is worthy of all our praise. He's worthy. Oh, worthy, worthy, oh worthy. the lamb that was slain. Praise him. Praise him. I will pray. Praise the lamb that was slain. Oh, praise him. Praise the lamb that was slain and love him. I love him. Oh, with all my heart I love him. Love him. My love of the lamb that was slain of me. Oh love I love I love the lamb that was slain. I love him. I love him. Oh, I love you. Now the prophet messenger said go thanking him. Go praising him. Hallelujah. Go thanking him. Give him glory all ye people. I will praise him. I will praise and praise the lamb for sinners slain. I will praise. Yes, I will praise him. I will praise him. I will praise the lamb for slain. Give him glory. Glory for the people for his blood has washed away and the people are giving him glory. Let's just praise him and we give him glory. Thank him for what he's done, what he's doing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let it be expressing in your faith. Glory to God. Glory to God. We give you praise. Mighty Christ. You're resurrected. You're living amongst your people. You're living in your word. You sent this message. Oh God. You identified it. We believe it. We believe it. We believe it. Oh God, give faith I pray supernatural faith and perfect faith in our hearts. The blood of his son you will honor your word. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Remember very strength remover in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory to the son of God. Glory. Glory. My lord. My lord. My lord. has all hallelujah. Oh, we praise you, Lord. We give you glory. Let the people of the Lord say so. Let those that have been healed give him praise and glory. Do what you couldn't do before. Do what you couldn't do before. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to glory. Oh, we thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; What a lovely one, Lord. What a lovely name. The name of Jesus, &gt;&gt; the name is above every name. And all the hosts of heaven are glorifying him. But they have not been redeemed. We have been redeemed from the pit of sin, from the slavery of the enemy. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We shall give him glory for 10,000 years and we'll just begun. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. We should do you that have been prayed for, do what you could not do. If you have some infirmity, do what you could not do. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's time for our sister Heidi neighbor to be healed. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Glory to God. We want to hear and see the name of Christ lifted up and glorified amongst his people. We will give glory to none other but to him and him alone. He's the only one worthy. Oh father, our praises and our thanksgiving will not cease as we walk from this sanctuary. But we will continue. We will remain in this atmosphere. We will come under a glory cloud this evening. Oh God, we thank you for your We came Lord and you have answered. We came Lord with questions. You've answered them. We've come with physical needs, Lord. We came hobbling up here. We came, oh God, with our suffering and our pain. But we can say Jesus paid it all. &gt;&gt; And when you spoke those priceless words, it is finished. There is nothing we could add to it. We don't have to try to conjure up something. We don't have to receive it in some emotional. But oh God, we are emotional now. We're happy now. We're praising you, oh God, and and we'll continue to praise you till the finished work is completed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory be to the son of God. &gt;&gt; Be with us, Lord, as we depart from this place that we may return after a short time of refreshment and rest. Let you speak what you would have spoken to us, Lord, tonight through your servant in Jesus Christ's name. We want to know we love you. We love you and we thank you. We thank you for coming to us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love him. I love him. And with that we are dismissed and we'll go quietly and reverently. I love him. I love him because he first love me. And my sh Amen. You're dismissed.
