################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2004-09-08 - 04-0908-The Ark Is Moving Br Ed Byskal; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2004-09-08
Title:    04-0908-The Ark Is Moving: Br Ed Byskal; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYRqodBml2k
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Derek as a dear planted for the water soul my soul long worthy just worship him tonight. Oh, you are alone on my heart desire and I want to worship me. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone and my spirit. Oh, you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. And you're my friend and you are my brother even though you are. Oh I want you the other so much more than anything. For you alone are my strength and my shield. You alone does my spirit. For you alone are my heart desire and I want to worship thee. last words. Oh, I want you more than gold or silver only you can set his mind. You are my joy giver at the end. Oh my heart. For you alone are my strength and my shield. You alone does my spirit. Oh, you are my heart desire and I long to worship. Let's sing that last verse again. I want you more. Oh, I want you more than gold. or silver only. Oh, you alone are the breath and the air. Oh my eyes. For you alone are my strength and my shield. To you alone my spirit. For you I know are my heart desire and I long to worship thee. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to your name. Oh God. Glory. Glory. Desire of my heart. Oh God. I want you more than gold or silver. Jesus. more than the riches of this life. Oh God, I want you Lord God, God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise your name, Lord Jesus. Praise your name, oh God. We've come today, oh God, to glorify your name, Lord. Lift your name on high, oh God, for you are worthy, Lord. You're worthy of praise. You're worthy of honor, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah to your name, oh God. Oh, you truly are, Lord, most high. Oh God, Lord, most high. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you with all our heart. Oh God, all our soul Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's your name, oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise your name, Lord. Praise your name. I'm going to ask brother Chris Moritz. Brother Chris if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. We have a testimony we want to make mention. Sister uh Patricia Statigan has a little prayer request here. I lost my wallet yesterday on the bus with my social insurance number, bank card, and everything. My mom and I prayed and I phoned the next morning and my wallet was returned with everything in it. She just wants to thank the Lord for that. Brother Philip Gary has a testimony. I just want to thank you all for your prayers for her dad that he's out of the hospital and the surgery was not necessary. So, I want to thank the Lord for that. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Nathan Davis has a prayer request here for his niece Angel. It's an unspoken request. We just want to lift her up in prayer. We got a request here. Please pray for St. John family. They have an urgent unspoken prayer request. They also ask for our prayers for Samuel as he's had a bad lung infection again. And uh brother Gary and sister uh Lisa asked that we pray for a complete recovery that he will uh develop normally as the doctors say that he is about 10 months behind in his speech and uh and other other uh growth patterns and also we want to pray for uh brother Bob and sister uh Novani Vineyard as they have an unspoken request. Also, we want to uh pray for brother Bob's healing as he's not feeling very well. And uh also here, please pray for sister Carmela Ricardi as she is at home and not feeling well. So, we want to uh lift these knees to our Lord. Amen. If you have a need tonight, if you're on the telephone, hookup on the internet, doesn't matter where you are, just stand with us, raise your hand and heart. Amen. He's here to meet all our needs. Amen. Chris, if you'd come, just bow our heads. Lord God, we just want to thank you for this awesome privilege we have, Lord, to come before you tonight, Lord God. Lord, knowing who we have believed in, Lord God, knowing that we believe an awesome God, Lord, as we're able to work wondrous things, Lord, in our lives, Lord God. Lord, we can look around us tonight, Lord, and see many examples of your your work, Lord God, and and your power in our lives, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just thank you for those examples, Lord God. Lord, allowing us to build up our faith tonight, Lord, that we can have faith for these requests tonight, Lord. Lord, we hold him before your throne tonight, Lord God, that you could just pass by this way, Lord God. Pass by this congregation tonight, Lord God, and we just want to touch the hem of your garment, Lord God. Lord, just speak to not just our just to the healing needs, Lord God, but we ask that you just come to our hearts, Lord God. Lord, you know what we have need of, Lord. You know what tomorrow holds for us, Lord God. That you could just take tonight's service, Lord God. Father, just strengthen us for this coming week, Lord God. Lord, just prepare the speaker for tonight, Lord God. Just asking that you just create the right channel for the musicians to come into, Lord, that we could all come in one accord to you, Lord Jesus. We look to you now, Lord, the author and finish of our faith, Lord God. We have great expectations for tonight's service, Lord. Want to thank you and we pray these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. I sure I'm sure you do. I just wanted to uh just make an announcement. I mentioned it on on uh on Sunday just with regards to the Bible Christian Academy. It's uh tomorrow night, Thursday at 7, I think it's still 7 o'clock. Uh there's a meeting for all parents to attend. So make sure those that are in school. Is it for those in school and also those who aren't part of the school Sean? Is it uh just all parents or just parents of the school? Parents of the school. Okay. Good. All right. And also um I have an announcement here reminder regarding the signup sheet for those interested in the Israel tour on May 2005. It's posted on the board across from the office. So you can uh be sure to sign up sign up there. Why don't we um turn to number 2331 and let's sing when I see the blood. When I see the blood I'll pass over you. Christ our redeemer died on the cross. Died for the sinner. paid all his due. Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb and I will pass will pass over you when I see the love. When I see the blood, I will pass over you Jesus s Jesus will save all he has promised that will he do. washing the mountain. Open for sin and I will pass will pass over you. When I feel love when I feel love again when I feel love I will pass over you. Judgement is coming. All will be there. Each one receiving justly do. I am the saving this cleansing blood and I will pass will pass over you. Oh, when I see the blood. Yes. When I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood pass, I will pass over you. Oh, great compassion, profound love. Oh, loving kindness, faithful and true. Find peace and shelter under the blood. And I will pass will pass over you. And I see all when I see I have spoken out Blood. Yes. I see the blood. Yes. I see the blood. I will pass. I will pass over you. Amen. As brother Ed comes, bring the word. Let's sing one of my favorites. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Amen. Are you glad you're free tonight? Praise the Lord. That that sounded unanimous. Amen. If you're not free tonight, I trust by the end of the service, Amen. you'll you'll come to the living living life. Amen. The word of God. I know for me, I tell you what, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I know where I was. I know where I am today. I know it's not an easy road that we walk, but I can tell you each one of you, it's your testimony. I'm glad that Jesus set me free. Amen. Let's sing this to him. Well, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I see. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus again. Well, I'm so glad that my king set me free. Yes, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that my Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad that my Jesus lifted me. Yes, I'm so glad Jesus lifted me singing glory. Hallelujah. For Jesus set me free. Well, I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven and I'm shouting victory. singing glory hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. Well Satan he had me bound but my Jesus set me free. Oh s had me bound but my Jesus set me free. Saints had me found but Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah for Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Satan had me bound. Well, Satan had me bound, but my Jesus set me free. Can't say he had me bound. But my Jesus set me free. Can't sing. He had me bound. My Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Oh Satan. Yes. Satan had me found. But my Jesus set me free. Oh Satan had me. But my Jesus set me free. Oh s had me found. set me free. Sing glory hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Amen. Well, that's a good report. God bless you. Thank you for your prayers. Uh while we were away in meetings with uh down in Virginia with brother Ron Spencer and uh we had really uh some unusual meetings. I I actually was wondering why it was as unusual as it was and uh I was having such a a liberty and and there was there was a somnity to the meeting but I was having such a liberty and I was wondering why there was such a liberty and uh you know some of the service I thought you know I I don't I don't even know if I'd say that at home and that's a lot of liberty and and then uh then I found out afterwards that uh because I was actually wondering you know I I thought you know the Holy Spirit is definitely leading in such a sensitive way when it was a meeting was over then I found out that they didn't tape the meetings they didn't video the meetings they didn't record them in any way and I said that's just exactly why and they said that's the way we've done it for years we just had it just for our congregation just for our people I thought well God honored that just God bless that. Well, we're really happy to have our brother pastor Ward with us here from Cadillac, Michigan, and brother me who came with him, and we've been having a wonderful time. I wonder if those two brothers will stand up so you'll know who's sitting here in the front. He's a pastor of the Apostolic Church in Cadillac, Michigan. Happy to have you, by the way. And we've got uh also our brother Samuel Dale. Brother Samuel and Sister Dale from the Atlanta. I only identify you with Atlanta, brother Dale. And we're delighted to have them. Brother Dale sponsored the mission convention in Atlanta. And uh he's going to be speaking Sunday night. I'd like to have brother and sister Dale stand so we can welcome them. I'd like to go to Dale. Amen. I see brother Joe Riley here, not a stranger to us. God bless you, brother Riley. Nice to see you. All right. Well, uh, and nice to have Tom and Joanne back. God bless them. You know, it's amazing. I think that people don't perhaps realize they're as missed as much as they are. But I have been missing brother Bill and Sister Marjorie Watkins. And I didn't know I if I didn't know I was in the rapture, I might have thought they got raptured. I hadn't seen them for so long. Couldn't get them off my mind the last few days. And we're happy to have them back after a long time. We appreciate you. God bless you, Brother Bill, Sister Marjorie. Well, uh, we're going to turn to the word in just a moment, but I have a song I'd like to sing if you'd join and sing it with me. It's 2119. Uh, hear the cries. Worthy, worthy. And maybe we can stand as we sing it. Brother Jason, why don't you come and lead us, would you please? Hear the cries of the shackle from the onset of time. For the chains of defeat, there's no king. See the tears of the broken, the cries of the slave. Is there no one worthy to set us free? Then the crying is still and the chlor from their chain. And of fountains of voices are swelling of song. Oh worthy the lamb that was slain. Oh worthy. So worthy. Worthy. The lamb that was slain. Oh Lord, you are worthy. So worthy. Oh worthy. The lamb that was slain. and all the archangels, the saints of all time. Oh, holding their crown in their hands. Oh, fall down before him, joining the song. Oh worthy, worthy the lamb. Oh worthy, so worthy, worthy. I want to say worthy. All worthy. And the people can say hallelujah. Hallelujah. This lamb of God. Oh Lord Jesus. These lips are unworthy. But you are worthy. And oh God, you've made us. You've made us worthy all your own doing. We give you glory this evening. We give you praise for the bloodbought redeemed number that you have purchased with your own blood the very blood of God. Father, how we thank you that we can be gathered in just such a place in such an atmosphere and not only with the visible audience here within the sanctuary, but those that are gathered Lord from other countries by the live internet, Lord, I know some that are tuned in just now. I pray that you'll bless them. Some Lord, that perhaps need to find the reality of this Christ, this glorious message that you've sent us in this time. Let the spirit of revelation be upon them. I pray, oh God, from east to west and north to south. We ask your grace upon the service. Pray that you'll be with me now, Lord, I submit myself as your servant, desiring, oh Lord, just to be a tool. Let the people, oh God, I pray, be under the brooding of the Holy Spirit. And may you hover over us like the lovely dove of God. Bring forth a mind, Lord, that will be under the supreme control and preeminence of the Holy Ghost. And now in Jesus Christ's name, we think of what your prophet spoke so often. Any man with strength can turn the pages of the book, but only God, only you can open its depths and meaning to us. I pray you'll touch us now with the flame of fire, the holy flame in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Please take your Bibles if you would and turn to the book of Joshua. I wish to read a short portion out of the third chapter. And notice also our brother and sister Clar from Edmonton, Ramona's parents. God bless you. Uh we when I look down and see you, I almost feel as though you're not strangers. You belong here. You're that welcome. God bless you. All right. The third chapter, Joshua, beginning at verse one. And Joshua rose early in the morning, and they removed from Chhatim and came to Jordan. He and all the children of Israel and lodged there before they passed over. And it came to pass after three days that the officers went through the host. And they commanded the people saying, "When you see the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, and the priests, the Levites bearing it, then you shall remove from your place and go after it." My, isn't that a glorious scripture? Let me just break that third verse down a wee bit. They commanded the people saying, "Number one, when you see the ark, not everyone sees the word, but when you see the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, number two, and the priests, the Levites bearing it, not the Christian businessman association, not anyone other than is called of God. to handle the word of God. When you see them bearing it, you lots of others will bear it, but don't pay any attention to it. It's only their ideas. It's only their best thought. It's only their concept. But when you see the priests, the Levites bearing it. Then you shall remove time for action from your place and go after it. God bless you. You may be seated. I'd like to just take a little text tonight. The ark is moving. I don't expect all get through tonight, but the ark is moving. When you see it moving, then you move with it. Amen. Now, as soon as we say the word the ark, it conjures up in your mind uh an image. Words present an image in a person's mind. If I say carpenter, plumber, you don't see a airline pilot walking in to your mind. If I should say uh the tabernacle or the church, if I say church, you don't see a skyscraper, right? Or an apartment building. You instantly have uh a certain image in your mind. And the reason why you have that image is that you have been you have been taught from childhood that that is that is one kind of a building. This is another kind of a building. This is a church. Now, different people might have different uh uh different concepts of what that is. One might see a great beautiful stone structure with stained glass. Another one will see a little white church on the hill with a little steeple. And someone might see uh a twocar garage where they worship. I don't know. But they will see something different. But it will be a church. And that's what they will see. When we say the ark of the covenant, uh some people perhaps don't have any idea what it is, but it was just a a box really uh in which was the tablets of stone and the priests carried it on their shoulders when the camp was moving. And this was in the holy of holies, this ark of the covenant. But now the objective was so that God could be with his people. We've got to have what the objective is. Not just what the object the object itself is, but what is the objective that God has for this object that is there and and why is it there and what is the purpose of it? We actually have to go back just for a moment for for a little bit of background and I will probably touch on this background just a little bit later as well. But God loves fellowship. Brother Brown speaking of Jesus in his prayer in John 17, he said he Jesus in his life really only asked for one thing. He asked for the fellowship of his disciples and where I am there they may be also. I want them with me. He wanted fellowship and that has never changed. God can't change. He's desiring fellowship as much tonight as he did back then or as much as he did in Eden. We have to we have to have that decided in our mind. God loves fellowship. That's why he want a family. That's why he wants sons and daughters. He wants fellowship. We often perhaps come into church, perhaps too often come into church and we expect to sing, you know, some songs and hear some prayer and maybe some specials and hear someone speak and so on, greet one another, have fellowship among ourselves. But we need to be mindful when we come in. Our purpose of coming here is to have fellowship with God. Fellowship with a being that we cannot see. But it is not that we cannot sense him. We cannot be unaware of him. We can be aware of him and we should be aware of him. God wants to touch us and have fellowship with us and that is the purpose. And when that fellowship was broken in Eden as a result of the fall, God immediately set in motion a process by which he could maintain contact Amen. with his children. Yes. And so he had secondary ways and means of doing so. And he would appear. He appeared. I want you to really hang on to that word. He appeared to Abram. He appeared to then after he changed the name appeared to Abraham. And I'll use the word Abraham name. He appeared to him. and the appearance that I want I want to suggest to you tonight that God in his appearing he has different molds different uh avenues different things he used he he used dreams but the objective of the dream was to make contact with the individual and his objective is to have fellowship to develop some relationship with that individual and perhaps through him through many many others That was God's objective. He wants fellowship. He used visions. Spoke in a vision. I've mentioned that before. You know, I'm perhaps throwing out some things that you'll have a hard time really. You don't wrestle with it. Just relax with it. But I don't know how God speaks through a vision, but he he gives a a vision. They they perhaps see something. I don't know what it is. they actually saw. But God spoke through vision and but his objective of speaking was to maintain that communication and develop a a relationship of fellowship with that individual. Amen. Yes sir. So now that that really is the objective and then in order to do that we can we can go back and and just make reference to uh Jacob for example. Jacob when he wrestled with the angel and the scripture says he wrestled with the man right? It was a man to him and he wrestled with the man. didn't know exactly who he was. But when he was done, he recognized he called the name of the place panile. He said, "For I've seen God face to face and his life was changed." And he was a shyster before, but after he wrestled with the angel, the angel of the Lord, he was a changed man. And God had a relationship with him that he didn't have before that time. God wants to touch our lives, individual lives. If he redeemed us at all, he redeemed you for a purpose. If he shed his blood at all, he did it for a certain purpose. And he did it so he can have a an intimate fellowship with us as individuals. I can't believe that it's any different tonight. I'm going to go into this in some in some depth. So, if you'll just bear with me. Now we can see it move up from from Abraham to Moses and he makes himself known to Moses in a pillar of fire. So he Moses is attracted to the pillar of fire. But then God speaks to him. I'm the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. He begins a relationship with Moses and folds Moses into his plan into his program until he has a willing servant, a willing prophet and an obedient voice because through him he wants to he wants to have fellowship with a whole nation of people. And he begins to draw out people. people that are going to complain, people that are going to murmur, people that are going to rebel, people that are going to rise up against him. But he draws them out in his compassion anyway. Even today, he brings, look at what happened, what happens at every move of God. So I want you to think of the various moves of God. When the ark is moving, move with it. God has moved down through the centuries. He's moved down through the New Testament era. There are specific times in history that we know of that God moved in a very special way. And my point tonight that I want to dwell on is that when God moved, when he did move, when he moved under Luther, that was a move. He moved under Wesley, that was a move. There was a great move called Pentecost. That was a move of God. There was a move of the restoration of the gifts. That was a move of God. It was a move of God that caught the attention of Professor Harold. I was showing the book to our pastor Ward uh yesterday or today. Uh it it caught his attention when I had opportunity to speak with him when he flew up here and we spent a Saturday together. I asked him about uh you know uh about him writing the book and and uh what he said as a as a professor of history. He said I became aware that that the revival the spiritual sweep revival that took place from 1947 that's what he says in his book from 1947 to 1958. He said, "I know. I recognized it changed the face of America. It was a move of God. But they did not realize what activated and what initiated that move." And many of you here know, but a lot of you don't. And our young people get older year by year. And perhaps you have not heard, but this is a professor of history who's not a believer of this message, but he's interested in in what what affects America as a nation. And he said that as he was uh as he was gathering and massing his material together and going through the lives of or Roberts and Tommy Osbborne, Tommy Hicks and Velmer Gardner and Oel Jaggers and WV Grant and all this host of men and there were all kinds of them. All kinds of them. It was it was just like a spirit fell and it was happening in small places not only amongst great names or men who became wellknown. I went to a meeting I went to a meeting right after we were in brother Brandham's meeting up in up in uh uh Vernon, British Columbia. Just shortly after that, we were down uh down here right on the border in a coast a border town interior of British Columbia. And there were some meetings going on. There was a man from uh he was a minister from California someplace and I still remember his name. His name was Tom Meyers. He was a a big man, black curlyheaded fellow. And I guess his family was there. Uh and he he was praying for the sick, preaching and praying for the sick. I personally saw people came in. They had it outside. There were no place that was big enough, I guess, to hold it. And it wasn't there was thousands of people, but this is a small town. And uh uh I saw with my own eyes and heard with my own ears three deaf and dumb mutes in two days in two nights meeting uh all of them got their hearing and began to speak right in front of us. This man I never heard of him before never saw him since it was a spirit of God. When God decides to move he just moves. And it isn't anybody that did anything good about it. It isn't anybody who got smarter. It's God, sovereign God, that does the moving. And he says, "When I move, you move." When you see the word moving, then move. Hallelujah. And this is one time, I will say this, this is one time in history that the word of God has literally exploded into a depth of meaning and revelation. And when we see that, that is the time that for us to move and acknowledge it. And that's how we that's how we move on with God. Then I I'd like to introduce this right quickly. And that is that when God moves, when he did as he did say with Moses for example, there was a presence that came with his introducing himself. There was a presence when Moses stood before the bush. I wish I could have. I wish I could have been there. I wish I could have been here on earth when Jesus was here. But I'll tell you, I have to say out of all truth, I'm glad I'm here now because this is when God wanted us to be here. You want to be glad you're here now because God wanted your special reflection of Christ to be shown in this day. He didn't want you in another another time or another season. He wanted you now. But here's my point that when God introduced himself at that particular he had never been in a pillar of fire before. So he used different avenues he used different methods in this process of maintaining fellowship and contact with the people. He comes in different ways. He was in a whirlwind. He he veiled himself in a pillar of fire in a cloud. But all of them all of them hear me in indicated that this God's presence was there. That's the thing. You will learn more in just a moment in God's presence. I guess there was the outstanding thing in the meetings in Virginia and that's what I was amazed at really. There was a a somnity and a holiness, a a presence came down and especially I touched on these things of the angel of the Lord and some things that brother Brandham said about the angels and he started the service. I just started the service introducing to the people and the angels of God are here. They're here with a purpose in mind to draw you into God's presence. And that thing, that presence, that spirit fell over that congregation. We didn't have an altar call, but at the end there were there were uh some young people there. There were a lot of visitors there. And I don't know, only a small percentage of them. And I knew that some were completely unbelievers. And I asked if you I if if you would like to if you have never been introduced if you have never come to this Christ that now you here if there is even the remotest tinkle in your heart I would come I'd respond. I just stopped. I think we started to sing. I I think we started to sing a chorus. Almost that entire congregation got up and surged forward and the aisles were packed all the way back. It it it took me by such surprise. I mean, people, saints had been walking in this message for years just surged forward. I would say there wasn't any more than 10% of the congregation left in the seats. And it was such a holiness and such an atmosphere. And then it was quiet. Nobody was saying anything. So I was encouraging them, you know, just say what's in your heart. Just commune and say what's in your heart. Couldn't hardly get a peep out of the people. I mean, this is the South. This is the Bible belt. Couldn't hardly get a peep out of them. I That wasn't really the way it is, Brother Dale. Not I thought this isn't the way it's supposed to be. And we just waited. We just waited and communion. And those people began to have communion with God. And I'll tell you, before a half an hour went by, it was earsplitting. Those people began to touch God. And God begin to touch them. They begin to have communion and joy. Begin to fill their heart. I tell you what, you'll learn more about God in a few moments in his presence. And you will in all of your study and all of your reading, whatever more in his presence, you'll learn more about him. And that's what he wants. That was the purpose of the move of God. We could say the move of God, the move of God in God's mind is that he wanted to draw near to the people so you could feel his presence. And we no one would deny this has been an era of a mighty move of God. And if we if we say that then the next statement has to follow. He moved for the purpose of bringing me into his presence. Let them build a tabernacle and let them have it and let them build it this way and let them put these certain implements in it and let them have a veil and then behind the veil. Let them have an ark of the covenant and put the stones of my of the of the covenant in there and let them build this tabernacle that I may dwell amongst them. That's the purpose. Hallelujah. This building doesn't mean anything to God. But what does mean something to God is those that come in here can meet God. Hallelujah. What purpose would the message be if the message didn't bring people in contact with God and bring you into that fellowship into that presence of God? What good does it say? Oh, God sent us a mighty prophet and God had all the phenomena and all these miraculous things and what a message and we over a thousand messages and tapes and whatever more. What purpose is it? If it doesn't bring people into contact, into the very presence of God. And I'm here tonight to tell you that is why God moves. He chooses a certain way to move, a certain avenue, a certain channel. And he may use the pillar of fire to veil himself. He may use a pillar of cloud in the day and a pillar of fire at night. He may use the prophets as he did. He came and bodied himself in the fullness of the Godhead, bodily in the body of Jesus Christ. But that there was some that were merged with the presence of God through Christ, but multitudes were not multitudes. Most of them weren't even touched by it. Right? So it tells us here tonight, you can sit here and not be touched at all. Or you can sit here and recognize that what I'm saying is the truth of God's word and say, "I am I am a I I am a I am one I'm one that is open. I'm one that is prepared. I'm a candidate is the word I wanted. I'm a candidate for what you're preaching tonight, Brother Ed. I'm a candidate for his presence, oh God. Hallelujah. Oh God, I'm open. Oh God, send your presence down upon me. My heart is open. My mind is clear. There's no guilt. There's no condemnation. Hallelujah. I've been justified. I've been sanctified. I've been sealed by your spirit. I'm a candidate for your presence. Hallelujah. You'd want to live outside of that presence. Life is too cruel. Life is too harsh. Life is too vile. This generation that we're in is too wicked. We cannot afford to live outside of his presence. Do you hear me? You can't afford it. You can't afford to be outside of his presence. You need that presence. This this world is not only cruel, but it's hard and it makes hard people insensitive. But the Holy Spirit bringing us into his presence gives us a softness and a tenderness and a receptiveness. Oh God, let us not just have church. Let us not just be gathered to a meeting, but may it be a time we're in contact with God. Your presence, oh Lord, little simple things really touch me. And I tell you what, a person doesn't have to preach a big long service to me. I hear a tape and I hear Brother Brandham standing there and and and a woman come up and it just melts me. Just hear him say it just the way he says it. Isn't he lovely? And just silent. Silent when she's standing there. Isn't he lovely? Do you know what that tells me? It's not just those words. Isn't he lovely? Tells me that the servant of God is already in a special place of communion with God before he's even going to try to minister to the people. And many times I I walk out here and I know every minister feels the same. Oh God, we want to have that assurance and that confidence. I want to know that same pillar of fire, that same angel of the Lord that was standing there with him needs to stand here with me and stand here with you. Amen. And that's my sermon tonight. That's really what I want to bring out to you. The appearing of God is not something he didn't just appear and was for an instant for a moment, but he appeared and then he continued to make himself known in in commandments, in statutes, in precepts. The word of the Lord is pure. The word of the Lord is holy. the word of the Lord and the intent of it when God gives it is not so it can be some harsh cut and dried law that people have to cower under and bend under but it's grace to the people in a love relationship and we want to live pleasing in his sight so we can have communion with him and maybe it's been a long time maybe it's been like you say I've gone through a long dry spell you don't need to I'm giving you a good news tonight. You don't have to go through a long dry spell. You can enter into a place of fellowship with him. You can have a relationship. I'm here pulling with everything that's in me to announce to you, you can have a divine relationship with him. That's why he came. That's what the message is all about. That was the move of God that he did in this hour for us. Amen. A move of God. And when you see the ark moving, when you see the word moving, it's been a long time, many years. I was glad I never had a question asked me quite the way brother me posed the question, and I'm sure he won't mind. He He said, "Does the word still open up?" Does the word still open up to you the way it did in the past? And I said, "Oh yes, probably more so in the last 2, three years than at any time in my life." And when the word opens up, the purpose of it, the purpose of it opening up is so that God can draw you in to a relationship with him and make himself known. He wants you to sense and feel his presence. Amen. And the angels of God, the angels of God are standing not merely at their attention, but they are here seeking to make you conscious of their presence because they're commissioned to bring you into the presence of God. They are all assistants to that in the meanest man. That message the meanest man I know brother Brandon was talking about uh a a a woman I believe it was. He said, "Oh, oh, he's talking about the woman that came and touched the hem of his garment, hem of the garment of Jesus." He says, "And she slips up real quick and she stands and the Bible said behind him and she got to thinking, oh, oh, I'm in the presence of God." A strange feeling always comes over you when you come in that attitude. It's talking about the right approach. Now, See the right approach is not you know ho hham I'm here for Wednesday meeting that's not the approach the approach is not even when a guest speaker gets up and said well I wonder what he speaks like I wonder what his style is I wonder what his manner that's not the attitude that's not the approach that's not the thing that will bring the presence of God but when you come in say here I am Lord I'm ready I'm I I'm just I'm here in my pl at my post of duty I'm a member. I'm a part of this body of Christ. I'm here to receive what I have need of. And you may not even know what that is because God knows what's tomorrow. He knows the beginning from the end. He knows what has been and he knows what will be. And so he is he is preparing for you exactly what you need. And you may need it within the first five minutes you step out of the building. You may not need it for a year, but when the time comes, that will be refreshed and brought to your memory, and you'll say, "Thank God, I was prepared for this moment." Can you say, "Amen." Hallelujah. And here's the one under influence. Remember now, influence is the pouring in. It is the introduction of a power into a person's life. influence. It could not only be in a life, it couldn't be in anything else. But but influence, as I'm referring to it tonight, is the is the introduction or the pouring in of power to bring about modifications. Permanent changes. That's what God wants to influence us. Hallelujah. And under the message influence, talked about the little five senses that we live in. That's just a world of our own. He said he said we were only given these so we could contact our earthly home but there are senses beyond that another dimension and this is where you know just because it's another dimension we shouldn't shut it off and close down our mental capacity say well I don't understand it does we don't understand a lot of things I don't understand how rockets go at 25,000 m an hour I don't understand it I sit on an airplane and they tell us how fast they're going. I can't even believe it. You ought to see the luggage that comes off one of those big giants. And I sit on those planes and think about all that luggage that's down in that hole down there. I just can't believe all those suitcase are flying with me. I can't hardly grasp my mind. I try I I actually try I try to get a hold of it and I look I don't know if you've ever done it, but that's just how simple I am. I I look down that plane, look at all those people and think, look at all that weight that's up here flying in the air above these clouds at 550 m an hour and all of their suitcases. You ought to see some of their suitcases. I don't understand that. The ways of God. I don't understand the ways of God. You don't understand it. We don't we don't want to shut down our mind simply because we don't understand it. We start to reach reach some area in the word of God. And the prophet says there's another dimension. There's senses that reach another dimension. And I want to say amen. I want to say may yay God. I'm a candidate for that. I'm here. I'm ready. I'm willing. I'm waiting. Move me into that realm. I'm tired of this dimension. I'm tired of the material. I'm tired of this just our emotions and all the things that we experience within the memory. Who wants to relive in their memory? We want to go on beyond our memory and our conscience. Oh, the conscience. All the conscience that it can have and the affections and all of those things. We want to rise to something else. I can tell you those senses will betray you. Amen. Amen. This may be a little humorous, but I mean I have I have looked at objects when I've been out hunting. I actually I actually stopped two moose that were laying down. I stopped them for I don't know how long cuz they're out in the open. They were laying down and they were laying and the grass was in front of them. I could see him as clear as could be. And I stalked him for about an hour or more. And when I finally got up close enough, it was a burnt log. I couldn't believe it. I was stalking this burnt log. It was just the grass that was in front of it. And I saw them move cuz it was an illusion. If you'd have told me, "Ah, forget it, Dad. That's just an old burnt log." I'd say, "Get down quick. you're going to spook them. And if somebody was up high and looking down on that thing, saw me creeping around getting down, you'd have had a good laugh like you're having right now. You can't trust the eyes. And then you get this one. Do you know what I heard? Soon as you hear that opening phrase, you want to plug these right now. You know what I heard? Yeah. They had a little game. Uh, you know, this is Wednesday night and we're home, but they had a little game when we were young people and they and they' all be in a great big circle and you had to whisper something in the first person's ear. You know what it's all about. And the first one would whisper and the next one would whisper what they you had to say exactly what you heard. And by the time it came around, the last person had to say the statement. I tell you what, never have I ever heard it come out the other end what went in. Not one single time because they didn't hear it just exactly right. We We don't want to trust what we hear, what we see. I'm interested in some other senses. I'm interested in a six sense. I'm interested in something that can reach up and get a hold of faith. I'm interested in something get a hold of the unseen and bring it down into this area here. Hallelujah. Are you interested in it, young men? Are you interested in that realm? What about you young ladies? Are we interested in it as a congregation? Interested in bringing down a power into our lives from another realm? Oh God, it'll make you a different kind of person. You'll live different. You'll think different. Your relationship will be different. When that comes down, then you'll look at one another and say, "I see God. God is in his people once again." Amen. Amen. He says in that message, but there's senses beyond that, another dimension. You know why I have such a confidence in in what brother Brandham is saying? Because I know from the hundreds and thousands of times they stood before the people that they could not testify anything but the truth and that was they were brought into the presence of God. And he said and God is always present. We ought to say that. Did you believe what he said? Yes. And God is always present. I will say furthermore, God is always here. God is here. You may not be conscious of it. You may not be aware of it. But almighty God who flung the stars in space is here in this building. Christ is here. The angels of God are here. And we need to come in here. We need to come into this building in that atmosphere that they are here. And the thing that God wants, the objective of the song service, the objective of the singers, the objective of the musicians, the objective of all of you coming together is one objective and that is that God may be amongst us and that we can become conscious of his presence. Hallelujah. And begin to have fellowship with himself. And the blood of Christ cleanses us from all sin. And we have fellowship with one another. And that's sweet. I'll tell you that's a trouble-free life. That's a trouble-free life. Hallelujah. I love this. He said, "If we could only remember that, God is always present." If we could only remember that. If you could only remember that tomorrow. If I could only remember it. I'm preaching to myself. We could only remember that. Listen to this closely now. The angels of the Lord are encamped. Oh, I know. Soon as we say that word encamp say, "Well, I I know that's the scripture. I've heard it many, many times." But in the context of the service tonight, God is always present. The angels of the Lord are encamped about them who fear him. In this building tonight, he said, "Stands Jesus Christ." I don't know who you think Jesus Christ is, but in this building tonight stands Jesus Christ. Regardless of how you feel, regardless of what kind of a day you had in this building, tonight stands Jesus Christ. The same one that walked the way to Calvary. The same one, the same one that walked along the shores of Galilee. You don't have to get into your memory channel now. You have to be in your present channel right now. It's Jesus Christ here now. Present now. And what a what a reason we have. We have more evidence and more reason to believe that than any people on the face of the earth. The mighty angel intercended with the open book in his hand. Not a closed book anymore. Open book in his hand. Hallelujah. And by and by the revelation of his word, that is his appearing. He appears. That's how you get sight. That's why I started out by saying just in simplicity, I I say, you know, I say carpenter, you don't think of an airplane pilot, right? You see, and God, there was things in the scripture, all kinds of things in the scripture. They say a certain thing, people have another view. people. You see, and the Apostle Paul sent them people abroad and they established elders. Somebody get if you said that to a Catholic, he'd probably think of a bishop with a red cap or a cardinal. He'd have an image of something else. People, the fact is today, they talk about an evangelist and it's something different. They get a different image in their mind than the word image. Talk about a pastor, they get a different image in their mind right away. Oh yeah. One of the things when I travel, I very rarely tell people I'm a minister. I'm a preacher. I don't like to tell them that because right away they get all that artificial gooey gooey gooey gooey religious attitude atmosphere. I want them just to be their raw self. You might as well be just exactly what you are and I'll be what I am. And then at the appropriate time, if it's necessary, I'll tell you I'm a preacher. The one guy I was hunting with, I wasn't hunting with him, but somebody else put him with me. Oh, he cussed. His mouth was no good. I just let him go on. So I knew he was walking into a horrible trap. And we were walking. I can still picture it. We're walking along. He says, "What what is it that you do, Ed?" I said, "I'm a preacher." Oh man, he just about dropped. Oh, he said, first thing he said, I've been using some pretty horrible language. I said, you might as well be what you are. And that's what I waited for to say be able to say, you might as well be what you are. I can tell you he didn't forget that in the next two minutes. He probably went home thinking, well, what am I? All of that trash coming out of me, speaking it in front of a minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ, a shame. I hope it shamed him into receiving Christ. In this building tonight is Jesus Christ. In this building tonight is host of angels. I haven't got the receiving set in my eyes that I could see them and behold them. But I'll tell you what, if your eyes were open at this moment, these little feeble eyes and if your ears could hear what is happening in another dimension, and if your eyes could see it, it would change you forever. But God doesn't want you to see with your eyes, he wants you to see it with faith. And when he said it in the word, you believe it. And when you believe it, God will make it a reality to you. And the reality is a revelation. And the revelation is sight. And with that kind of sight, with that kind of sight, you see his appearing. Hallelujah. I will say it this way. Brother Brandham's ministry came for the purpose so that people could see Christ in his appearing and in his coming. That is the purpose of the ministry. Listen now quickly. I'm going to close fairly soon. God said to Moses, and I'm not done this quote, but God said to Moses, let me just get the scripture. He said, uh, "My angel will go before you." The Lord spoke to Moses, "Behold, I send an angel before thee." This is what he's commissioned to do, to keep thee in the way. Amen. This angel isn't going along just to, you know, tickle his fancy. He's got a purpose. He been commissioned. Could Moses see him? No. He couldn't see him any more than you can see him. He couldn't touch him. He had to believe the word that was being spoken to him that the angel is there. And he believed it. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. He believed it. A prophet said, "Elijah said to you, a host of angels are in the building tonight." Say, "Oh, that was back there." Well, let me just inform you that when God told them that the angel of the Lord would go with them and what and and and uh keep them in the way and bring them into the place which I have prepared. The angel will bring you into that place. Now I'll read this quote. Listen, listen. Now close. And brother Brandham says in this building stands Jesus Christ in this building tonight as host of angels thousands of them gathered around. You don't see them but you can feel their the influence of them. And he said that you can feel the influence of them telling you that they are here. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Bam talked about a a sinner man and he said, and you're in a meeting and you got a little funny feeling and you said to yourself, "Oh, it it it'll go away. It'll go away. You know, I'm just I'll just get out and get get beside myself." And that little funny feeling was the actual spirit of God, the Holy Ghost speaking to his heart. trying to bring him from sin into salvation, from hell into heaven. And that little funny feeling, just a little funny feeling. Sometime you've been in the service, you've sat right here in this service and you feel a little funny feeling. You think, well, you know, maybe I I don't know exactly what it is. It's the angels of God trying to tell you, we are here. We are here. And our purpose, our purpose is to bring you to bring such an atmosphere. So you'll come into a place of fellowship with God who we've been raised and created to worship and you're the redeemed. We have a place that they don't have. They're sent as messengers. Be with my people. Be with my children. Attend to them. Speak to them. Let them feel your influence and your presence. But we're so earthbound. We're so material conscious. We're so timeconcious that God can't have a chance to get through to us. I say, "Oh, God, pull back the barriers of this generation." I tell you something, friends, that's what I hunger after. And you can you can just say, "I'm with you, brother Ed. I'm with you. I hunger after it." And if blessed are you that hunger and thirst after righteousness, you shall be filled. This isn't just for a select few. And long after the pillar of fire was gone, long after the pillar of cloud was gone, long after Moses was dead, and those things long after the prophet was gone, stood a stood Joshua and said, "Now, when you see the ark move, I learned this long time ago. When you see the ark move, get out and move with it." Hallelujah. because he knew that was the presence of God. He knew that was God in the camp. When you see the ark move, move with it. When is the ark moving? When the preacher's preaching. Hallelujah. The ark is moving because God is speaking things to you. And you see things by revelation. God uses a tool of revelation to get through to his people and appear to you. Hallelujah. We should be able to go out of church and say, "What kind of meeting did you have?" I saw God. I saw God. How did you see him in the moving of the word? The word moved. He hid himself in a pillar of fire. He hid himself in the province. He hid himself in the pillar of cloud. He hid himself in the whirlwind. He hid himself in the burning bush. And he hides himself now in his word. But he also reveals himself in his word by revelation. And the reasoning won't do it. Intellect won't do it. But a humble heart. Hallelujah. A humble heart of faith will do it. When will God stop appearing? He won't stop appearing till he stops moving. Hallelujah. And this move that angel, he said, "The angel will go before you to bring you into the land." And Joshua, he told him, "When you see the ark, move, move, move with it." Cuz they were they were progressing in that. When the woman came into his presence and touched the hem of his garment, her objective was healing. And that's what she received. In this day, that angel, now you may think me a fanatic, that angel of the Lord that stood by that prophet. Amen. The reason he stood there was because of what was going to be uttered out of his mouth. To watch over what came out of his mouth. And out of his mouth finally came a message. That angel will never leave that message because the purpose of that angel is to take the hearers of it into a rapture. That's the purpose of it. That's his only purpose. Hallelujah. We can say I saw the Lord high and lifted up and his train filled the temple. My brother, my sister, that's the purpose of the angel of the Lord, the presence of the angel of the Lord. Telling you the host of angels are here to persuade you. We are here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. and the angel of the Lord, which is none other than the angel of the covenant, which is none other than the spirit of Jesus Christ, which is none other than the Holy Ghost himself. And his purpose, he's been already ordained. Take them. Take them into this land. Hallelujah. Take them. They are under commission. And you need to understand it tonight that God has commissioned mighty angels to guide the people directly into their promised inheritance. Oh, don't you want to go? Don't you want to go? He said they're trying to tell you that they're here. Amen. Oh God. Oh God. Don't let me have such dull ears. Don't let me be in such a stuper. Don't let me be so numb. Brother Brandon talks about this generation can make us so numb. As I said to the people as I closed in Virginia, I said, you know, we're here and we're here in a meeting tonight. As we were there, we were there in some special meetings, but this is a this is a place. This is a retreat. for this is a reprieve from the world. But 5 minutes out that door, you are in Satan's hell. You're rubbing shoulders with demonpossessed people. And don't forget, they can put on nice clothes and be in a suit or be whatever, but don't forget what it is. That world out there is unclean. And Satan's objective is to contaminate you. Satan's Satan's objective is to separate you from this divine presence. You want to walk out of here and say, "Nothing shall separate me from the presence and the love of God." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you believe it? Is this your determination, your resolve? I pray for you as a congregation. I pray, oh God, I've been praying now for some time. Give us those times. return us. Oh God, I'm not I'm not looking for something in the past. I'm looking for something that is here now. I just want us to break into it. It's for you boys. It's for you young people. It's for everybody here from the youngest to the eldest. It's from you that's burdened with families. It's you have got problems and financial difficulties. It's you that's without work in whatever state you might be in. It's you that may have troubles and burdens. Let me tell you, they'll go on. They'll continue to be here. But what I'm talking about tonight is something divine and something glorious and it is for you. It is your portion. Don't let that enemy rob you of it. Don't let him steal it away from you. I want you to declare right now, it is mine. It belongs to me. I claim it in the name of Jesus Christ. Heavenly Father, heavenly father, oh God, you that have provided us and have given this inheritance, may I pray this people, Lord, may we we don't intend to fall short. We don't intend to let the enemy rob it from us. We don't intend to stand back and hold back and let him go hob hobnail over our over our inheritance. But we stand tonight as a mighty army of the redeemed with the captain of the host of God's army leading us onward. Hallelujah. Lead these people, I pray. Lead them, I pray, into a glorious victory. Lord, bless our fellowship with you, Lord. Bless our fellowship with one another. Sweet fellowship. Oh, fellowship. Wonderful. Lord Jesus, bless the Lord, oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. Oh Lord, we want to be in sweet fellowship with you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I sense him so near friends. Not an emotion but the person of Jesus Christ. Blessed be your name Lord. Oh, bless the holy name of God. We enter into sweet fellowship with you. Why don't we take and stand if you would please? Oh, this sweet fellowship, oh Lord, how wonderful, how glorious you are. Bless the Lord. Let us just sing it. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. If you don't need the words, don't bother looking at it. Just close your eyes, and enter into a sweet communion. Let's not stay in contact with this natural material world, but let our spirits soar now. Let our souls reach out into this promised land for the believer. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy holy name. For he has done great things. He has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy. He has done great things. He has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. He has done great. Bless his holy name. Oh, hallelujah. What a blessed Christ. What a lovely Christ. I'm reaching out to you, Lord. I'm reaching out to you. My your heart is not. It can reach me, too. And as I pray, press my way into your kingdom. I know the life, reaching out as a testimony. I'm reaching out. Reaching out and reaching out to you. My arm is not too short. You can reach me too. And as I pray and press my way into your kingdom. I'll grow to be more like you just reaching out. You know, it wouldn't do a person any good to press. You could press all you wanted unless he made a way. Unless he gave the invitation when he comes near with his presence. That's an invitation. He's inviting you. Brother Brandham says, "Every time he's invited, he comes." Amen. Think about that. Every time he's invited, he comes. Would you dare put that to the test tonight? Hallelujah. I'm coming on the basis of a vindicated word. Every time he's invited, he comes. What do you want? an average Wednesday service or do you want to say this is going to be a special time? I'm going to invite him. I have an authorative voice. Every time he come and he's invited, he comes. Does it take a big prayer? No. Just I invite you. I invite you. There's no barriers. There's nothing restraining. I invite you. Why don't why just invite him before we sing it again? Lord, we invite you. This congregation of people invite you in whatever situation we find ourselves in. We invite you right to where we are. Oh Lord, blessed Jesus, Lamb of God, you're worthy of all of our life. All that I am or ever can be, you're worthy of it. I owe it to you. Take us, Lord. Take us, Lord. Take this congregation. Take the words that have been spoken and especially the motive for speaking it. Lord, oh God, bring, I pray, this precious flock of people into your divine presence. Utter things to their soul. Utter things, oh God, that will loose the feathers of some that are perhaps yet in bondage tonight. You want to be a companion to some. You want to be a comforter to others. You want to be an emancipator and a deliverer. Oh God, why would anyone remain with shackles on them when they want us here to deliver out of prison, out of the bars, out of the hold of the enemy? Oh God, may it be a a complete and instant response tonight. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Touch every soul. I'll ask every believer that believes in what you've heard tonight to unite in one pull for every last purpose of God to be accomplished in this meeting. Every soul is in need of healing, let them be healed. Everyone physically that's in need of healing, the presence of God is here now. That divine one, reach out. Yes, I accept the full payment and the full efficacy of Calvary for my need now. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I'm reaching out to you, dear Lord. Reaching out. Oh, your arm it's not too short and you can reach. Oh, you have reached us, Lord. I press my way into your kingdom. I'll grow to be more like Jesus, reaching out. He's the great emancipator. Once my heart and soul was singing it from your heart by the mighty chain of sing but something happened by the great manip. Set me free to worship him. Worship him. Oh glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. Oh, he the great man's defeated. Oh, give him glory now. The son of the redeemed. and lie. I lost lamb. I was the Lord. How the seeking shepherd found? Oh, thank you, Lord. to my father's home father's home. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Send me his holy name. He the great image the song of the redee like a lost lamb and like a lost lamb I was free. Yes, I was Lord so helpless and alone. But the seeking shepherd found he found me led me to father's father. Oh glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Blessed be holy name. Holy name. I hear the great immigration. And that's the song the redeemed once my soul once my soul. Oh, so better by the binding change of s. Oh, but the seeking shepherd thou found me Lord. Let me worship him. Worship him. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, blessing be holy name. I'll drink it in Lord the great and that's the song of love just once again. Oh, glory, glory, glory, mighty name. Oh, we bless your name, Lord. Oh, we blessed your name, Lord. Let me be worship him now. holy name and the great immens the song of glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be that holy name. Glory. Oh, what a friend. Oh, what a friend. Hallelujah. Let everything that hath breath praise the Lord. Praise the Lord in the midst of your defeat. Praise the Lord in the midst of your need. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. He desires to give it more than we even desire to receive it. What a gracious Christ. Oh, what a friend. to hold my hand and save me. Save in his arms. He always hides me. Oh, what a friend. What a friend he is. Here it is for everybody now. Jes around my way and lead me empty. Oh, what a friend. He is just in this atmosphere. I tell you what I said just before I left here. I get hungry. I get hungry. Brother Brandham say I get hungry just to see that little smile. Brother Cox's face. I get hungry. I get hungry for some things that you know the devil like to just rob us of it. Don't let him rob you. Brother Daniel Harp. I get hungry to hear you sing. I hunger to hear you sing. I don't have to speak for everyone else, but I I speak for myself. I get hungry to hear that voice, hear him sing. I get hungry for that divine presence of God. And that is why I believe we have to preach the word till every demon is bound and cast out everything that is out of our midst so that the Holy Spirit is so free to be around us and be amongst us and move amongst us. Well, may the will of the Lord be done in every life. My prayer. If you haven't got this intimate relationship with this friend, don't let them just be, you know, some Jesus of past. The word is moving. I tell you in the authority of God's word, the ark is moving. And when you see it moving, when you hear it, you see it on the shoulders of the priests and they speak, they're packing the word and God strikes your soul with revelation. You have an appearance of Christ. Then you enter into fellowship and God's objective is met. Hallelujah. You know what we experienced at camp? That's going to continue right on. I have that confidence where those meetings going to continue right on. You believe we can just continue to have it? Hallelujah. Bless the Lord. I'm just not going to let the devil steal anything from me. I'm going to be happy and I'm going to rejoice in my re salvation. Hallelujah. Let me say this before we close. The very thing that troubles you so deeply. If somebody is troubled, the very thing if you just drop dead right now, where would that thing be? Where would it be? It'd be where it should be. Just passed away. That's where it ought to be right now. Just let it pass away. Hallelujah. Just doesn't pay to mull over it and mull over it and chew over it. Just let it die. go on with God. Hallelujah. That's what I believe. That's what I want to practice with everything that's in me. I appreciate you. Appreciate you coming here with the young families with their babies. But I'll never be sorry for recommending you to do it. Urging you to do it. Hallelujah. The girl at the piano came to her first meeting just days old and we drove, but she just went there days old and she's been in it ever since. Break them in young. Hallelujah. Let them know that atmosphere. Hallelujah. All right. I want a friend who walks beside me. He knows the way I in his arms. You always he knows the way I know. He can see around my he is ending. Oh, what a friend he is to ask brother Tom to come and close us in prayer. Would you please Brother Tom? God bless you. Lord, as we've heard your word, we've watered it with praise. We can say that angel is my friend. He's led me. He's guided me. He's kept me in the way. And we say, "Praise be to your holy name, Lord." And Father, I'm asking now as we go our separate ways that we would put our hand in the hand of that man that you see around the wind, the winding way. Lord, you see around the corner what's coming down the way. Lord, we're putting our trust in you and we're asking Lord that your faithfulness will show us through. And father, we do love your presence. And we can truly say, Lord, by that six sense, mine eyes have seen the glory of your presence here this evening. We pray, Lord, that you'll go with each and every one of us as we've heard faithful daddies at their posted duty tonight. Mothers, Lord, here raising their children under the sound of the gospel. Lord, it's pure. It's holy, and we love it. We pray, Lord, that you will go with each and every one of us, our pastor, how we love him. And Lord, we just pray that you will guide his way, make it fruitful, be his guide, be his protection, Lord, as he will have a time and a season away, but not from the presence of God as we heard tonight. Lord, would you keep them and bring them back safely? And may God, they come back with renewed vision, vigor, and strength. We pray be with your people now in Jesus name. Amen. Maybe while you're standing yet not dismissed, my sister wanted prayer. Ann, would you like to come to prayer? Let's let's let's just sing. Would you mind? Don't mind joining with us in prayer. All things are possible. Only believe. All things are holy, holy, holy. All things are possible. Holy. All things are possible. Holy. All things are impossible. story has sinned. shall be healed there. Resist it in the name of Jesus Christ. And as we already pray this season, let it wither already. We know that you've heard them and now we join with them. standing to give you glory. I want to thank you praise for all the great things you've done. We thank you Lord God on our behalf. Oh God, let your soul sore. Blessed be the name. of Jesus Christ. You're the one that you're the one that defeated the enemy. cast them out for you in the name of Jesus Christ living history now that it's okay. So good. Lord, I believe I believe our hearts Lord in your presence the supernatural is happening Lord. Oh Lord I believe. Yes Lord I believe. All things are possible. promise to make it good. Lord, I All things are possible. Lord Lord with meal Father him receive. Lord, I receive all things are Lord. God bless you. Thank you for contributing your part to this atmosphere. Greet one another. Let's go in a godly uh keep this godly atmosphere and and let's just move with the ark, shall we? Would you come Sunday? Will you come in a different attitude? Will you come just with a different expectation? Would you do that? I didn't speak tonight to preach a sermon. I spoke tonight regarding it happening. That's what's happening. It's moving. Hallelujah. Move with it. Come on from here tonight and say, "Oh God, I intend it'll be different with me. I'm moving with it. You're dismissed in the name of Jesus Christ." God bless you. We love you. Thank you so much. God bless you. Heat. Heat.
