################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2005-02-06 - 05-0206M I Have Heard Thy Cry Pt-2 Br Ed Byskal; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC-Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2005-02-06
Title:    05-0206M I Have Heard Thy Cry Pt-2:  Br Ed Byskal; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC-Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwG-72_gVAQ
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
In a secret place, there in the spirit beholding his face, gaining power to I shed with God. We want to welcome everyone one this morning into the house of God into his presence. Let's turn on the screen number 221. Oh rock of ages, hide thou me. We can stand together this morning. I know this is the prayer of every believer and I know it's often our testimony. Sometimes I feel discouraged. Think my life in vain. Have you ever felt that way? Amen. When I think of Jesus and all he's done for me. Amen. We just want to cry. Oh rock of ages, hide thou me. Let's sing it this morning. Sometimes I feel discouraged and think my life in vain. I'm tempted then to my heart. But when I think of Jesus and all he's done for me, then I cry. of the amazing IR. Oh, there is no other but when life are there I wonder far from I walk of I sometimes it seems I dare not go one step further on and from my heart I sl away and gone but I remember Jesus and all his love for me. Then I cry rockes high for rock. There is no no other that I hide but when life I wonder of aes. Oh, what a friend is Jesus, your anger for my soul. So tender, true, and gracious. I say in his control. He's my help in time of danger. My strong defense is he. Oh thou blessing rock of angels highe. &gt;&gt; Oh rock of angels rock of angels. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord high. There is no other life but me. When life are still I wonder far far from thee. And I cry rock of Io rock of I Lord. No other reu have I but when life are clear I wonder far from thee and I cry thees as I found. &gt;&gt; Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Oh, bring me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be Lord by you. Oh, come to me, Lord. With the fire of your spirit, consume me, Lord, and make me more like you. Break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be you by you. &gt;&gt; This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment that I wait, Lord, have your way in me. Is that your desire this morning? Sing it. Oh, this is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart, I worship you. All I have within me, Lord, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. Give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, Lord, every moment I wait, Lord, have your way. &gt;&gt; Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you, Lord. Every breath I take, every moment that I have your way. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. You are the one I praise. &gt;&gt; Oh, with all my heart I praise you. You are the one I pray. &gt;&gt; Oh, just heal me, Lord. And I will be &gt;&gt; I will be healed. Save me and I will be saved. Heal me, oh God. I will receive. You are the one I praise. I praise you. You are the one I praise. Say it again. Worship the scriptures. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will. save me and I believe and I will be you are the one I praise. I praise your name for you are the one I pray. Sing it again. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Forsake me and I will be will. &gt;&gt; You are the one I praise. You are the one, &gt;&gt; Lord. We praise your name. Father, &gt;&gt; Lord, we lift up your name, oh God, we praise you, oh God, the sanctuary of the saints, oh God. We lift up your name, Lord. We give you glory Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to your name Lord Jesus. Glory to your name Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name Lord Jesus. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm going to ask our brother Phili, brother Phil, if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. It's uh just a couple of requests that we have this morning. Want to be remembered. Uh brother Hughes message has a request for a c-orker. His name is John Gable. He's suffering from colon cancer. He's requesting prayer from the saints. And brother Hugh told him to expect a miracle. Amen. Um, as well, uh, brother Matt to Curt's nephew, he's in need of prayer from some decisions he needs to make and, uh, just want to join our hearts with him. Amen. If you've got a need this morning, you want to be remembered. If you're listening in on the phone or on the internet and you've got a need, you just lift before the Lord as we go to prayer. Amen. Phil Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we love you and praise you, Lord. We want to worship you, Lord. We want to honor you with our lives. Lord, it is our heart's desire, Lord, that we could express you, Lord, to the peoples around us, to our loved ones, and to each other. Lord, we are grateful. We are mindful of what you have done for us, Lord. Heavenly Father, we bring before you these prayer requests that have been pinned, Lord. They have been pinned in faith, Lord. They've been pinned, Lord. Looking forward to what you would do, Lord. And the answering of these prayers for Brother Hugh and this coworker, Heavenly Father, by faith, we bring these before you, Lord. for brother Matt, Lord, for his nephew, Heavenly Father, and for all those, Lord, that we have held in our hearts, these prayer requests, Lord, that go out for our loved ones, Lord, our unsaved loved ones. Heavenly Father, we by faith bring them before you. And it's only because of the word that you have brought to us in this day that we could believe the way we do. Heavenly Father, Lord, we also want to be mindful of our pastor that is still waiting before you. Last minute thoughts that you may bring to him. Heavenly Father, we're here Lord to hear from you. This is not a form. This is not a tradition. Lord, we're here to wait before you to hear your word what you have would have to say to us. Lord, &gt;&gt; we thank you that you have brought us this message to prepare us, Lord, &gt;&gt; for this wonderful anticipated catching away, Lord. &gt;&gt; And we thank you that you have brought this word to us that we could live for you according to your will. Heavenly Father, we want to just commit these to you now and commit the rest of the service, the worship service, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. And you may be seated. I want to welcome everyone who's uh here, those uh in particular visiting with us this morning. Um, look down, see brother Kevin, sister Terry Littleton. God bless you. It's good to see you. Amen. And uh, brother and sister from down in Portland. And, uh, there's a note here from our brother Jake Dick at brother Gerald Hughes from Columbia, South Carolina would like to send his greetings. And also, we want to uh, welcome Christa Jeff who's visiting from Covington, Georgia. And that's uh, Sister Amanda Ardel's sister who's here with us. I don't know her. And maybe we could get her to stand up. If you could stand up. Amen. We're happy to have you here. God bless you. And anyone else who's visiting with us. We're just real happy to have you here. And uh we're looking for a wonderful time in the Lord's presence this morning. Brother Matt Odeal and a group have a song uh to bless us with this morning. So maybe um maybe they can come this morning. And as they're coming, we can sing above all others, above all powers, above all kings. Amen. We serve the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. Above all powers, above all things, above all nature and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man, you were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonder the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what your word. Crucified, lay behind a stone. You live and die. rejected and alone like a rose. Trampled on the ground. You took the fall and you thought of me above all. Joseph. Joseph lived a life of hurt and hatred. And even his own family brought him pain. And when his brothers thought that he would surely seek revenge, he said, "I have seen God's purpose now made plain." It was the tender hand of Jehovah. I look back and see he was always leading me. And what was meant for evil, God has used to show me his great love. I now understand the tender hand of Jehovah. Many Jews were killed and saw a sunder. And it seemed that God had lift his very own. Oh, but through it all, God had a plan. And little Jid they know oh that he would lead all of his children all back home. So how can I deny his hand of mercy? Oh, when trles came and they left no reason why. And I just stand and say that everything has worked out for my good. Oh, he has all he has all the answers for my life. It was the tent of Jehovah. I look back and see he was always leading me. And what was glory? Oh, God has used to show me his great love. I now understand the tender hand of Jehovah. &gt;&gt; And what was made for evil, God has used to show me his great love. &gt;&gt; I now understand. I now understand. &gt;&gt; I now understand. &gt;&gt; I now understand. &gt;&gt; I now understand the tender hand of Jehovah. Jehovah. tender Jehovah. &gt;&gt; Let's sing together. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. Let's stand as we're going to be turning to the word now. Children are coming in. How many are anxious to hear what God has to say to us this morning? Amen. Just be praying for a pastor as he's coming now. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your house. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. This is your house. Lord, come and dwell. This is your house. Father, come and pray. This is your house. Oh, it's a holy house. Oh, it's where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Second verse. &gt;&gt; Let's sing the second verse together. Oh holy spirit overflow his place. Lord decorate our walls with grace and mercy. Let healing and redemption find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. This is your house. and this is your house, Lord. &gt;&gt; This is your house, Lord. It's your holy house of praise. Oh, where the lost and the lonely drink and &gt;&gt; oh this is your this is your house Lord. Oh come well Lord see once again. This is your house. Oh father, come and pray. This is your house, Lord. Oh, it's a holy house of the lost and the lonely prayer. This is your house. This is your house. come anywhere. &gt;&gt; I know that's our desire, everyone's desire that he'll come and dwell. I pray and I want you to join with me in prayer that God will take absolute control of every mind and every thought and every person in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. That he will have his way and he'll be glorified. Let's just ask the Lord's grace and blessing upon the word as we're about to read it. I know everyone's been welcomed here already and I just need so much the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Father, I so appreciate the congregation that have gathered here today. I see those that have journeyied a long distances to be with us and those that are even much further in other places around the world. Oh God, I pray that you'll bless every home, every room, every building where they are. Your children, members of your body are hearttoheart with us just now saying amen. We can't hear it, but we sense it and we feel it. And here, oh God, in this gathering of people, the building is fallen to capacity. We didn't come here, Lord, to be entertained or just to see one another. Although that is wonderful when we can shake one another's hand, but we're here that we might be your house. &gt;&gt; We're here that we might be vessels of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; We're here, Father, that we might have every joint supply and that we might be compacted by that which every joint does supply. I pray that you'll remove every hindrance. Oh God, remove every restriction, Father. And in the name of Jesus Christ, take absolute control of every person, every mind, every thought, Lord. And I pray, Father, you'll take now uh my being as I stand here at the post of duty. I pray that the words will be chosen by the Holy Spirit and punctuated, sent to the very heart of each individual. May it be suited to their need. Lord, do amongst us, oh God, the great things that we need to have done. There are those that perhaps sick and afflicted in their body. May the very presence of the Lord Jesus Christ deliver them by the virtue of the resurrected Christ. You're not a God of history. You're a God that is here now, have been raised out of history by a message of this hour, Lord. And we believe with all of our hearts and souls, asking now, oh God, that you'll be pleased and that your name will be glorified and you'll be lifted up in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, greetings on this lovely day. Haven't got sunshine outside, but we have sunshine inside. Nice to see you, brother Mickey. Sister Lily, nice to see brother Kevin, Sister Terry, God bless you, my come and have these surprises. I got a wonderful email. I was going to even read it, but I won't take time. from Brazil, a family down there, and it's one of the main translating families. And they said that we stream, we live streamed the meeting, and uh they're just so blessed. I had didn't know that uh they were doing that, but uh we we just get word from different parts of the world where they're live streaming. They get up at all hours and and stay awake at all hours just to join with you. And I think that we could say God bless you, couldn't we? Of all those. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm going to read from three places in the scripture. Uh I will read from Romans first in the 11th chapter and uh then Matthew 23 23rd chapter and from Hosea the 6th chapter. It's a different service this morning and I would appreciate your prayers and uh your trust. Uh anything that is said I wish to say under the uncction of the Holy Spirit and it's going to be different for me also. I'm I just was playing some of brother Brandham's message uniting sign and time on the way to church and he spent almost the whole time telling how nervous he was and it takes me about 10 15 minutes to drive here. So he spent about 10 minutes telling how nervous he was and I thought well that's very suited for me right now when I when I come to church. Uh we I have a video that brother Michelle has worked very hard to put together. And incidentally, I do want to say uh brother Tony will be speaking tonight and he he spoke with people and met individuals that I did not meet and he has slides and picture shots that he took and he whatever the Lord's laid on his heart and the scripture we haven't spoken together a great deal but um this trip which we just had to Poland uh it's uh I want to take an aspect ect of it from the scriptures today. And I wanted to say how much I appreciated brother Tony and brother Michelle. These brothers worked very very hard, very hard, long hours and cold and without food much of the time and it is poured it all on. So what you are able to sit and see today and participate in I I know that you appreciate it and I think it would be nice if you you know let brother Michelle know let brother Tony know that you appreciate their efforts. We we I certainly appreciated them on this trip. I know brother Michelle been working probably way into the night tonight to have last night to have things ready for you. So, uh, we appreciate brothers like that, don't we? And then I have to, you know, after I show the video because it's about, we tried to make it about 15 minutes, but it's about 30. And uh, and and it's hard to pick up a service after a video. So, after the video's shown, if I come thundering out here, you'll know I don't want you just to die there. you just stay with it. &gt;&gt; And yet uh I'll just like to say a word too about the video because this was the uh 60th anniversary of the liberation of Awitz, but there were also other uh events that were taking place which uh are commemorating aspects of of of war. in that there was uh uh soldiers of of of the Polish army and so on so forth. And so we were in Poland and we were part of a delegation of of the Israeli uh delegation. And so then they went to the Israeli uh cemetery as well. And then they went also to the cemetery of uh uh of the unknown soldier. and they he's an unknown soldier, but they wanted to have a commemoration there. And there's actually a a 21 gun salute. So, don't be uh you know, disturbed with it. It's just uh but we we wanted you to experience what we experienced. And we were not in our agenda. We were in their agenda. So, we were just going from place to place knowing that God was having us to meet with who we should meet. So now we will read the scripture out of Romans the 11th chapter. Uh I'm going to read from the uh 15th verse. Uh just some choice verses. For if the casting away of them, speaking of the Jews, for if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be but life from the dead? And if the first fruits be holy, the lump is also holy. And if the root be holy, so are the branches. And if some of the branches be broken off, notice that please. And thou being a wild olive tree, where it grafted in among them, and with them partakest of the root, and fatness of the olive tree, boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou beest not the root, but the root thee. Thou would say, then the branches were broken off, that I might be grafted in. Well, because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not high- minded, but fear. For if God spared not the natural branches, take heed, lest ye also spare not thee. Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God on them which fell severity, but toward thee goodness if thou continue in this in his goodness, otherwise thou shalt be cut off. And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be grafted in, for God is able to graft them in again. I want you to recall, behold therefore the goodness and the severity of God. And then in in uh Matthew the 23rd chapter verse 27. Oh Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that klest the prophets and stoneest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gatherth her chickens under her wings, and you would not. Behold, your house is left unto you desolate. For I say unto you, ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. And then in Hosea, please the sixth chapter just a couple of verses. Come and let us return unto the Lord, for he hath torn, and he will heal us. He hath smitten and he will bind us up. After two days will he revive us. In the third day he will raise us up and we shall live in his sight. Amen. God bless you. Thank you for remaining standing, being patient. I appreciate your full attention and as little movement as possible. I'd like to draw your attention to broken branches. He hath torn. He hath smitten. And Jesus said, "Your house is left to you desolate." I'm going to continue with the subject before I we were went to Poland. I have heard their cry. When God spoke to Moses and said, I have heard their cry. But my subject today is behold your house is left to you desolate. When I was uh walking on the grounds of Awitz and Burkanau, I thought of this scripture continually. How desolate their house became, how desolate the house of the Jewish people became. And uh when he said that that uh he had torn Now I want to I want to be very careful. I want to emphasize, you know, there are there are things about God and I'm going to make some statements today that perhaps uh may be difficult may be difficult for me to say, may be difficult for some to receive. But you know, uh I I've just determined more and more and more in my own mind that God is beyond our understanding. There's just so little that we can really grasp of this great one that we call our God, our father. And his working and his doing is so far beyond our grasp. And as I move through this subject, that just becomes more and more evident. I don't understand exactly when God smites, when God hath torn, when God spoke through the very lips of Jesus Christ and said, "Your house is left here desolate." I'm going to be moving through that with a lot of detail. And we are here. We're a multi-ultural congregation. We've got people from every country and from Europe and from uh England and the Netherlands and from Germany and from Poland and about 37 nations that are here. When we speak about Awitz and we speak about the second war and the armies that fought, I want this congregation to understand clearly and especially those whose homeland has been your birthplace has been in Germany. I want you to understand we are of one nation. &gt;&gt; We are of a heavenly nation, a holy nation. and you are not identified with the things that armies and war has committed and uh just today now you'll understand as I move through the service listen very closely just this last week this nation called Canada Christian nation that is a disgraceful word the fact that we can gather here in freedom and worship. That is just one thing. But when a nation will take their Supreme Court and call it a Christian nation and have this Bible in their courouses and then come and pass pass laws for a same-sex marriage. It is I I don't want to get ahead of myself, but God himself had a crematorium &gt;&gt; for that same sin. &gt;&gt; And our so-called Christian government wants to impose that upon our society. And what I say today could put us into a lot of trouble. Put me into a lot of trouble. And I wouldn't be a bit surprised, friends. I wouldn't be a bit surprised that someday some of us pay with our lives &gt;&gt; for this gospel. &gt;&gt; It's still a gospel dripping with blood. And if some of of elements of society knew in truth &gt;&gt; what you believe in your heart, you wouldn't merely lose your job. You wouldn't merely lose your business. You wouldn't merely be ostracized. You would be persecuted &gt;&gt; very much so. And we'll find out. And I want you to answer be able to answer yourself whether you really believe this message or whether you hitchhike along or whether in fact you actually believe it. You know, we believe it until it doesn't cost us something. But when it starts to really cost us something, &gt;&gt; then you find out whether we're just, you know, riding along or or are we really prepared to pay the whole price. &gt;&gt; Amen. It says he hath torn. He He rent them. It was God that did it. Whether God uses Mussolini or Hitler or uses Stalin or who he uses or uses a Pharaoh or uses Nebuchadnezzar, that's none of our business. God raises up and uses whomsoever he uses &gt;&gt; to accomplish the fulfillment of his word. And you will never understand, I will never understand how the great mind of God operates to accomplish his certain uh certain things that he intends to fulfill. He hath torn He has smitten to strike, to be beaten, to attack, and to destroy, to conquer, to ravage, to be slain. He hath smitten. &gt;&gt; Just how torn and just how smitten and just how blinded. Paul said they've been blinded. Just how blinded, dreadfully blinded. Just how torn? We will find out. Just how smitten and how desolate. I think that the warnings of Jesus when he said, "Your house is left here desolate." I think that that warning really didn't ring very with very much power with the people. Do you know why everything just kept on going? The next day they did what they did today and this week, next week they did what they did this week and the next month it was the same. And brother Brandham says it just went on. &gt;&gt; He refers to this scripture and making that scripture refer right to this time because even in the rejection of the message of the hour, people just think, well, it just goes on. There's there's really no uh there's no consequence. There's no consequence of rejecting or saying, "Well, I don't believe it. It it just the world just goes on." And the world continued right on as though nothing had happened. And this is in souls that are in prison. Jesus said, "If you'd only known your day, Jerusalem, if you could only recognize." But he said, "Now you're left to your own. If you'd only, oh Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how oft you as a hen her brood from the judgment that is to come. But you didn't know your day. You that stoned the prophets and killed the righteous. If you'd only known your day, if you'd only known and had been uh upon your scriptures to know that my coming was a sign of your end. And now you're blind. Now you've been rebuked. Your time is over. The prophets, that's not He wasn't only making reference back then, but he was speaking it going projecting it from then to the present moment. &gt;&gt; You've rejected it. Your time is over. And and it was. He said, "If they'd only known their time." Look, he says, "When Jesus made that declaration, the world went right on. The world went right on. normally. Why? For they knew not their day or their hour. The world went right on. It didn't mean that there wasn't that the that the statement wasn't potent. It didn't mean that it wasn't powerful. It didn't mean that it wasn't true. And it didn't mean that it wasn't going to be fulfilled. It was fulfilled. &gt;&gt; And that's what I'm referring to. You talk about the beginning of their suffering AD.70. We refer back to when Titus the great Roman general besieged the city of Jerusalem and brother Brandham said they ate their children. Now we sit here in a comfortable church but if you had to sit in Jerusalem in a besieged city and see th those events you you you would rather turn pale. I would think &gt;&gt; that is something that most of us scarcely could look upon &gt;&gt; but that was the beginning of their desolation. &gt;&gt; That was the ful starting the fulfillment of the words of Jesus Christ. I want to say Jesus said some things and the fulfillment of those things are not really pleasant. you know, we like to have everything, you know, just pleasant so it's all, you know, palatable and so on. Much of the gospel, it's not that easy to, you can read it, but if you just if you just delegate it to some place in the past, but it's not back there, friends. It's right up here. &gt;&gt; And and he said, "And what shall I do with Jesus?" He said, "They ate one another's children. They ate the bark off the trees and the grass off the ground, which isn't new. They ate all the grass. The Polish people and and some of the people we talked to told us that the the people that were prisoners in the camps ate the grass. There was no grass around. They ate the grass and the roots trying to survive. And he said they ate the grass and then Titus rode right in and just tore down the walls and burnt the city and the blood ran out and down the streets like that where where he'd murdered them in there. I was reading where Josephus when the city was besieged and he had a good standing with Titus with this general and Josephus a great Jewish uh historian and he had such a had such a good rapport with Titus. He asked Titus if he could get his family out. And Titus said, "Yes, you may have your family out." And so he gathered his family and got them out. And then he asked if he could have his friends out. And uh Titus said he could have his friends. He could gather his friends together. He gathered about 150 people. And I believe on another occasion he gathered, they had a number of 190. And I don't know if it's 190 plus the 150 or whether that was just an expanded number because there's volumes to really read about the besieged city of Jerusalem. And he was even restricted and hindered by uh others of the of the Roman uh military and he went back to Titus and said they're stopping me from getting these people out. and Titus gave him a gave him uh a a document or whatever was necessary and gave him authority to take those people out and he saved those people out. But that's the only people we know. But a prophet said that the believers who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ, not one of them was caught in there. &gt;&gt; Now that was the beginning of their destruction and desolation. And he said, "Before a just God could let a people that he had chosen to come under such a thing as that, there has to be a just reason. He's just. His laws demand his justice. And a law without penalty is not a law." So God's just, and I'm glad that he's just. &gt;&gt; I'm glad that he's just. &gt;&gt; Aren't you? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes. &gt;&gt; And God spoke through Moses and he prophesied how and why God would scatter Israel amongst the nations. Now, he said in in Deuteronomy, I'm just going to read it for you, please. He said, "I must die and I must I must not go over Jordan, but you shall go over and possess this good land. Take heed unto yourselves, lest you forget the covenant of the Lord your God, which he made with you, and make you no make a graven uh which he made with you, and make you a graven image, or the likeness of anything which the Lord thy God hath forbidden thee. For the Lord thy God is a consuming fire, even a jealous God, when thou shalt begget children and children's children, and you shall have remained long in the land, and shall corrupt yourselves, and make a graven image or likeness of anything, and shall do the evil in the sight of the Lord thy God, and provoke him to anger. I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day that you shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereto you go over Jordan to possess it. You shall not prolong your days upon it, but shall utterly be destroyed. And he says, "And the Lord, and the Lord shall scatter you among the nations, and you shall be left few in number among the heathen, whether the Lord shall lead you, and there you shall serve gods, the work of men's hands. There you'll prosper. There you'll be in business. There you'll become engaged. There you'll serve the gods of the heathen lands." He said, "You'll do that. and you'll serve the work of men's hands, wood and stone, which neither see nor hear nor eat nor smell. But if from thence thou shalt seek the Lord thy God, thou shalt find him. If thou seek him with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and when thou art in tribulation, all these things, and all these things are come upon thee, even in the latter days, if thou turn to the Lord thy God, and shall be obedient unto his voice. For the Lord thy God is merciful. He's a merciful God. and he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, nor forget the covenant of thy fathers, which he swore unto them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But he said, I will scatter you, and I'll scatter you among all the nations. When you forget God, and you forget his covenants, I'm going to scatter you, and you'll become few in number, and you'll serve the gods of the heathens." And that they did. The scattering amongst the nations was part of the desolation. You become desolate. It wasn't just wasn't just a besieging of the city of Jerusalem, but you become desolate. And desolate part of that is a very deep meaning. You'll be shocked before I'm done. Part of is it that you'll lose your land. And they did. Desolate is you lose your abode, your permanent place of residence, your home, your household. And no place is that more profoundly true than when you sit and stand in the ashes of Awitz where they lost their households, &gt;&gt; had lost their country, had lost their families, had lost these things. But that was just a consummation of it. when they had lost their land, they lost their flag, they lost their national identity. And in the scattering which was part of the desolation, you know, going to surprise you now, Satan, Satan was successful in making the desolation not only livable but actually pleasurable. &gt;&gt; And there was a deception in the desolation. The desolation was of God and the deception was of Satan. And they began to feel this isn't so bad. &gt;&gt; We're accepted. We're we're living a fairly good life. &gt;&gt; We're, you know, we're part of society and we're establishing our families and we're all over the world now. We've been scattered all over the world, but hey, it's not too bad. Satan's Eden &gt;&gt; made it comfortable. &gt;&gt; And I thought of the same thing spiritually. I've seen people who've lost their inheritance in God. &gt;&gt; They lose their inheritance. They lose their land. They lose their home. They lose their family. They lose everything. But Satan makes it so comfortable and they're so uh uh you know the the the pleasures of the present life that we have, the entertainment and the things that fill up, you know, the vacancy, they they slip away. people even, you know, turn their back on the message, walk away from Christ, walk away from fellowship with God. And and and Satan will provide you with something. &gt;&gt; He'll provide you with something. Take up. Let me give you a word of warning. &gt;&gt; There's a desolation. There's a consummation to the desolation. And it's going to be worse than Awitz. &gt;&gt; There's another Awitz coming much worse. And it's called a tribulation. &gt;&gt; And it's not a sign to the believer. But I can tell you that a believer can't sit back on their laurels and just say, "Well, you know, I'm just riding along and I'm just going I I'm a just attending church and I'm just, you know, a member of a congregation." It's absolutely imperative that we have an individual walk and maintain a walk with Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; The scattering amongst the nation. And when Jesus said, "Your house is left to you desolate, your place of abode, and the fact that they were moved out of their land." And imagine this thing had been promised by God to them. And now uh they found themselves scattered throughout the entire earth. But it's it's it's a powerful thing. And you you've experienced you perhaps have those that you know and you know they're not walking in the light of this word anymore. They're carrying on in their world and they they have embraced worldly things and it's not bad. They're living the good life. So were the Jews. &gt;&gt; They were living the good life. The natural seed was living the good life. Jesus gave plenty of warning. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Don't fear him that can destroy the body." That's what happened in Awitz. But fear him who can destroy both body and soul. &gt;&gt; Jesus wouldn't have had to say that if there was no reason for saying it. There was a reason for saying it. &gt;&gt; And I am I am really troubled. I'm troubled that people can uh claim I've seen people live a life that's actually disgraceful to the message and say, "Well, you believe in prophet." Oh, absolutely. I believe brother Brad's a prophet of God and live that kind of a life. Excuse me. &gt;&gt; Uh something isn't something's not matching here. Something's not coming together. I believe that a real believer is a believer. &gt;&gt; A real believer is a believer. and you know well yourself our inheritance in Christ which is our life in the Holy Spirit. Don't let Satan tell you a lie that everything's just a-ok okay and you you you're not living in your inheritance. You don't have your inheritance. You haven't possessed your inheritance. That isn't what God had planned for you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now what I'd like to do at this point because I wanted just to introduce uh your house is left you dazzle and then I would like to show this video now and uh and then I I want you to keep that theme as we go through it. So part of it is, you know, informative, part of it is what we saw, but uh there is a number of things I'd like you to observe that are symbol symbolic. It's it was it was a whole event of a great deal of symbolism. One of them you'll see lights coming like search lights coming from different directions and they all end at one brilliant light in the sky. It's symbolizing that even everything that took place there and the atrocities against the Jewish people could not could not put out the light. &gt;&gt; And then there are towers. You'll see towers and there are blocks of burning embers in these towers. The towers stretched across a large area of land. And uh and these blocks are in these towers every few feet and they burnt for hours and hours and hours and they of course symbolized the crematoriums which were there and what took place in that area. So now if we could just have the the video and just remain real prayerful if you would please. This is not uh a piece of entertainment. This is part of my part of my message. We'll need the lights down, please. Too bad. I'd like to seen it on the big screen. mightful. Yeah, you Saw stand. It must be a very special occasion to have a mother that was a survivor of the Holocaust. &gt;&gt; My dad's also a survivor. &gt;&gt; Your dad also &gt;&gt; My parents are both survivors. Um, &gt;&gt; what would you say in a in a a very brief statement how that's affected you and what a privilege it's been? I know that's somewhat of a stigma too, but what would you say? &gt;&gt; Um, if anything, it's definitely not a stigma. It's a positive thing. I mean, I think a lot of second generation survivors, be it their parents or survivors have had problems throughout their life in Indiana. Um, I think if anything with my parents attitude, particularly my mother's, anything that I took from the Holocaust was all positive. And so, it's never been a hardship, it's never been a burden, it's always been a thriv can It's always I'm very proud of my parents. &gt;&gt; Your mother seems to be a very unique and special person with a real drive. She knows what she wants to do and I see you're a part of that also in helping to pass on this torch. &gt;&gt; My mom's very &gt;&gt; she knows what she likes and she also has a very strong spirit and probably The fact that they did it to the Jews, but not only the Jews, 10 million people were killed. 6 million Jews, 4 million Paul's Russians were Russian prisoners. So they did not go to they went to concentration camp. I was an interpreter. I spoke to German and I spoke Russian. That's how I survived. They keep moving. &gt;&gt; Yes. They had many marches of &gt;&gt; Yeah. one 900 900 people. &gt;&gt; If you couldn't walk under they shoot you and they wouldn't have time to bury it. But then the guards were disappear. &gt;&gt; So we arrived with our ship. He signed his I was no longer Holy Splat. My dear Brianna. He was practicing how to survive. because we're here on this special day part of a delegation of special invited guests to uh go and participate in several special functions that have been set up for this 60th anniversary commemoration. And so we're meeting And then we'll be going on to other locations, Jewish cemeteries, Jewish factories, factories, other places, special events that need to be commemorated. Hey, hey, hey. members of the British who died in the British war on the 20th of August 1944. We meet here to remember all those who died in the camp of and all those who survived name in body and mind in 1943. By the end of that year, 1200 British troops in overcrowded and primitive barracks. rations. However, So he Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Amen. Glory. This area that we see here going back to this building is an area where they offloaded uh much of the Jewish population from all of Europe. brought them into this area, had built this railway here and brought them in uh box cars uh exactly as we have here. Now, these are the railway cars that they loaded the Jews from all over Europe. Uh this car here will hold about a hundred people. And uh I understand that they journeyed sometimes from seven even as much as 10 days. They came from as far north as Norway and all over Europe. They were gathered and then brought here to this assembly area. At this point the men were separated and they were taken off to my right to Awitz itself. Some of the weak and aged were actually taken in carts down this road and about 600 m off to my left is Burkano. The women were taken over there. Some that were able-bodied were able to walk and some that were selected for death were actually taken down this road another short distance. And so this was the area where they were selected some for work, the men this direction, the women off to Burkanau which we were we will be seeing uh shortly. One can only imagine the thoughts that must have gone through the minds of the people that were loaded into these cars. Railroad cars. Here we have a locking device that was brought down were in winter conditions. Often they were in winter conditions. Husbands had already been separated from wives, parents from children, and they were left into these horrible conditions, crammed into these cars and traveling for days without water and without food, just to be alone with their own thoughts, wondering what their future held for them. then brought into this area. There were ramps that were constructed so they could offload off of these cars. And here they were segregated and then sent to their various areas. This picture here depicts the Jews are being queued up for the G to go directly to the gas chambers on arrival in Awitz. Most Jews were sent by the SS for immediate death in the gas chambers. However, they were often forced to wait their turn in this clump of trees if the gas chambers were full at the time. We can see here many hundreds of people and they're all in this wooded area that is all just directly behind this monument. You can see children, small children, mothers and men, men and women lined up. And this photo was taken by the SS in 1944. These are the disinfecting ovens. I guess you would call them where the clothing of all the people all the Jewish people were stripped from them and put in these disinfecting bottles and every piece of clothing was sent back and then recycle for the war effort. Is this a school class? Looks like a class. This picture here is obviously family or relatives, but you'll see that the star indicates that they were in jail. We have another picture looks like a father and mother and daughter. And you see once again the star which indicates that this family was in a kiddo. Also that this was this monument was established here in 1967 &gt;&gt; 1967 and it was to symbolize the various uh tombs or cemeteries and the monuments in the cemeteries. So there are 21 plaques with 21 languages of all the people and uh the various monument which was designed and established in commemoration of this site London. But in autumn 1942 famous messenger Polish home army and armed forces mess were artific women and children and then men. When such was by possible to crouch four, five, even sometimes 600 prisoners instead of 48 horses. But what I said this building, this construction, these barracks were sent here from German already prefabricate. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see. &gt;&gt; with with &gt;&gt; So the timbers and everything were &gt;&gt; just all cut and assembled in here. And people from 1943 they slept on three levels. I will show you later &gt;&gt; in a room decides how many people would sleep in here. &gt;&gt; So this photo was taken several days before they were sent to the gas. Look on their faces. Look at this face. Look at his face. Look at his face. Can you find that they knew what was they do? What is the destination? Of course no. Because Saturday. &gt;&gt; So here are the suitcases and all of these people expected to take their belongings and go to a new location. born 1942. This boy was born March 1942. Hey, brother. Convention Europe. his home. He was 11 when the Nazis and they took him here to they were moving him to various other camps. He was only for he was for two years but generally he was in all of the camps. He was from 1941 till the end. So two years here and then he was just moved to other camps. &gt;&gt; Thank you. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. other day. contain the name of my Excellencia Marshall, president. US, President How much? Jesus. your house is left here desolate. That's when they begin to realize this is very unique, friends. very unique and the greatest paradox that I have ever encountered in all my life. This was the final contraction for the birth of a nation. Prophet said that that second world war said when a birth is going to take place said the pain start getting closer and harder harder and harder. He said this one almost broke forth to a a new world and he said it won't it won't be able to handle another one. This was the final contraction that took place because now whatever people remained and we saw a few hundred of them. But can you imagine? Can you just try to imagine? You wouldn't want to face, you know, what you're looking at is just uh the shell of the evidence of a people that were smitten. The Bible speaks of Christ when he was smitten that we turn as it wear our faces from him because it was just too tragic to look upon. There's aspects of this, I said it before, but you probably couldn't really fully realize it. There's aspects of this that are just too difficult to look upon. and I don't feel would be appropriate in church, but you talk about smitten when you see uh piles of human bodies and they could not the crematoriums couldn't handle them sufficiently and other means were used to dispose of them. And now here's here is the real irony of this entire thing. More than one, but here's one. Hitler himself needed these trains. He needed these forces. He needed all these resources. He needed them desperately towards the end of the war. He needed them for his war effort. But it became evident and it has been said that he his desire to destroy the Jews was greater than his desire to win the war. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now it lifts it out of and I want everybody to realize this is nothing to do with just a human war. This is a spiritual war. &gt;&gt; It's a spiritual thing. Not just army against army or nation against nation. But this was something God spoke it. God raises up and allows people to do what they need to do, but it will all work towards God's purpose and his fulfillment. &gt;&gt; You can understand it. I can't understand it fully, but that is what took place. And the irony as I said was whatever was possessing him, whatever arc angel of a fallen angel, demon spirit that control the mind and control the minds of of others in leadership that they determined to destroy a whole nation because that's not the first time in Egypt. Slay all the children, the male children. But God preserved a deliverer. &gt;&gt; When Jesus was born, slay all the children, &gt;&gt; two years and under and there is a great wailing and a great cry. But yet that is what took place because there's a great conflict that's taking place. And friends, this isn't something that happened 60 years ago. Those same spirits, those same demons, they are in opposition to the life that you live and they hate, &gt;&gt; they hate this message &gt;&gt; and they hate what you stand for. They hate holiness. They hate Christ. They hate our gospel. And and and the truth of the matter is that it's not really that widely known. But if what you believe was exposed and put out on the front of your your chest and you lived it, I tell you what, friends, you would not be a popular person in your community. &gt;&gt; The second irony of this is here here is uh I I I I'm saying this last birth pain. This was the last one. This birth pain which is bringing forth a nation and they they they walked out of their those that could walk making their way back to their homes and were rejected right in the homes. They couldn't even reclaim their own homes and they had no home. As I said two weeks ago, I pray God help me now. The real paradox is here stood the religious leaders for the Catholic church, the Orthodox church, and I believe they had a Jewish rabbi and read a letter from the pope standing on the ashes of the Jewish people and with many the blood of the saints and the martyrs and those that have been destroyed under their skirts. &gt;&gt; Millions more than six. &gt;&gt; Millions more. And now the only religious really the only religious uh leaders that were identified were those that are responsible for many more and they're standing right there. To me it was the epitome of of hypocrisy. And I stood there and God had already talked to my own heart before I arrived when I was still in the hotel and going there. And I thought this is the convulsion of the birth pain. This is a contraction. This is this is what issued this nation forth. &gt;&gt; They had no place to go. So they went back and the very nations that are represented here resisted them from going back to their own home. &gt;&gt; So it goes to show that the that the world and the governments of the world and the nations of the world are not controlled by when I say not controlled by the author of this book. Otherwise, they would they would want to right away uh be in in accordance with the promises of this book. Amen. &gt;&gt; So they went back and trying to find a homeland and uh what was represented there at the at the podium was those that have resisted the people from from becoming a nation. And furthermore, the Bible speaks of the Bible speaks a very very unusual word and it says that in Noah's day that the earth was filled with violence. But that word violence and this will be a complete twist for you. That word violence has reference in the scriptures to the leaders, spiritual leaders taking the word from the people. And now we have the very personification of those that and the very early stages of Christianity, the one who claims originality as the original church. what they were original about is taking the word from the people &gt;&gt; and they were the ones standing there and I thought this if if this isn't ironic that the people those who represent the leadership of the Vatican and the pope and so on who have taken the word from the people and in God's in God's mind that is a violent act and holding it from the people. We look at something like this and you don't only see but a small part of it. It's somber. It's a solemn thing. But it's only a foretaste. That was just one nation. Let me tell you something, friends, and I say it again. You talk about a holocaust and we need to say it. We need to preach it. We need to talk about it. We talk about us as believers, but we're not going to be there. That's that's excellent. But Jesus, he preached a a a gospel of warning. And we need to preach a gospel of warning. It keeps us snugged up where we ought to be. &gt;&gt; Do you know what holocaust means? I'm sure most don't. Holocaust is a holy burnt sacrifice. That's what was taking place. A holy completely burnt sacrifice holocaust. The only thing is with that one, it drove a people back to establish a nation. And there's going to be there's going to be 144,000. How many others there are, that's only that's up to God. We know nothing about it. But there's 144,000 that God has God has reserved to himself. And Elijah when he was here, the Bible says that he inter that he he in his prayer to God that he said uh they have in fact is says uh in his intercession to God against Israel. Here's Elijah says,"Lord, they have killed thy prophets and digged down thine altars, and I'm left alone." This is exactly what he thought. "I am left alone, and they seek my life. But what saith the answer of God to him? I've reserved 7,000 that have refused to bow their knee to bail." &gt;&gt; Elijah didn't realize it. He thought he was the last one that was left alone. But God had reserved a uh a group for himself. And God has in this time also reserved a group. I feel that we have some responsibility. I don't know. I can't tell you all the people we met. uh we met a a multitude of people and because we were with the Israel delegation as I said on the Wednesday night uh because we were with them we were just circulating and that is the contact that we had and and I feel that there's one the very least that we will do as a congregation is that we will expose them to a message into a life that they have not seen before. And there was once again an immediate affinity with those Jewish leaders and what they saw within ourselves and they wanted us to be with them. Uh, I was just standing as like an observer right at the inner circle when they were, you know, saying their prayer and and singing their psalm at the cemetery there. And that Jewish man, he wouldn't let me stand there. He just took a hold of me and pulled me right into the circle with they were going to take pictures because there was that feeling, there was that impulse that you're you're one of us. And it it was it's surprising because they weren't pulling any other people in. It was all crowded around, but they weren't pulling any other people in, but they pulled in, you know, those of us that were believers. They they wanted to be identified or they wanted us identified with them. And there's a witness in my heart that the very least that we're going to do. You know what, friends? A prophet screamed out long ago that God has turned to the Jews. &gt;&gt; God is done with the Gentiles. I tell you right now, and I'm not a pessimist, but I don't see very much to save in our nation. &gt;&gt; I don't see very much to save in this in this world right now. You talk, you talk about desolation. &gt;&gt; Now, let me be very blunt. Our nation, our churches, and yes, even within the message is filled with all kinds of iniquitous things. &gt;&gt; You know it, you might as well admit it. And as far as God having something to save, there's not much to save. The nation's adulterous. &gt;&gt; They glorify glorify and glamorize. It's a godless godless nation. &gt;&gt; Absolutely go God godless. If God's if God's not the laws of the Old Testament, if the justice of a holy God was brought down to bear, there'd be very few people alive &gt;&gt; in North America. &gt;&gt; Very few would be alive. And the prophet said, "The only thing that stands between a righteous God and the people is a bumper called the blood." &gt;&gt; And the blood is represented. You cannot you cannot change the uh identification between the blood and the word. It's a bleeding word. &gt;&gt; Jesus was the word and that's what they were after. &gt;&gt; It wasn't him as a person. He was popular as a young prophet from Nazareth, but as of what he spoke and Jesus said this. He said, "The world doesn't hate you, but they hate me." Now, he's talking to his disciples. He says, "They don't hate you, but they hate me." And he says, "They hate me because I testify that their deeds are evil." And when it comes to that, you know, we can work and have our jobs and, you know, witness here and witness there and so on so forth. But when it finally comes to a place, and I'm sure that at some point in time, and maybe sooner than later, we'll be confronted with it. Is this what you believe? Is this what you're teaching? Oh, here goes your charitable here. Here goes your charitable tax. Uh, you can't issue charitable taxes. We won't recognize you as a charitable organization anymore. &gt;&gt; Then are we going to tithe? &gt;&gt; Then are we still going to give? &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Oh, is this what you believe? If you believe that, you don't have your job anymore. You can't believe that and have your job. I tell you what, we're going to have to believe in a God that can send mana from heaven. &gt;&gt; We're going to have to believe in a God that do the supernatural and does the supernatural. &gt;&gt; And you talk about a squeeze. The prophet talked about a squeeze, but I can actually see the thing in the making anymore. And you know, we talked about building another church. We may need another church when we may not need another church. Might be a whole smaller crowd. than we even imagined. &gt;&gt; When that time comes, do you think it's far away, Brother Ed? I don't think it's very far away. I don't think it can. It can happen so quickly. And I got thinking and here here's the realization. We're talking about the Jews. These were just this was the natural lineage of Abraham. And now we sit here and if I asked you individually, do you believe you're of the spiritual lineage of the royal seed of Abraham? You'd say, yes, I do. Yes, &gt;&gt; they had an ordinary life. They were working. They were in business. They were just doing things. The kids were going to school. They were going to college. They were they had their ordinary life. Everything was going along fine till knock came in the door one day. &gt;&gt; They just had the wrong identification. Say, "We put a star on you, buddy. &gt;&gt; And you're and and they constantly thought they were like sheep." And they say it themselves, the Jewish people, like sheep going to a slaughter. And they always thought, you know, you saw that I was going to make some comments, but I thought better not let's leave it silent. You saw a great big room. It was full of pots and pans of every kind and description and it's all the suitcases because the people they expected to set up housekeeping and when and and the and the curator of the museum was saying, "Look at their faces. They're just they're just wondering what's next." You know, where do we go now? the the they they just had a knock on the door one day and they were as normal as you are right now. Their home was just as normal as your home is that you'd left this morning and closed the door. Just as normal as that. And one day uh the knock came on the door and just said you have to move out of here. So they took their belongings and things and well, you know, there's a war on and everything else and we're going to be displaced. We got to we got to go someplace. and they were assembled in certain places. You got to be left here and now this kind of pressure and that kind of pressure and so on. Regulations and more regulations and more. It's all called all government &gt;&gt; and you just have to roll with it. &gt;&gt; There's all kinds of regulations and restrictions and security and whatever more. They just go with it. Now you got to be moved and you got to go in this cattle car or you got to go in this train car and and you're being just when they arrived there, they thought they were going to set up housekeeping. That's why they had the pots and pans. That's why they had their suitcases and carried whatever they could because they fully expected that, you know, we we're we're going to the the the women and the mothers thought we're going to have to start cooking for our family again. That was their full expectation and it just tightened down and tightened down because the words of the Lord Jesus Christ, the words of the prophet Moses, I'm going to scatter you. The words of the prophet Hosea, you'll be torn. You'll be smitten. But he who tore can heal, &gt;&gt; and he who smites can raise back up again. and uh and and Apostle Paul, the Apostle Paul, he said, "Can I just have a few more minutes? I I had wanted to actually get into preaching even more than I did, but the the I I thought that you needed to see the video." He said, he says, "Hath God cast away his people?" He says he said that there was an election. He said, "The election hath obtained and the rest were blinded." This is the blindness. They were blinded. They were dispersed, but everything seemed quite normal. And we happen to be in that time. But as far as God is concerned, as far as God's word is concerned, listen friends, there's only there's only one way out of the situation that we're in right now. There isn't a whole lot of ways. There's only one way that that for deliverance out of out of this generation that we're in. And as far as I know, the gospel, the message of the hour is the only way out of it. I see I see Pentecost. I see every organization and they go down. You talk about desolation. They go the way of the world. They go right into the depths of it. And still it's okay. You know, we still have our restaurant. we still have our, you know, our our our our coffee shops and and life still goes on. The kids are still in school and we're getting our education and and we've got our job and we're paying our bills and we got our car and everything else. But as far as God is concerned, it's a total desolation. And you talk about a desolation. I think it's a dreadful desolation when people lose their inheritance, lose their position, lose their identity as as a believer and still think everything's fine. &gt;&gt; Everything's fine. You You know what's happened is Satan has brought in what I call the personification of deception. &gt;&gt; When people are in the midst of desolation and still believe that everything's fine, &gt;&gt; actually believe I'm still a Christian. &gt;&gt; I'm still born again. &gt;&gt; That's the ultimate deception. &gt;&gt; Deception by in in in the midst of desolation. Absolutely desolate. Nothing inside. no victory, no power, no word, no revelation, no light upon their soul. I'm still uh you know mentally uh you know uh I I believe the message, I believe the prophet, etc., etc. I I believe the word of God. I'm still a Christian and so on so forth. That needs to be needs to be blasted out. Needs to be cried out. Are they good people? There's a lot of good people, a lot of nice people. And I tell you what, friends, in all honesty, a lot of good people going to hell. &gt;&gt; A lot of good people going to hell. A lot of sincere people going to hell. Absolutely. And I think this is a real solemn warning for us at this time because this people now I said they lost their flag, they lost their money, they lost their land, they lost their identity, they lost their army, they lost their they lost their identification in the world community as being as being even a recognizable nation. They're just a scattered people according to the word of God. Utterly scattered throughout all the earth. And that was part of the desolation being made absolutely desolate. And how can you lose all that and still be and people today I see them lose their family, lose it to the world, lose their own life, become enslaved to the world, partake of of the dregs of the world. Still okay. I tell you what, not okay. deceived &gt;&gt; deceived. Don't let Satan just deceive you. Don't allow him that. I tell you, if there ever was a time that we need to stand up and be identified and declare and stand for every word that God even tingles in your heart as truth, it is today. I'm closing in just a few moments. He said the world has to give way to it to the birth of a new world. And he said, "Brother Brandon was talking in 1965 in Phoenix, and he said, "Let's examine some of the birth pains we're having on the earth." Let's see some of the birth pains we're having on the earth. And then we'll see about what day and just about how far she is along in her labor. And the first birth pain, he said, "We have the first world war, a great birth pain." And it shows one of the first birth painans of her going into labor because of that. Think of it, friends. You would never know. You would never have this key if a prophet had not given that key to the bride. You wouldn't know. Hasn't been anybody. You've never ever heard it identified as a birth pain. And he now comes with such insight to make a people ready. When that first war broke on and and gas was spewed and death came and nations were involved, we thought it was just nation against nation. Here comes Elijah crying out. It's a birth pain. The whole earth is coming into a birth pain. And he and he said that she brought forth bombs and we had machine guns and poisonous gas. He said now he said now she knows that her time of deliverance is at hand and there's a reason she's so nervous and frustrated. She is because there is a hydrogen bomb and missiles of the air. Let me let me just say something friends. You can you can ask me to resign if you want after this service, but I tell you, we talk about a we talk about a a Mussolini, a Hitler, a Stalin being a mad man. We're not rid of them all yet. &gt;&gt; You can be well sure there's another one around the corner. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can be well sure that those things those things that have been prepared and these these instruments of war that have been prepared, you can you just want to go out of this building today with a full knowledge. This world isn't done producing some vessel for some hierarchy of some demon force. And the thing that they hate more than anything is what you stand for. &gt;&gt; They hate this gospel. &gt;&gt; Absolutely they do. And he says she knows her deliverance is at hand. He said there are missiles of the air that can destroy the whole world and one nation scare the other no matter listen to this way back then when there was just some superpowers said no matter how little it is. And right now the concern of the great powers is the little nations that get a hold of this power and nuclear power don't know how to handle it. I'm not preaching fear to you friends. I'm letting you know. You want to know that your anchor is holding. You want to know that you have cast your anchor and that your feet are upon the solid rock, Jesus Christ, and nothing else. And don't let these things in this world move you. They're not worth it. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says Abraham looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah and toward the land of the plain. And behold, and lo, a smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace. That was the first one. God destroyed it by fire. Brother Brandham says they failed to see the judgments of God hanging in the sky. It was water one time. They made fun of Noah. Well, this will never happen. But it did. It did happen. And it won't be water this time. There will be fire and judgment. The judgment of God hangs on this earth. And the scripture says that that the very elements will melt with fervent heat. And the Bible says the heavens will be on fire. &gt;&gt; And a prophet says God is going to purge this world. So, a bride will walk out on the what? &gt;&gt; Ashes. Say it again. &gt;&gt; Ashes. God's going to destroy it. God's going to purge it. God's going to purify it. How? I do not know. But I can tell you that humans, men like you and I, there's sufficient power. There's sufficient nuclear power right now on the earth to destroy all of mankind. God doesn't have to do it. Man could do it himself. &gt;&gt; It's already there. It already lays there. It's absolutely you. You look at something like this or you went to Awitz. I just want to say to you, I'll switch it just kindergarten stuff. &gt;&gt; It's just kindergarten stuff to what's in the oceans, &gt;&gt; what's in our submarines, what's in the silos, what's hanging in the aircraft, in the airplanes, what's flying above our head right now. &gt;&gt; What has already been programmed, &gt;&gt; the cities that have already been identified. I can assure you Seattle's been identified. I can assure you they're uh they they haven't missed that Boeing plant. I can assure you they haven't missed the Poseidon missile base down in Tacoma. I can assure you they haven't missed Vancouver as one of their targets. I can assure you that's on their screen already someplace. I can assure you that's absolutely correct. And I can assure you the last madman hasn't come across the face of the earth yet. You want to know that your anchor holds. You want to know that you're standing on a solid rock. You want to know there isn't a question left in your mind that your heart and soul is right with God. But the heavens and the earth which are now by the same word, the same word that said your house, talking to a people, your house has left you desolate. They went to work the next day like you're going to. They went to the temple. They went to the synagogue. They said, "Nothing's changed." That fanatic down there, that fanatic and that little group of people yelling that our house is left to us desolate, that if we don't receive this that he's talking about that we're in trouble, a judgment's going to come. Ah, brother Brandham said they said to Noah, they said in Sodom's time, no, I don't believe that stuff. We don't believe that. But it came every time it came. And I don't care whether it's 70 years or 700 years. It doesn't make any difference. You're not going to live that long anyway. &gt;&gt; Even if you live out your full natural life and when you come to the end of the road, you want to know you're ready to cross Jordan. &gt;&gt; I want to know that. myself. I tell you what, friends, I've done some deep deep considering and thinking in the last last few years. I've really done some deep thinking. I want to make absolutely sure that everything is not only everything is right, but that I I want to know him and whom I have believed &gt;&gt; and and though he's revealed himself, I don't want to just be satisfied with something that's superficial. And some of you that are sitting here up and down and in and out, that's not permitted to a real believer. &gt;&gt; You get on your road and stay on the road. You don't turn to the right. You don't turn to the left. There's absolutely no excuse. &gt;&gt; No excuse. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, that is a hard gospel." Well, I'll tell you what. We need to have it preached hard and straight right from the shoulder. &gt;&gt; It's not a soft glove. It's not a kid glove. It's not to be pussy-footing around. It's time for us to really light up with the word of God and not not with the preaching so much as what God has witnessed in your own heart. &gt;&gt; Just listen to your own heart. Listen to your own heart. Listen to the witness inside &gt;&gt; and it'll lead you right. The Holy Spirit will lead you right. &gt;&gt; And he says, "And the earth and the heavens, as I close now, by the same word are kept in store. Everything you see around, if this little preacher's voice of silence this afternoon, don't let this ever escape your ears and your heart. This earth that is now, this world that is now is being held by the same word that was spoken, held in store, reserved under fire &gt;&gt; against the judgment and predition of ungodly men. &gt;&gt; And church is on every corner. Oh my God, what a burden is it burning in my soul. churches on every corner &gt;&gt; and refuse to preach the truth of God's word even when they know it. &gt;&gt; You know what that is? That's the violence. &gt;&gt; Violently have taken the truth from the word of God. And the earth was filled with violence. &gt;&gt; The violence is coming from the pulpit. &gt;&gt; They refuse to tell the people the truth. and her young people. And you know what a prophet says? You know what a prophet says? He describes Awitz perfectly. He describes those pictures I stood in front of perfectly. Only he was talking about nice people. He's talking about uh full gospel people talking about Pentecostal and tonguespeaking people rejecting the word of God. Refusing they say the name of Jesus Christ. We love Jesus, but refusing his name to go to the water and be baptized and buried in his death in his name. Refusing it and still expecting to be welcomed at the gates. &gt;&gt; You know what it is? It's violence. &gt;&gt; The earth was filled with violence. Voices. multitudes of voices deceiving the people, making them making them to feel all right. You're all right. And pumping them up and entertaining them and putting them into a spirit into emotional realm and tears can flow from their eyes and they can feel rejoicing and so on and yet be deceived. &gt;&gt; And here's what a prophet said. They're going to a slaughter. You know what? He ties it to this great ecumenical this great ecumenical movement. All a gathering of the churches said was for a purpose and that purpose was a slaughter. Now friends, you can't see that with the eyes that you have here and you can't even perhaps feel that. Perhaps there's a some kind of a an awareness that has come as a result of the service this morning. Very strange service. But through the eyes of the word of God and through the eyes of the message, through the eyes of the word, I tell you what, friends, this world is under the judgments of almighty God. It isn't judgment has to come. It's already on it. It's we're all already under the judgment of God. And don't don't whatever you do put any trust or confidence in the things that are around you because they are passing away. This world as it is now is held and reserved against the fire of God and the judgments wherein the heavens will be on fire. And let me tell you something, there's a lot of people that have called on God. I'm going to call on him on the last minute. I say to you, you won't be heard. &gt;&gt; You might say, I have no right to say that. I'm saying it to you as a warning. That's my belief. &gt;&gt; I do not believe. I do not believe. I'm happy if a person could in their last moment make a declaration of Christ. That's fine. That's between them. And but that's not what that's not what the Bible teaches. The Bible teaches when you hear it, that's when you receive it. When you hear the warning, that's when you respond. And God is pleased with a quick response. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Looking for and hastening unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat. And that's what's going to take place. I could take a whole new direction which I won't even bother now. But because it it's a an appropriate moment, the last thing that we're closing and getting ready to leave and we see what the world the world body, the world community had up there as the religious to identify the religious sector of the world was what this word says is the synagogue of Satan. &gt;&gt; And the synagogue of Satan, Brother Ernie, the representatives and the Holy Spirit in my own heart even before I got there says this is this represents the last contraction that brought a nation to birth. And the one that is there, the one that is there representing the religious order of the Vatican are responsible for more millions than they're standing upon. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; At that very sight and it's under their skirts, the blood of the the blood of the saints and the blood of the martyrs. &gt;&gt; And furthermore, listen closely. My last statement says the very office of the antichrist &gt;&gt; is being is being received. The very office of the antichrist and the leaders of the world. I tell you what, friends, it's already gone. &gt;&gt; It's already signed, sealed, and finished. We're quite a few people here, but you're just a little crowd. I say, "Fear not, little flock." &gt;&gt; It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. &gt;&gt; We need to hear these kind of words. I'm going to sing a song that I have in mind for the closing of this meeting. It's a simple song, but it's a true song. This gospel is dripping with blood. Dripping with blood. Let's pray before we sing. Father, how constrained I have felt within. How moved. cannot describe how your Holy Spirit has been dealing with my own heart, seeking to convey, oh God, to people that I love. Lord, the environment, the very age that we're in, the very environment that we move about from day to day seems to have an effect and an influence on us that we don't have to really press hard. We can kind of go along and things will be the same next week and next month and next year. Oh God, I feel that I need to warn these people that they do not give their ear to the lie of Satan because a prophet has already said it will go on and on and they had no they had no awareness of what was taking place and they were not as concerned as they should have been. Lord, we've heard too much. We've heard so much. Lord, I pray that you will now take these words that have been spoken and superimpose them upon the hearts. I pray you'll brand our hearts. I pray that you'll take young people I was especially burdened for while I was with they know nothing of these things. Perhaps this isn't part of their history lessons, but it is part of the spiritual history. It's part of the spiritual present as well. And I pray, oh God, by the Holy Spirit that you'll make these things a reality. And father, I ask expressly a request that you will take and now lay a hand upon that one those man, woman, young people that are not prepared, not ready, have not made a firm decision. You have dealt with them. They can only come if you call them. But some perhaps have been hearing your voice, have been putting it off, putting it off. They have an answer. They have an excuse. But today, I pray there'll be a mighty awakening within them. &gt;&gt; Hold them over the flames of hell. If you need to, Lord, let them know that their life is brief. And our passage here on earth is just but for a moment. And their life, as your word is spoken in James, is but a vapor. It appears for a little while and then it's gone. Lord, I ask that you'll deal with them and don't let them leave the sanctuary till they found a place whether here at the front or whether in their seat or in their car. I care not. But oh God, before they enter these doors again, I pray they will have made their peace with God and they have surrendered their life, oh Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. word will not be easier tomorrow than it is right today. In your name I ask it. Amen. Amen. Would you like to stand? The first one to die for this Holy Ghost plan was John the Baptist. He died like a man. Then came the Lord Jesus. They crucified him. He taught that the spirit would save man from sin. Dripping with blood. Yes, it's dripping with blood. This Holy Ghost goel is dripping with blood. The blood of disciples who died for the truth. This Holy Ghost goel is dripping with blood. There's Peter and Paul. John the divine. They gave up their lives so this gospel could shine. They mingled their blood. Like the prophets are so the true word of God be told. It's dripping with blood. It's dripping with blood. This Holy Ghost goel is dripping with blood. The blood of the truth is blood. Now I want to go to the last verse and have the words on the screen for you. There's souls under the altar crying how long for the Lord to punish those who've done wrong. I made some comments right at the very beginning of the service. I said, "We're of another nation. I don't care what nation you came from. &gt;&gt; I don't care what nation you came from. And I sing to love some of my most dearest friends in this audience from the land of Germany. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. When those people, those Jews are on their way to the gas chamber, the scripture that Isaiah said, there's no weapon formed against thee that shall prosper. Not even a crematorium. You say, "How horrific, how tragic, how incredible." Let me tell you something. For one reason, for one reason alone, my guide says to me, this curator said, if you were Polish, if you're Russian, or if you were something else, there was a there was a possibility. He said there was a possibility. But if you were a Jew, there was no possibility. And that group I stand up in front of and had my finger pointing at them. He said in the next 30 to 45 minutes they're all ready in the crematorium. People are ready to set up home. But you know what? Listen friends, you would never know oh how you need the keys of this message. You had never known. You've never heard it from anyone else because for the testimony, not for the testimony of Christ, for the testimony of the word of God. Because this Bible came to us by the Jews. &gt;&gt; And because of this, they're hated. &gt;&gt; Because they are Jews. They're hated. And they walk to the crematorium and come out of there with a white robe. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There is no weapon formed against them that could prosper. No weapon formed against you that can prosper. None. &gt;&gt; None. No mad man can take your crown. &gt;&gt; No demon-possessed leader can take your victory or take your crown. &gt;&gt; You've never heard me say this before and you forgive me if it doesn't sit right with you, but Hitler did him a favor. I'm sorry &gt;&gt; if you don't understand that. Just like Cain did Abel a favor. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Made him a type of Christ. The Roman soldier who stabbed Christ and water and blood came out. Did you a favor? Gave us a savior. &gt;&gt; They thought they were killing him. They gave you a savior. &gt;&gt; He thought he was destroying a nation. All he was doing was giving them white robes. put them in a place where they could get a white robe. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank God for this message. &gt;&gt; You wouldn't know that if you didn't have this message. &gt;&gt; You'd read it in the word, but you don't have the key to open up the word. &gt;&gt; We got a key. &gt;&gt; We got a prophet key. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You talk about being stirred up. I am stirred up. I'm stirred right to the bottom of my bootstraps, friends. &gt;&gt; What a gospel we have. What a message we have. &gt;&gt; And the world, they're saying, the leaders got there and I spoke with brother Tony because it just come once again from the message. They got keys in the message. They said never again. The next leader got up and said never again. this this is happening here and all this symbolism of the crematoriums and all of this death these death camps we are as leaders are saying never again and they represented nations who wouldn't say anything when it was happening &gt;&gt; and religious leaders saying never again and the prophet said we had a first war and then they had a league of nations and the league of nations they said we'll have a league of nations because we're saying never again but there was another one &gt;&gt; there had to be another birth pain. &gt;&gt; And it was a harder birth pain. &gt;&gt; You talk about incinerating. United States dropped a bomb on Hiroshima, incinerated 90,000 in just seconds. &gt;&gt; 90,000. And the fire wasn't on the earth. The fire came from heaven. &gt;&gt; It blew up at about 30,000 ft in the air and just caused a firestorm to come down and leveled the buildings, incinerated the people, and according to the scriptures, their flesh melted on them. Amen. &gt;&gt; The heavens are full of it. &gt;&gt; I may not live to say it. And no believer will live to say it. Says before the first bomb drops, but a bomb will drop. &gt;&gt; But before the first bomb drops, the bride of Jesus Christ is gone. &gt;&gt; Say, how are we going to be gone? &gt;&gt; I'll tell you what, if man can take life from off the earth, God can certainly take his bride from off the earth. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Their souls under the altar. &gt;&gt; Crying how long? &gt;&gt; He says they're crying for vengeance. They're not bride. He said not bride material. She's not crying for vengeance. These are calling for vengeance. When are we going to get vengeance for the evil that's been done to us? But because they were held the testimony of the word of God, they didn't even know. God gave them white robes. That's God's business. Hallelujah. And there may be more yet. Are you ready to pledge allegiance to the Lamb? &gt;&gt; If you need prayer, we'll be happy to pray with you. their souls under the altar crying how long for the Lord to punish those who done wrong who give their life's blood for this Holy Ghost goel and his crimson and blood. It's dripping with blood. Yes, it's dripping with blood. This Holy Ghost goel is dripping with blood. The blood of disciples died for the truth. This Holy Ghostel is dripping with blood. &gt;&gt; It's dripping with blood. Yes, it's dripping with blood. This Holy Ghost goel dripping with blood for the truth. Oh God, our father, my father, how this morning, early as I pondered these things, I thought of these that went to their death and for what cause? They did not know. But we have a cause. We have a purpose. We have a real privilege to live a life. Oh God, we're living in strange times. We're also living in treacherous times. We're living in the most deceived time, the most deceiving of all ages. Don't let any of that deception, Lord, influence or affect any life that's represented here. Lord, I poured out my heart. Pour out my soul. Pour out the burden of the word of the Lord. Let men and women take seriously their spiritual life. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that the conviction of the Holy Spirit will be upon oh God those that need to make a stand and need to make a step that need to make a confession. Oh God I pray for every person that's been under the sound of my voice today. Ask that you will impress them indelibly. Lord, let some suited word by the Holy Spirit be anchored into their heart. Father, I ask that you will draw us all into that place that you have ordained for us. And I pray, oh God, you'll dismiss us and just prepare us for this evening. Let this be a day of contemplation. and how my desire is Lord and I pray before these people that I may live father as it would be pleasing in your sight in Jesus Christ's name amen going to dismiss you quietly ask you not to visit there may be those who who feel as though they need to ponder these things. We need to pray about them. We're living in real serious times, friend. I I just don't mean to mince any words. I don't want to see the things in the message go just the way, you know, if we didn't hold a restraint, it just go, you know, anyway. And that's not what we're here for. And everybody, I want you to be in prayer and be supportive and pray for those that you know that are in need. Oh God, let's live according to this word. You can you say amen for us? Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed in the name of Jesus Christ.
