################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2005-01-23 - 05-0123M-I Have Heard Thy Cry Part 1 Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2005-01-23
Title:    05-0123M-I Have Heard Thy Cry Part 1: Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 30m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd7nBqhjpjw
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Yes, Lord. We praise you in the highest place. For you are great, high. We praise you. I love all else and we come to you. Worship at your king. [Music] is in the Lord. From this time and ever. Oh, my hope is in the Lord [Music] forever. I stand at all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the raging of the sea subsides. The living sacrifice. The only source of life. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] His tender mercies come with every rising sun and meet the sin in his brokenness [Music] to offer healing and forgiveness. Those who trust in him &gt;&gt; will find their hearts away. My hope is in the Lord from this and ever. [Music] Oh, my hope is in the Lord &gt;&gt; forever. [Applause] My heart is in the Lord. from this &gt;&gt; and ever. Oh my, &gt;&gt; my hope &gt;&gt; is in the Lord. &gt;&gt; My hope, &gt;&gt; my hope &gt;&gt; is in the Lord &gt;&gt; is in my [Music] glory. My hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] My hope is in the Lord. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. [Applause] [Music] My hope is in the Lord. How I love Jesus. [Music] My hope is in the Lord. &gt;&gt; Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. My hope is in from this time on this town. &gt;&gt; And ever my hope is in the Lord. &gt;&gt; My hope, &gt;&gt; my hope &gt;&gt; is in the Lord. Lord from his highest [Music] and ever [Music] is in the Lord. Forever. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad your hope is in the Lord? Hallelujah. I like to sing. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Number 30 222 on the screen. Amen. Why don't we stand and worship him this even this morning. We want to give him our all. Man, we want to create a just a wonderful atmosphere. The Lord will just come and meet us in a wonderful way. I feel his presence already this morning. Amen to you. And it's nice warm presence. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty heart adore you. All my life spent with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. King of all kings, oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven. You came to the earth you created. All for the saint became. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy, all together wonderful to me. I'll never know how much [Music] to see my soul. [Music] I'll never know how much to see my upon that cross. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my all together. All together worthy, all together wondering. Oh, here I am to worship. And here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my all together. All together worthy, all together wonderful to me. Let's sing again a new song we worship. Oh here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy, all together wonderful to me. Let's sing it one more time. Oh, here I am to worship and here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, all together wonderful to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I want to sing that little chorus, sister Linda. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Oh how Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hallelu. [Music] Oh, [Applause] [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. I'm going to ask brother Ernie Walner. Brother Ernie Waldner if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. We have a couple of testimonies that we want to take to our Lord. Sister Edna Bisberger has a little note here. Dear brothers and sisters, I would like to thank each one of you for your love, prayers, and kindness to us. We greatly appreciate all that you have done. I would also like to thank the Lord for supplying our needs and providing another full-time job for myself. Brother David is not yet back onto the uh transplant transplant list due uh to be due to be problems with his heart, but uh we know God is in control and will take care of this this situation. Once again, she wants to thank Thank you all so much for your prayers and we want to continue to remember brother David this time are uh brother uh Terry and sister Shannana Schmoutz the testimony here I want to let the congregation know that I believe the Lord has answered our prayer. Almost a year ago I submitted a prayer request concerning an ungodly neighbor who had been harassing us for three years with lawsuits and threatening even more. He He now has moved out of the country and we believe that this is the end of it. Thank you so much for your prayers. Amen. If you have faith to remove a mountain. Amen. Lord will meet all our needs. Amen. Brother Alex, as a quick testimony, my son Matthew and I would like to thank the Lord Jesus for healing us of the flu and affected throat and high fever. It came so bad that Brother Alex could hardly just swallow a drink of water. But we have a heavenly father who cares for us and fights our battles. We thank him with all of our hearts. Amen. We have a couple of prayer requests also that we want to take to our Lord. Brother Bob Hansen is asking prayer for his family, his wife and children. They're at home with the flu. And uh brother Norm Wood has a prayer request. Please remember my mother in prayer this morning as she needs salvation and she needs the Lord to help her overcome her heart ailments. We want to remember brother Norm's mom, brother Nino, prayer. Please pray for my family immigration status. We need God's God's will regarding our green card status. So when remember them, if you have a need this morning, just raise your hand, your heart as we go to prayer, brother, if you'd come. Let's just bow our heads. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just pause at a opening of another Lord's Day morning. Just thanking you, Lord, for your grace. Lord, I am what I am because of your grace. Lord, here she stands, pure and holy and before you this morning, Lord, just just thanking you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, we just don't know where we would have been if it wasn't for your grace, Lord. Lord, there's many requests this morning. Lord, before they were even pinned down, you knew them. &gt;&gt; Lord, we just if you would have been standing here, you'd have just spoken the word. that we just stand here now and you're stead and just able to speak that word and say just be healed and be made whole Lord because you've given us that that divine um uncction in our souls Lord that we could we were able to speak that word your prophet always said just believe and nothing will be impossible Lord just have have your way this morning the ministry Lord We just pray that the anointing would come and our hearts and minds would be open, Lord, just to hear that word and just to go from this place and and just live it, Lord. Just help us now and to receive, Lord, and just commit all these in your precious and holy name, name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. I want to welcome you all this morning in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. If you're visiting with us, we just want to say God bless you. We trust you. You feel welcome in his presence. I have uh one announcement. Uh there there are some DVDs and audio CDs of the local services on sale in the tape library. We're clearing out some of our extra stock. So if you want to purchase some of those DVDs and CDs, they're in the tape library. So a group of sisters that have a special for us, if they'd come at this time, uh let's sing that low course. He He came to me. He came to me. He came to me. [Music] He came to me when I could not come to where he was. He paid to me and that's why he died [Music] on Calary. When I could not come to where he was, he came to me. [Music] When I think of all he left and what he came to, I'm convinced that it's the greatest mystery. Just to think that heaven's king would leave it all to come for one like me. If I started writing now and wrote forever, I know that all my words would not convey the depth of love so great that would bring the perfect lamb to take my place. Take my place. Isn't it amazing that he'd come to where we are? Isn't it amazing that a king would go that far? Doesn't it amaze you that we find him in this place? [Music] Isn't it amazing grace [Music] for our sin and death he brought us life forever. For our broken lives, he brought us perfect peace. From the shackles and the chains, the King of glory came to set us free. He set us free. And isn't it amazing that he come to where we are? Isn't it amazing that a king would go that far? [Music] Doesn't it amaze you that we find him in this place? Isn't it amazing? [Music] Lord, I want to thank you that you've come to where we are. Where we are. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to thank you that a king would go as far. Lord, I want to thank you that we feel you in this place. Thank you for amazing grace. Lord, I want to thank you God. We feel you in this place. Thank you for amazing praise. [Music] Lord, I want to thank you that we feel you in this place. Thank you for amazing grace. Amazing [Music] grace. [Music] Amen. Grace, grace, God's grace. When as brother Ed comes, let's sing this. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse with him. Oh, praise. Praise in God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Let's sing the first verse. Marvelous grace above loveing. Oh grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt. Y on Calary. Now I'm born. There was the blood of the lamb was sin. Oh praise, praise his God. Praise. Praise that pardon and bless with him. Oh praise, praise. It's God's grace. Grace that is greater than all in the fourth verse. Marvelous infinite, passless praise, freely bestowed on all of the you that are longing to see his face. away this moment. His praise receive all praise. Praise him. God's grace, grace that might and within all grace, grades [Music] greater than all our sin. Oh praise, praise is God. Praise grace that will praise God. [Music] Praise God for that grace. I have uh a number of things I need to mention to you before we get to the message this morning. uh brother Wolf Ram Hornshade of uh Narramata. Uh they come here to the service whenever they were able. Always sat over here right against the wall. Some of you no doubt met them. His wife, Sister Laura, passed away a night before last 6:00 in the evening. And uh the service is going to be this Thursday at 11:00 a.m. in the Park View Funeral Home in Pentictton, which is on the it's on the main street of Pentictton. So those of you that uh remember shaking their hand and maybe greeting them at least uh we will hold them up in prayer as we have uh family. There's a daughter that I know of and I don't know if there's more family as well. I don't know her age or if she's married. I don't know a whole lot about her. But uh we want to be remembering our brother Wolfra in prayer. And those of you that are able to go or wish to go, it will be in Pentictton Park View Funeral Home 11:00 on Thursday. Our our sister suffered with a liver ailment for quite a number of years, but it seemed that she was gaining strength just right here at the end. and uh and yet God allowed her to uh come home. It was uh brother Wolram said something that was very really quite remarkable. He said she can't go unless she passes before God. And I thought that was a nice way to put it. She's unable to go unless she passes right before God. And that was really wonderful. Uh, brother Darren Danbrook. I have not spoken of brother Darren in public because I was asked not to, but now there are so many here that have been writing him and and uh this church holds secrets like a sie. So I want to compliment you on that. Uh we do try to do things undercover once in a while and the tighter I hold them the more suspicious I the I get suspicious looks at me like I have done something evil. You are holding something back from us and we are not accustomed to that. We have a very open, transparent congregation and you are obliged to let us know so that we can let everybody else know. And the reason I don't tell even some of my dearest friends when certain things are happening undercover is because I I know in all good conscience what you're going to do because you have somebody that you're going to confide in. And in a close family congregation such as we have, we all have a few of those friends who we can confide in and before long uh the whole church knows because we we confide in one another. But brother Darren Danbrook before he was saved and before he was delivered he was excuse me in his previous life and uh didn't do anything as far as the Canadian laws concerned that was an infraction of the law but was engaged with some other people in some activities that the uh uh uh American authorities did not feel or at least they certainly wanted to question him and uh for that reason he wasn't going across the border. But one day he decided he would go across the border. He needed something for his car or whatever it was had something to do with his wheels and they nabbed him at the border and he has been in uh incarcerated ever since. Uh, of course, you know, that was a very low point for him and we did everything that we could and he's caught in the jaws of the law and between, you know, this ruling and that ruling and all the rest of it. They actually wanted him to plea bargain and he didn't want to do that. And I'm probably telling you more than I should, but anyway, I don't know. Once you're in the grasp of the authorities, it's it's pretty difficult, you know. And so he shuffled from here to there, this detention center to that one, but he's in uh in a Los Angeles facility, but he just decided that uh and in the brief conversations we've had that he was there for a purpose. So he began to witness and he began to go to all the chaplain's meetings and he began to before long, of course, he was having little Bible studies almost by himself because there were so many interested in what he was saying. And I don't care what kind of uh chaplain's service you go to, any believer is going to be saying something that the chaplain certainly isn't saying. And uh uh you start talking to people about, you know, the original sin and baptism according to the word of God, and you're bound to get some people saying, "Hey, that's right. You know, let me hear more about that. Where did you get that?" So, he's been having a stream of church age books and uh seals books and they've got about 20 messages in now and they have started to get some videos of the services here and they had just received the last five and u uh chaplain said no more. this five, that's the last of it for whatever reason. But they have quite a bunch and they have about six or seven uh men in the prison that have been gathering. It's it's on a regular basis. They gather steady for for Bible study and for meetings. So, uh he he said he told me yesterday, "Yeah, go ahead and tell the people. You can tell them." So, uh we don't know just how long he's going to be in there. They have nine videos, he said, alto together. And today they received uh uh today they received one that was very appropriate in one place and in one accord whether you want to be or not. Remember brother Darren, would you pray for him? his uh mother and father are going to are going down to see him uh on the 30th of this month and that'll be the first time he's had visitors. Um I just want to say that uh you know sister Lana had had witnessed to brother Darren and it was just wonderful. I know that from the very very beginnings she met him in a store and and from there on just began to witness to him of Christ and uh she has written sister Lewan I don't see her just now but she has written if you see her writing notes that's what she's doing in church those notes sometimes go just the way she's written them right from this service and are mailed down to him so he can get what was what was said in the last service and we appreciate everybody's effort just wonderful Well, are you happy to be in the house of God? &gt;&gt; Brother Lance is going to be preaching tonight. And this morning's service is probably going to be really quite different. Uh I've got some things that I want to say from my heart. And uh uh I feel that I feel that the church here has a has a mission within the confines of the message. Uh every church, every minister, every believer, they are geographically located where they are by I want to believe by God's design. And if God has a purpose in us being here together, uh that we interact with one another, then I believe that God has a a purpose that goes far beyond your individual life, my individual life or your home or my home or your loved ones and my loved ones. I believe it goes far beyond that to whatever is the mission and the vision that God has given to the congregation, the assembly here in the ministry. And I want to say from the depths of my heart that I appreciate and love you for the support, the spiritual support. It's in your handshake. It's in your voice. It's in your smile. It's in your willingness, your readiness to serve God at any level, at any capacity. And I appreciate that. And I believe God appreciates that. I don't feel that our mission is through. I believe that it's uh perhaps has a has a a great distance yet to go. And uh when I was just on my way to Ghana, uh I had some questions about going to Ghana because it was a rather sudden uh trip and uh I had had, you know, I'd had some phone calls and some counsel about uh what I might meet up with over there, but I felt directed to go. And while I was just either on the way, uh I might have been on the plane or just before I left, I opened up my Bible and I don't recommend this. I didn't open up my Bible to see anything. My Bible just opened and I looked down not even knowing where I was reading and I looked down but I but this was this was cons not consuming me but it was very very much on my mind about going and the different voices that I'd heard and a minister or two had called me and so on and I looked down and read these words now also when I am old and gayheaded oh God forsake me not until I have showed thy strength unto this generation and thy power to everyone that is to come. And then that spoke directly to myself, to my own heart, that I knew that God was going to work this scripture out in my own life for those that I was supposed to meet in this generation and those that are to come. And I realize that I have some to meet and I have some to be responsible for. And as we all do, that's why you're here this morning. You reach people who I will never see. And the ministers will never see. They'll never contact. They'll never never shake the hands that you will shake and they'll never speak to the people that you'll speak to. So, uh I believe that we do have a a a mission and and as a result, there are things that happen and and you get led into a certain direction. You don't even know why. Uh, and I I have referred back many times and I'm sure you won't mind me repeating when Sydney Jackson who had been with brother Brandham in the great meetings throughout South Africa came I believe it was his first it was his first visit as I recall to the little log church and we probably had maybe 60 70 80 people at the time as a congregation might have been a hundred and uh he wrote me a letter. He was on his way home to South Africa. He'd been in Tucson, I believe, and he wrote me a letter from South Africa and uh he said in that letter, "Brother Eddie, uh for some reason known only to God himself, God has overshadowed Cloverdale for a purpose." He said, "For a purpose that's known only to himself." And that really lodged in my heart. And I wondered what this elderly man who was about 76 or 77 at the time, what it was. I know when I traveled into South Africa, the people there had regarded him uh very highly and and because God used him in a in a prophetic way in some times. And so I wondered whether he there was something that he was, you know, seeing that I as a younger man was not seeing. And then since that time I've seen that uh God has led you know you as individuals families they have grown they have you've married you have children uh people have come from so many many places we brother DJ wrote a letter we were writing a letter to a mayor of a city in Poland David about three days ago and it was a surprise to me he listed down we have 37 37 nations represented in this congregation. And that in itself is really startling when you think of it. 37 nations. Then you'd say, well, how is that or why is that? That's all part of God's great mystery. That's part of God's doing. But I trust that you feel that you are here in God's program. I want to just sing before we read the scripture. He hideth my soul. Let's just sing the first verse and of course would you stand please and we'll sing it together. A wonderful Savior is Jesus my Lord. A wonderful savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock. Deliver measure my sea. He hideth my soul in the cliff of the rock that shadows a dry land. He hideth my life in the depths of his love and covers me there with his hand and covers me there with his hand. Our gracious and loving heavenly father, this is the Lord's day and we've set it aside for you in the service this morning, the service this evening. The word that you've laid, oh God, upon the hearts of your servants, I pray that it will be ordained that we may be just oracles. And this morning, Lord, I pray for the congregation. I pray for myself. I ask Father that you will take me in your control and under the dominance of the Holy Spirit and may everything that is said and done be to the glory of the name of Jesus Christ. We pray father God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, God of the prophets, God of the apostles, God of the messengers. You certainly are the God that stood by the prophet of God in this generation. Lord, we are unashamed of the great things that you have done. We are unashamed of the things that you are doing even at this time. And we pray that you will visit us in a very special way. Make our lives a blessing. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. I would like to read from the Old Testament from Exodus the 3 chapter starting at verse two. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him, which was Moses, in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush. And he looked, and behold, the bush burned with fire. and the bush was not consumed. And Moses said, "I will now turn aside and see this great sight why the bush is not burned." And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush and said, "Moses, Moses." And he said, "Here am I." And he said, "Draw not nigh hither. Put off thy shoes from off thy feet. for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground. Moreover, he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. And the Lord said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their task masters. For I know their sorrows, and am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, to bring them up out of the out of that land, unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey, unto the place of the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites. And now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me, and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them. Come now, therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of Israel, out of Egypt. God bless you. You may have your seats. Not to distract from the scripture, but it's nice to see Michael and Lysa back from a rather brief honeymoon, but nice to see you in church. This is the best honeymoon. And for all the rest, uh, I got word from Rabbi Richmond this morning and his wife that their son, I believe it's their second eldest son, they wanted to share their joy. He has become engaged to a lovely young lady and they will be married this summer. So those of you that communicate with them, you can at least know now that I have informed you and they're so happy about that. Um, I want to speak uh this morning and move as quickly as I can out from this scripture uh titled I'm titling this message I have heard their cry but uh for a subject I want to speak on signs. Now, this scripture which we just read, we're all very very familiar with it. God uh arresting Moses at the burning bush. Uh this is certainly one of the great events in history. Everything continued on. I'd like to have you think in a certain line just for a few moments now. One of the great events in history. Yet everything continued on. You know, the Hebrews still made bricks. The task masters were still at their jobs. Everything in Egypt was continuing on. But God had already moved on the scene. Said, "I'm going to. I've come down." Something was moving now. But yet the world was just going on. I want you to just notice that because I have I want to make reference to it in our present time. We could speak of other great moments in time. Uh Mount Transfiguration, Moses, Elijah, Christ, uh Peter, James, and John on the mountain. Such an incredible experience happening. But everything just continued on. People were in their markets. They were buying. They were selling, they were trading. Uh young people were getting old and old people were getting older. Everything was happening. It is as it was just continued on. Uh the resurrection of Jesus Christ, greatest event perhaps that we can speak of and it is recorded. It is absolutely recorded not by a not by a handful of people but by many. and and uh as the prophet said, he proved that day who he was. He proved it. He had spoken it, but now he proved it. But the world went on. The Roman kingdom went on. Government went on. Their they had their parliamentarians that went on. They had their senates and it went on. They had their dignitaries. Everything, the workers, the average person, the woman who just gave birth to a baby, it just continued on. It went on. Life went on. And that's a very important point this morning because I want to make this uh uh indelibly mark your mind that God in his economy can do outstanding outstanding things. He can even change the course of his direction from what had been happening for 400 years to something that was going to change. And yet the the people were not really conscious of it. They're not aware of it. And I say that because I personally believe there are there are outstanding things that are happening around us. And I'm afraid that we are perhaps uh blind to it or we're numb to it or we're uninformed. And that's why I feel it's a great responsibility upon the ministry not just to preach sermons but the the to bring the word to where we are now. That is outstanding thing of brother Brandham's message his message not sermons but his entire message. He says in one place that that that he spoke of and he just used this term the position of the nations now because that had a that had where the nations were now had a direct reference to the scripture and the message and what he was bringing at that time. And of course the the position of the nations at that time is very different from the position of the nations today. But that but it has not changed the principle. If it was important back then, it's also important today. But if we think, well, the world, you know, it has nothing to do with me. It just goes on, just goes on. But that is not the case. God is dealing in the affairs of men. And it's God who's in control. And he allows powers to rise and to fulfill certain promises, and he allows them to fall. He He allows men to rise. He allows them to be removed off the scene when they're done. And he does not do it according to our agenda or according to what we think is the right thing to do. God does it. He's sovereign. He just does it in his own in his own way. And so we have, you know, the opening, Brother Brandham refers to the opening of the seals, a great event. Well, to an awful lot of people, the most the public uh on the face of the earth, it was no event at all because they don't know anything about it. And even amongst those who call themselves as believers, uh, a lot of them have never even touched the book. They they wouldn't even know. Uh, so they don't know what that event was. He talks about it as a great event. And of course, the resurrection and the rapture, the catching away of the of of the believing church is going to be a great event. But even that, even that, as amazing as it might seem to you, and your mind might have a hard time to get around it, even that will be unknown to the general public. They may gradually become aware something has happened and so on and so forth, and you just wonder about it. But this church will still be standing here, I expect, if it happens in the time frame we think it's going to happen. And there'll be people who come here to this church. There will be people who will come and there will be people who will be expecting a a meeting. I want to announce to you, I won't be preaching. &gt;&gt; And I want to say to you, you want to make sure you're not sitting there. &gt;&gt; We're in that hour. &gt;&gt; We're in that time. Say, well, they've they've wanted this for generations. Absolutely true. But it is those who only have lived in faith in faith of that very moment. Their faith was vibrant. Their faith was believing. Their faith was it can be in the next moment, the next five minutes. That's the one. That's the believer. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Are you that believing people today? Are you in that kind of expectation? in a prophet like under Moses as we see the clock tick around the time clock of God's time piece all the prophets being fulfilled all the prophecies being fulfilled and sitting right up before us now for the coming Messiah we are certainly a happy people and should be that way &gt;&gt; for we're looking forward to the great event that ever happened in all human history or ever will the second coming of uh our Lord Jesus Christ the son of God to catch a church to himself and take her to himself what a glorious time that will be this was 1959 he was speaking and there's many great events has happened in the world many great things but nothing like that nothing like that nothing will compare with that now this this thought that all things continue as they are. I'd like to give you a scripture. Knowing this first that there shall come in the last days scoffers walking after their own lusts and saying, "Where is the promise of his coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation. That's what that is what so many say. And maybe it's undeclared, but that is why that is how so many live. And I'm saying this morning, we must not live that way. We must not live as though all things continue as they were. We go about and do our things and do our business and carry on our lives and get our education and go forward in life uh as though uh nothing's going to ever stop it. Well, the thing is friends, even if you lived your life out, your breath and life will stop it someday. And so it is absolutely imperative that you live in the expectation you live as though your your breath right now is your last one and say I'm going if I if God calls me, I will go uh in the faith. I will go with my heart filled with anticipation. I will go having been active for God. I will go with this Holy Spirit burning within me. That's how I will go. &gt;&gt; Whether I go in a rapture, whether I go by the way of the grave, however I go, I'm going to go the right way. &gt;&gt; Amen. We don't live as all things continue as they were in the world falling apart. He speaks of the last name that's been redeemed that was put on that book. And he says, "And it might be a strange time. Do you ever think people will go right on preaching? The church will go right on even thinking they're getting people saved." He said, "It's too late then. It's all over." And the message will go to the totally lost. So the message will be here as well. Even as the message of Christ which was rejected, the message continued on. Even though the world as as a as a whole rejected it &gt;&gt; and he says the message so this message that you have message books will be present. Message books will probably continue to be printed who knows what and it will go on and the message will continue on. And he said the message will go on to the totally lost. There will be people totally lost reading and hearing the message. He said just like it did in the days of Noah, seven days in the ark, it did in the days of Sodom, Jesus himself in the third stage of his ministry. Then I go on and we don't know what time these things might happen. And let's be warned, don't just stand around. Can we say amen? &gt;&gt; Let's do something about it. And if we're not right with God, let's get right with God. And I say amen to that. If we're not right with God, let's get right with God. Don't just stand around. Do something about it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now there was a very interesting uh and and moving phrase for me which I'm going to use this morning out of the message uniting time and sign. He said if you'll just watch nature and that's a marvelous message uniting sign and time. My subject is signs. If you'll just watch nature it does the same thing. He'd been going on on that subject. And here's the sentence. Nature is God's calendar of signs. Nature is God's calendar of signs. He asked, "Did you know that?" He said Jesus told them to watch nature. The sea would be roaring and there'd be different things. I'm going slowly on purpose. The sea would be roaring. That is certainly meaningful to us today. &gt;&gt; The sea has been roaring. I don't know if you are aware if these are quite well publicized things but in this last uh great earthquake and incidentally the 40 years is also very significant. I will be referring to it. the the ocean. Uh, one of the things, and this is the US spy imagery agency is working around the clock to gather information to warn mariners and begin the task of recharting the altered coastlines and ports throughout the region, which is a vast region where this tsunami took place. Officials at the Bethesda, Maryland based national uh agency say that efforts will take international cooperation over months and if not years. Thousands of navigational aids such as buoys were carried off by 50 foot to 100 foot waves. Old shipwrecks marked on charts have been relocated, joined by new wrecks that will have to be moved or charted. And just how different the ocean floor looks remains largely a mystery. The bulk of the tsunami recovery has gone toward humanitarian relief. But gradually, however, attention will turn to what it will take to make the region's waters safe. The agency which analyzes satellite imagery and produces maps and charts for the defense department has sent out uh two tsunami related warnings and that ports of call may be heavily damaged and it it has changed the configuration of the ocean bottom. The agency has received two reports that in one area of the straight of Malaa which divides Malaysia from Sumatra that's very busy ocean uh traffic through those straits. That depth before the tsunami was 4,060 ft deep. In just a moment's time, the earth rose and it's only 105 deep today. From 4,60 feet to 105 ft, raised up a mountain there and displaced a massive amount of water. And another merchant marine ship has logged that the depth was cut in another area from 3,855 ft to 92 ft. Brother Brandham said waves roaring and different things &gt;&gt; and we don't want to be ignorant of these things. And that happened just in a moment of time. There was another article. I'm not going to make reference to it, but brother Brandham said in India before that earthquake, an earthquake that took place there, how the birds left the rocks and came and sat in the trees that were in the middle of fields and the animals who were getting shade against walls and and of barns and walls of stone walls came and stood in the middle of the field, gathered in the middle of the field. The earthquake struck and the people were destroyed, but the animals weren't. And they got the big article here. What did the animals know? Because they haven't found animals in the destruction of this tsunami. The animals departed. They said even small animals and rodents. They haven't found them to any any degree. I haven't read where they found any, but that's beside the point. Brother Brandham said, and one place it says, did they have a sixth sense? And they certainly obviously did have with the message that we have. Uh it should be abundantly clear to us as believers that God has sent us sufficient so that we do not need to be uninformed or ignorant. And neither do we need to be dull spiritually. We should be our expectation should be so heightened and the message didn't come to bring fear. It came to take the fear off the people and we thank God for that. said to scientists uh that the earth is ringing like a bell because the earth they said it's actually vibrating and on a scale of I don't know what scale they would use but if the scales say that the they said the earth does that normally anyway because it has got it quaking and moving and so on constantly moving the uh the plates are moving and they said if it was on a scale say of two for example, it's presently still at about 20 and it was uh you know far more than that of course during the actual uh happening of the earthquake. But that earthquake and they go back always to say that it was the greatest since uh Alaska and Alaska is the one that the prophet of God predicted would happen, prophesied would happen, that judgment was going to strike the west coast and happen in just a few days. and with the men that were there as a witness &gt;&gt; who he spoke to and said there was a sign that whirlwind that came down as a sign and judgment is going to strike the west coast. But they say also that the earth and you've no doubt heard some of these things and it's not in my message as such but I I want to say it because it's part of the reference points that I want to make that the that the earth it's actually changed its rotation and that it has sped up slightly just a a very very slight amount and that it changed its axis a wee bit. the the blast was so great. And so uh now a prophet says that nature is God's calendar of signs and a sign can be a signal like a flashing red light. Perhaps a sign can also be a warning and a sign can also be a token. It's a sign. You possess a sign. He said, "You carry the token with you." So, I need to announce to you, you have a sign. &gt;&gt; You have a sign that's in you. And the only and he said that token could only come in the evening time. &gt;&gt; It could only come in this day. It had to arrive at this time because there would be certain individuals who by God's forordination in his plan because he can't learn anything. God is absolutely infinite in his knowledge. He knew you were going to be here. He knew who you would be in touch with. He knew every word that your ears would hear and that one day you would hear something. A lot of what you hear is really meaningless. And some of us have heard a lot of trash and it doesn't do us any good whatsoever. But God knew that you would hear something that would actually respond to a seed down in your soul and it would it would ignite that to to to life. Not merely life, but to eternal life. God knew that would happen. And so he sent the token which is the the token that a sign that you were redeemed. You are in the redeemed class of people and we don't have a right to say you know uh do I have any choice in that God arranged that you would meet who you should meet. You would hear what you would hear. You would hear exactly what the soul needed to hear and it would be like the woman at the well. It has nothing to do with your past, nothing to do with chance, has nothing to do with luck. It was God's election. Amen. &gt;&gt; And by God's election, you heard what you heard. By God's election, not by uh uh um your mother and father bringing you into the world, but by God's election, &gt;&gt; he brought you forth, gave you life so that you would hear what you would hear so you would be the kind of person that you would be. And so he'd have a vessel to manifest himself through. That's why you're here. And so he gave you an evidence by a message, a token in the end time that you would carry that token with you. It's token time, which was a the token of course was the shedding of the Passover lamb. And so the a sign is a flashing red light. A sign is a warning and a token is a sign. There are many signs that are taking place. God's time piece. I notice once in a while people look at their watch while they're in church. And I do also. Uh I'm glad this church hasn't put a big clock at the back. That would be rather unnerving for me. But anyway, I have been lots of churches that have a big clock at the back. Uh, and uh, and I can say that there isn't anyone here, unless they're too small to read one or too young to read a watch, that doesn't look at their watch many times in the day. And if you didn't look at your watch, you'd be rather uninformed about what is happening. You wouldn't know whether you missed appointment, whether you're early, whether you're late. There's a lot of things that you would be ignorant of if you didn't look at your watch. I want to say something not to be uh not to be critical but I am really astounded at ministers in this message who are satisfied to remain ignorant about looking and refuse to look at God's time piece which their prophet who they say they love and they hear and they listen to says that Israel is God's time piece &gt;&gt; and well they haven't got any time Israel you know and I've even heard comments they don't wonder what in the world that brother Biscll is doing having anything to do with the Jewish people excuse me where are you coming from &gt;&gt; do you read the same message I read &gt;&gt; this is the nation that is God's time peace and I think that we need to on a regular basis. Have a look at it and see where we are. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm glad that you say that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It gives me a a a warm feeling because you don't know some of the criticism which perhaps I face as I don't tell you about it. But many times it's just incredible. Absolutely unbelievable that people within the message are satisfied to remain absolutely ignorant about what is happening within Israel. He was asked a question way early in 53. Do you believe that the Jews return to Palestine is a fulfillment of Bible prophecy? said, ' If you want to see what time of the year it is, now don't think that you know just exactly what these quotes are because I want to emphasize some very important things in light of what's happening even now. If you want to see what time of the year it is, look on the calendar. If you want to see what time of night it is, look at the clock. If you want to see what day you're living in, look where the Jews are. didn't only just say look at Israel but look where the Jews are. It's God's time piece. In the mark of the beast talks about the hearts that he hardened Hitler's heart, Mussolini's heart, Stalin's heart, all the different hearts of the nation. Now we are a multinational congregation here and yet I want to be very very quick to announce to everybody in the under the sound of my voice that we are actually one nation &gt;&gt; and we need to we need to for the sake of our spiritual life forget that we are American, &gt;&gt; forget that we are Canadian. forget that we are British or that we are German or we are Russian or we are congalles or we are French or we are whatever we are we are a holy nation separated to God &gt;&gt; and what the world has done what the world has done what evil men have done that's up to them &gt;&gt; I'm going to make some references to the Holocaust and what is happening right now but I want our our people from Europe and our people from Germany and perhaps from Poland so on. I'm from the Ukraine and during the Second World War when the Nazi forces were moving at such a pace they were not able to fulfill their plan of genocide of the Jewish nation. And so they employed the people uh the police captains and the police of the various nations to actually do a lot of the work. And I have a picture of a Ukrainian um a Ukrainian man with his gun uh shooting and executing some of the Jewish people. Well, he he's a Ukrainian. I'm full-blood Ukrainian. That doesn't affect me whatsoever. I have nothing to do with that demon spirit. absolutely nothing to do with it. And it doesn't bother me to say that's that's up to him and that's up to his leaders and that's up to those that gave him the authority to commit such atrocities. So it has nothing to do I want the congregation to know that has nothing to do with our people. It has nothing to do with the believers. Hallelujah. Some of the most blessed friends that I have are from Europe &gt;&gt; and from Germany and it has nothing to do with it. It it can't have nothing in our mind whatsoever. And I'm saying that because it's absolutely the truth. The scripture says that we are one nation and we have been born again by the spirit of God and God only ordained in fact is God ordained that you should be born where you were born because he wanted you there. &gt;&gt; You didn't plan it. God planned it. &gt;&gt; Wherever you come from, wherever your background is, we'd say this is what God has done. God ordained it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandt said concerning America, he said, "I'm identified with her glory and I'm identified with her shame. I'm identified with the shame. I'm identified with the shame of this own our own country, which I think so many of their things that twists me all up inside what they do." But nevertheless, God has us here to be a certain voice to be uh he he's got us here in his program. And all I'm interested in is seeing that we fulfill our place. Does the congregation understand what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; You say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; So now the Jews are the calendar, God's calendar, God's time piece. He said, "If you want to see what day or month it is, look at the calendar. If you want to see what day in the season it is of the coming of the Lord, watch where Israel's setting." &gt;&gt; He said, "Look where the Jews are in one place and then watch where Israel's setting, looking at God's clock. I found something that I thought was quite interesting. Not any big doctrine, but in the greatest battle ever fought. Now, 1962, now don't think I'm just going back, but 1962 was uh I believe that was the time when Pope John the 23rd. Now, if you those of you like to do any research, I'm not expecting that you will, but if you want to do any research, I I have uh I have some comments about him here, but he was the one who called Vatican Council 2. There has only been 20 councils called in 2,000 years. So, it was a very significant, it was the most significant, only 20 called. That's when they called the hierarchy of that church together. Now, don't forget that your prophet of God said that that church was more dangerous than the nations with their shiny missiles in the silos. &gt;&gt; They've only had 20. and when they call it and he was a a remarkable person as a pope uh he initiated the gathering of the of the brethren back again. So now watch the sign 62. 63 the seals are open. 63 God releases a great revelation of himself in the opening of the word, the opening of the seals, the third pull of the prophet's ministry because it would take that to gather the bride. And he says, "And the bride is being united with the groom so that she can go in the rapture." &gt;&gt; Listen, my brother, my sister, when you hear the message, it's not whether you wish to receive it or don't wish to receive it. If you are bride, you will receive it and you will be absolutely united with it. It isn't something that will go in one ear and out the other. It is something that will sink down into the deep recess of your heart and you will feel you'll feel a union with the word of God. It's an actual happening. You'll be united with the word and the word is the bridegroom Jesus Christ. And that is a sign that you're going. &gt;&gt; You can't be disassociated with him. You can't just live a nonchalant life as far as the message is concerned and expect to that you're going to go in a rapture because one is tied to the other. &gt;&gt; In 1962 in the message greatest battle ever fought and I think it's it's appropriate. Are you following me? &gt;&gt; I think it's appropriate to notice even what he preached. said, "Did you hear the news this morning, Mrs. Kennedy?" There's President Kennedy's wife, going to see the Pope and what the Pope said, all the religions of the world. And then he just breaks. Oh, well, maybe we get a little more of that next Sunday. But he made this statement, just part of a statement. all the religions of the world says. And in a a news item at that time on her way to India and Pakistan in 1962, the first lady stopped in Rome for a private audience with Pope John the 23rd where she dismissed interpreters and spoke in French with the pontiff and wore a long black silk dress reminiscent of the 17th century uh Spanish I guess dress at that time in 1962 also this is what is said about the and I want you to listen very very carefully because I won't read this again it is quite possible that in uh speaking of the Roman Catholic Church movement it is quite possible that in her the church's vision 1962's most faithful rendevous took place in the world's most famous church having lived for years in men's hearts and minds that event was the beginning of a revolution in Christianity the ancient faith whose 900 million adherence uh make it the world's largest religion and then they go on others are Islam and so on, Hinduism and so on. Pope John the 23rd who by convening the ecumenical council now the next time you're in the messages and you see brother Brandham refer to the ecumenical movement or the ecumenical council or the council of churches he's making a direct reference. Now there is also the world council of churches but that that is one and the same really. And so he says that the ecumenical council called, this is what was called Vatican 2, set in motion ideas and forces that will affect not merely Roman Catholics, not only Christians, but the whole world's ever expanding population long after some of the other things that were concerns at the time. So rare are these councils 20 in the last 2,000 years. And it says Pope John made the biggest individual imprint on the year by revolutions in Christianity. Uh but revolutions, I'm sorry, in Christianity are even rarer. The reformation, speaking now of Luther, they make direct reference back to Luther. Reformations. The Reformation was 400 years ago. And John's historic mission is fired by a desire to endow the Christian faith with a new Pentecost, a new spirit. It is aimed not only at bringing the mother church of Christendom into closer touch with the modern world but at ending the divisions that has dis uh dissipated the Christians message for four centuries now. That's what was set in motion. That's what he was I would say inspired to do. And friends, since that time, since that time it has moved in that direction. Just looking at 40 years for a moment. Now we go. That was 1962, 63, 64, 204. Now we're at to 205. on the 6th of this month. Now we take a quantum leap of little over 40 years, a generation and the Bible. January the 6th. This is on behalf of the Italian Prime Minister's Office. The pope invokes peace with 160 rabbis in the Vatican. Vatican City. emotional meeting began or between Pope Paul II and 160 rabbis from the the Pave the Way foundation given an audience gives given an audience for the first time. The Pope greeted them with warmth in reply to the triple which they 160 rabbis said the triple. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Is it the trinity? And the triple. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. offered to him by Gary Kroo, president and founder of the Pave the Way, an organism that unites rabbis from all over the world. In his brief speech, the Pope reminded that this year will be the 40th anniversary of the declaration of the Council, Vatican Council 2. A prophet was screaming out &gt;&gt; against this council &gt;&gt; before it was even conceived. &gt;&gt; And he said they will do it. &gt;&gt; He said it may sound strange in the church ages towards the end. It may sound strange but he says and they will speaking of the mother harlot church. They will take control &gt;&gt; and they will at first they will suggest we have dialogue. &gt;&gt; And in the first world council which began in 1948 as just a uh infant organization. The Catholic Church had nothing to do with the Vatican had nothing to do with but they sent representatives as observers and that's what they were and they met every six years world council of churches they had an observer just every every time they were observing but from that from that observation in 1948 they actually took control of it until uh the power of that system which is the mother of them all began to dictate come back to mother &gt;&gt; and now the pope is invoking peace to these people now I just there's something you have to please just pray that you know God will help us to get this out I don't want to delay the service but I but there's a a a a massive paradox which is happening right at this time and I just want to get it across to you but he said that uh the pope reminded reminded that this year will be the 40th anniversary of the declaration of the Vatican Council 2 and he wanted to underline how significantly uh contributed how it cons significantly contributed to dialogue between the Jewish people and Catholics. Here a prophet declares that they will come together that they will not only have dialogue but they will come into an agreement. They will come into a union. &gt;&gt; It doesn't happen just overnight. But you brothers, you could carry on doing your everyday work, but you do need to know. We need to know where the Jews are at this time. &gt;&gt; What is it that they're doing at this time? because it ought to send shivers down into our spine and into our soul to think the hour that we're living in. &gt;&gt; While you're having your daily meal and having your daily responsibilities, these things are moving and the world continues as it is, as it was, as it were. But nevertheless, God's word continues to be uh to to be fulfilled. It just keeps rolling, steamrolling on. Hallelujah. One event after another, &gt;&gt; nations rise, nation falls, agreements are made, agreements fail, uh men rise, men pass away, but the word of God abides forever. And he wanted to wanted them to know how significant this Vatican council to 40 years ago was so important between the Jewish people and the Catholics. And he expressed that this be an occasion to renew the effort and increase the understanding and cooperation in the service to build a more solid world based on respect for the divine image in every human being. He also invoked on members of the foundation that reunites that reunites rabbis in the world to abundant blessing. the abundant blessing almighty and the gift of peace. I tell you what, he's placing himself in a position to bless even those people. &gt;&gt; In other words, that which God has cursed &gt;&gt; is trying to bless God's people &gt;&gt; or a representation of God's people. One of the things that made has made just now and this was announced on the 7th of January. One of the greatest of the Jewish uh sages and theologians. He his name was Mo Moses or they would say Moa Mammonites. Mammones. He was Spanish but Rabbi Richmond for example refers to him all the time. And the Vatican will loan the works of Moses Mammonades, one of Judaism's most celebrated rabbis and sages to Israel this year is in a gesture meant to improve relations between Catholics and Jews. Can you believe this system? this harlot system &gt;&gt; has the most treasured manuscripts of the Jewish people &gt;&gt; and are for the first time in history are going to allow them to see them &gt;&gt; and they have they have no belief in the Jewish belief. &gt;&gt; They have resisted it for 2,000 years but hold those things almost like an ace card. and now are going to allow them to see nine manuscripts or six manuscripts and to show that they uh that uh that they are they want to strengthen they say which will strengthen the bonds between the Jews and Christians and the delegation this delegation of 160 rabbis eyes worldwide will meet the Pope John Paul II this month to thank him for his goodwill, including working out an agreement to display the priceless Jewish artifacts for the first time in Israel. Oh Jerusalem, Jerusalem, Jesus said, which klest the prophets and stoneest them that are sent unto thee. How often would I have gathered thy children together as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings, and you would not listen close. Behold, your house is left to you desolate. And verily I say unto you, you shall not see me. I'd like to break this down. I'd like to preach on a subject, a desolate house. But you wouldn't be able to stand it. If I were to show you a desolate house, I would show you what happened to the Jewish people as a people. They're suffering not only by one nation or two nations or three nations. It has been from the Inquisition and into France and into Europe and into Russia and into Germany and all over the world. They have been because they their name is associated with the testimony of the word of God. And the souls under the altar cried out, "How long? How long?" They had not it it they had not stood for the for the name of God. Brother Brandham says not for the name of God but for the word of God. &gt;&gt; They're responsible that the oracles of God have come down to us. In fact is the New Testament. As I said to one of my Jewish friends, Matthew a Jew, Luke a Jew, there's some question about that. Mark a Jew, John a Jew, Paul a Jew. &gt;&gt; All of them. I said to him, "You gave us the New Testament, &gt;&gt; not just the Old. You gave us the New Testament. &gt;&gt; You're responsible." It was Jews that reported that Jesus Christ rose from the dead, not Gentiles. Jews reported it. Jews recorded it. Jews said it's a part of history. &gt;&gt; And he said, "Your house is left to you desolate." Right. &gt;&gt; I have the pictures on the 27th this coming week. Thursday is the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Awitz. All through Europe, Eastern Europe, all over Europe, I have a map that identifies over 1,000 killing locations. Over 1,000. I have also one of the official reports. Just this one single report reports the location of the town, how many were slain and at the bottom they total up 363,000 I believe 211. The military hierarchy was reporting to their seniors how many they had slain in those places. Now it's not even within the human capacity of our minds to grasp what could possess a leader Hitler himself or Stalin whatever. Now we talk about the Holocaust. Let me just tell you friends, there were more Ukrainians more Ukrainians were starved to death by stalling than died of the Jewish people of the six million in in Europe. &gt;&gt; But you never hear about it. You never hear about it because they don't have the same drive. They don't have the same capacity. They don't have and why I would say because they are not responsible for having brought the word to the world. That's why the world they're hated of the world and because they had a rejection of Jesus Christ. He came to his own and his own received him not. And because Jesus said, "Your house is left to you desolate." &gt;&gt; And desolate means uninhabited. &gt;&gt; You will not be identifiable as a people anymore. When Jesus just spoke that little phrase and how I spoke to you here not long ago, God doesn't have to say very much before it ripples out through all of history. &gt;&gt; And he just said, "Your house is left to you desolate and it's been 2,000 years of desolation, but in the end time I'll gather you back again. In the end time, I'll do certain things and no nation will be able to stop it. On this Thursday, the 27th, leaders from around the world are going to be gathering at a celebration of the liberation of those people. I wouldn't want to distract you, but I'd like you young people. I'd like you to have seen the pictures I have on my PowerPoint of the boys and girls behind the barb wire that managed to survive. They're some of the survivors in their strip uniforms. And I wouldn't show it in church, but they have the bodies stacked like just so much wood, piled high of bodies of men and women, mothers. I have the witness of one woman speaking in front of the camera who was taken and she had her child about three four year old girl and when she came the officer separated her from the child she went and stood over there and they shot her child right here in front of her. But while that was happening, the Pope in the Vatican knew it was happening. In fact is they proved that some of it was happening within 200 yards of the Vatican. But he was silent, &gt;&gt; never said a word. All that power. Furthermore, other nations also became aware. America become aware, Canada become aware, other nations become aware, but there was no voice raised up. No voice. They remained silent and never said anything. But 60 years down the road, they all are congregating there. dignitaries and monarchs. President Putin will be there. The armies of the Soviet Union arrived to Awitz first. And now there's going to be an intense celebration on Thursday. And of course you know that the Vatican must be represented because of this great force that is bringing about the unity. They must be represented. A harlot system that held their peace &gt;&gt; now is going to celebrate while they held their peace back there. Now they're going to revel in the liberation. That's not the paradox. Are you listening to me? &gt;&gt; Are you following my thought? &gt;&gt; Are you seeing it from a spiritual perspective? A prophet declared that they would that they would indeed bring this unifying force. This force is so powerful. &gt;&gt; It's a beast system. &gt;&gt; And so the Vatican is sending a cardinal. The cardinal happens to be Jewish. He was converted to Catholicism when he was 15. He has named Cardinal Jean Marie Lustiger of Paris as a special envoy to the commemoration of the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Awitz Burkanau death camp in Poland. and he is born in 1926 to a Jewish family of Polish origin. His mother was deported during the Nazi occupation and died in Awitz. A convert to Catholicism in 1940. He's a well-known of promoter a well-known promoter of dialogue between Catholics and Jews. About 10,000 people will attend on January the 27th. Former deportes from all over the world will be present, especially from Israel, Russia, Ukraine, Bellarus, and Hungary. And some 30s 30 countries will be represented at the ceremony. 14 heads of state from from Russia, from Israel, from Germany, from Poland and on and on. And two monarchs will attend. Here's the paradox. Massive paradox here. All these nations are gathering to celebrate that all these people were liberated. The world sat in their little enclave and said, "All right." They tried to go back to their own land and those same nations wouldn't allow them to go back and held them off the shores of their own land and sent them into another concentration camp. Right. &gt;&gt; I I need you to see that these people suffered not because they were bad people, but because they carried a certain testimony. &gt;&gt; They were accountable. They suffered just because they were born Jews. &gt;&gt; But they suffered also because it's written here &gt;&gt; that it would be your house will be left to you desolate. I would like to I feel so exercised and so energized. I'm trying to contain myself. But if you could see the pictures that I have seen over the years and have in my files and on the one hand I would take the words of the son of man Jesus Christ and say show you a picture of utter desolation and say your house is left to you desolate. And then I could come over here quickly to the voice of the same son of man through his prophet messenger and say tender hand of Jehovah &gt;&gt; and show you another slide and say your house is left to you desolate and on the same slide say tender hand of Jehovah &gt;&gt; and you couldn't I had difficulty I looked at it myself and said, "Tender hand of Jehovah." Tender hand of Jehovah. And to look at those scenes, I could say, "Your house is left to you desolate." But it was hard to say, "Tender hand of Jehovah." to look at those emanciated bodies and say, "Tender hand of Jehovah, I was going to do it for you, but I didn't think it was appropriate." And the world went on as nothing happened. it continued on and say, "Oh, we're way back there." Yes, but let me tell you what's happening right at this very moment. Those same nations that will be gathered there at this present time, while they say, "Oh, we celebrate your liberation." Liberation to go where? &gt;&gt; Liberation to do what? I have no farm. I have no business. I have no family left. What have you liberated me to? to go where? We don't have a land. We don't have a place. Some of the survivors that just sit in front of a camera and it's called witness. They said one of the hardest things is when they were liberated, they went back to their towns in various places in in Poland. Some of them talking about going back in Poland and the town's people who've been their friends, who they went to school with and were raised with and worked with and were their associates and was their neighbors said to them they should have finished their job. &gt;&gt; Said we couldn't believe that we weren't received home. &gt;&gt; This is our home. Because God has spoken through the mouths of Jesus Christ, your house has left you desolate, uninhabited. You have no place. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'll scatter you to the four winds. I'll scatter you to the four corners. And he did. &gt;&gt; But I'll come to the paradox. Those same nations are exercising all of the same demonic power upon that little homeland, saying, "Give it up. We set you free, but give up what you do have. &gt;&gt; Brother Don, do we just have that? I wanted just to show you just the land in relationship. You all know this, but I thought it would be perhaps fitting at this moment. And I'm not going to be much longer. Can we dim the lights, please? This is Egypt. The size of it, Jordan, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia. There's Israel. 20,770 square kilometers. They're saying give it up these nations that are there celebrating. I suppose trying to make a statement we had something to do with liberating you, sending you back. But at the same time, while the one event is happening, the other is also taking place. didn't shut it off. Thank you. When I was in Israel, I found that the people's hands were hanging down. And while we were there, there was a blast and two policemen were killed. Young men like you young men that are here. And the one policeman, he suspected the girl coming, had a pack sack on. He knows he's walking right to his death. He walked up to her and would before she could come to the bus waiting station and said, "Can I see your identification papers?" She became agitated, said, "Open up your bag." And when the other young policemen saw that he was having a little bit of difficulty, they expected trouble. And they know what happens every few days. So he ran up to be buddy to his friend and help him. And she blew herself up, killed him. And the other one was rushed to the hospital and he died as well. Say, "Well, this is rather gruesome." Let me tell you what, friends. I decided that today this congregation was going to have another look at the time clock &gt;&gt; and that this congregation is going to see where the Jews are where they are right now. They're not merely a distressed nation, but they're almost being dispossessed again. And the whole world needs to turn against them. And the whole world has turned against them. And even within themselves, for the first time, they admit within themselves, they've got such division and strife within themselves. They've become enemies with one another. And Rabbi Richmond, whose young son, I was going to show him on the screen. They sent us a picture. He's he's on a special forces in the IDF, the Israeli Defense Forces. And they said that he's going to disobey the orders. And there's a lot of them. They just can't because they're of the initial spirit that gave the nation birth. We cannot &gt;&gt; accept that we're going to tear our own people off of their own homes and they're going to destroy them. They're going to explode them and blow them up and bulldoze them down. Where people with their bare hands etched out a little bit of a life on the desert to claim and they what they believe is they believe what is in the scripture concerning that basin. They believe it and they're going to tear the believers off. Going to haul them out of their place and off of their own inheritance. I can tell you friends, we're at a very, very strange hour that we're in. And I don't know exactly how I heard it was one week ago tomorrow that I heard that this event was taking place. I let it rest for a day and then I said uh to my wife, I need to go to that celebration. I immediately began myself. I didn't ask anyone. I began to see if there's any possibility of flights and more impossible yet would be a room and I'll be very very quick with you. And I began to email I emailed the authorities and told them what we were and just a little bit in a few lines. Please help us if you can. I emailed into Israel to Colonel Yen Vered. Colonel Yen Vered had introduced me. I just want you to see some years ago to a man by the name of Ari Shibi. Ari Shibi was the head headman. He was the consul for the state of Israel's tour office of tourism in Toronto a few years ago just prior about two weeks ago has no connection to what I'm speaking to you and no connection with this celebration. I had gotten a call here at the office from the uh Department of Tourism for the for is government of Israel from Toronto and from a man by the name his his secretary Ellen was calling and said she'd like to make an appointment for the consul of tourism who's now in Toronto. His name is Danny Shahal. He's coming to Vancouver and he'd like to meet with uh Reverend Biscoll. would that be possible? That was this last Wednesday. So we said, well, yes, that will be possible. And they phoned back and said, are there some others? And I said, yes, we can have some others from the office and brother Tony and my brother Dier and so on, brother Tom and whoever is here. We'll just sit down with him and we don't know what he wants. So in the meantime, then this c this liberation anniversary came. So I called him. I had never talked to him. I called him. I said, "We need your help. I feel to go and I want to be there." And uh the website was not even accepting any more invitations. I called brother John Briner who has some connection with some publications and I said, "Can you get me a press ID so I can get up close to some of these events?" and uh uh and then when we went and discovered that that it had been closed, applications have been closed on the 10th of January. You haven't got any possibility. So, we heard that uh uh that the one hotel I called one of the head officers of the hotel. They said, "Well, has this got something to do with the celebration, the anniversary?" I said, "Yes, it does." So, they said, "Oh, then we can give you rooms." And I was so happy that we got rooms. and I got rooms that was going to take brother Michelle to do uh video and also brother Tony I felt it needed some help and so then they phoned back the next morning the same hotel and said you can't have the rooms because you are not you must you must submit a document that you're part of the official delegations and then I called Mr. Shahal back Danny Shahal and I said the head the head man is in Moscow. Uh will you phone him? And he said well uh he said okay if you want me to phone him I can try to phone him. And uh uh he didn't phone him. Tony phoned him and he didn't really want to even help us or talk to us and he did take our name but he said there's no possibility. So then I was led to the head of the Jewish Congress here in Vancouver and he says,"Well, we're having a meeting on Tuesday night. Can you come?" So we It was an information meeting, but it didn't have anything to do with this this c this celebration, this anniversary, but I he made me to believe that it was. It could have been my mistake. And we went and uh uh you know, we we we met some people and so on so forth, but they're not attending this. They're not part of this delegation in the meantime. And this now I just jumping back and forth that I hope you're able to follow with me. In the meantime, I was in I got email back and forth with Colonel Yen Vered. He said, "I've been in touch with Ari Shib and Ari Shib's very close friend. Ari Shibi has moved up now in the office of the tourism department for the state but his friend is actually the minister in the Chiron government and he is uh he's in charge of tourism for the state and so uh Ari Shibby when he was here something happened which I'll just explain to you now some of these things happen which we uh don't feel to say much about but he he called me it was after our trip to Israel the when 116 of us went and he called me he says I'm going to I'm I'm going to go to Vancouver and we're having maybe about 200 people and these are leaders and churches and pastors and so on I would like you to uh speak about your trip there so it was fine so he said just ask for me Ari Shibby when you come to the hotel bank banquet room and I walked in and the girls were there registering I said where's Mr. Aribby. He Oh, he says, "I'm Ari." And I said, "Well, I'm Pastor Bisco." And oh, he says, "Here, here, I'm I want you to sit at the head table with us." And uh so Tom and Joanne were there and and uh I he said, "You can bring it bring someone else if you want." And so we sat there uh at the head table and there was the head of LL Airlines and uh uh one of the senior executives from Air Canada and so on so forth. So then I got another call from him and he says, "I'm going to be in Vancouver." He said, "I'd like to just have lunch with you." So I went into Vancouver and I had lunch with Ari Shibby. And then some time went by and he called me again. He said, "I'm going to be in Vancouver." He said, "I just have a I'm going to be there for a short time, but could we have lunch together again?" I said, "Well, it'd be I'd be very happy if we can." So I went into Vancouver and it just the two of us. Now it was unofficial. Now, it was like a friendto friend basis. And I began to speak to him out of my heart about Israel. What God? and he looked across that little table and his eyes just become not filled with tears but his eyes became watery as I spoke to him of God's promise and our faith and our absolute irrevocable in assurance that God will keep his promise to Israel. He said, "You don't know what that does. You don't know what that means." He said, "You speak even like Jews don't speak." You know, he said something along that order. And he said, I I wanted to let you know I'm leaving Canada and I'm going back to Israel. Said, oh, but he said, you know, and now he became he came out. He began to speak out of his soul. He said, I I want to live in Jerusalem. Oh, I just want to live in Jerusalem. My wife wants to live in Tel Aviv, but I want to live in Jerusalem. And uh he moved to Jerusalem, but I didn't know he went higher up in the department. And here we are these years later and Colonel Yenv who's a very close friend of his called him and now he's a close friend with the minister in within the government and the minister in the government called the embassy in Warsaw who's his name is Yasi that consulate is Yasi Levy and said these people they they need some assistance when you get there they want to travel there and he called uh a doctor Rousk who is a he's a excuse me a director of the Judeica Foundation in Krakow and said these people are friends of Israel and we we need we need you to meet them to help them and to put them in contact with survivors and he said I'd just be more than delighted to do that and then he emailed me and I emailed him back and that is all of that happened within about 3 days and I thought that the congregation should know I wasn't going to say anything to I decided I wouldn't say anything and I had the rest of my subject from last Sunday to speak and I felt so compelled that we need to look at the time piece we need to have a look and I felt so burdened for so many in the message that don't look at but listen friends whether whatever you think about me is irrelevant But I feel that that's the mission. &gt;&gt; That's one of the mission of this congregation &gt;&gt; is to hold forth this message to whoever whoever God sends before you or whoever God puts in contact with me. I believe we need to hold forth this message before them. And so what the rest of this next week, we're going to go out uh tonight and we'll be there this week and then brother Andrew Novakowski. He said, "A friend of mine has become a mayor of a city nearby." And he contacted him and the mayor of that city. Uh he said, "Brother Andrew said, this is my pastor and he's taking some associates. They need to be there. They need to have some official status so they can get in." And that man when I walked into the church this morning, they have a they have a small delegation of about six or seven people and he's requiring that at least one of them give up their invitation for the official status and that they give it to myself. And I tell you what, I don't know if I want to do that to that person. But that that was just in fact as brother Andrews just been interpreting it, translating it. That and that invitation just came on the facts when I came into church this morning. You say, "What is God doing?" I don't know. But I can tell you one thing. God has put us very close to what our prophet said was God's time piece. And quite frankly, I'm quite happy to be close to the watch. &gt;&gt; Quite happy. I'm quite happy to be having another look at the clock. &gt;&gt; And I'm quite pleased because it just tells me, it tells me that he won't leave us alone. He won't leave us on uh uh he he won't leave us in ignorance. And as brother Brandham said to the people, I he wanted the people to be informed. And I feel that that's the very least that I can do. And I hope that you're able to understand. I think that God has just given us the right kind of people. We became so concerned about security. They said that uh there's going to be 3,000 extra police that have been employed to handle the security for all of these dignitaries and these uh heads of state. And I felt, well, we got a staff sergeant of the RCMP here in the congregation. Let's use him. Not like that. Brother Sean, we appreciate Everybody has a a place. I said to Brother Shawn, can you give me a letter? Can you give me I wanted to have it on RCMP. I haven't read it yet, but he wrote it to me and handed it here. I might have to use that. Brother Sean, carry that right in front of me. Say, I've already got some clearance from someone in good standing. I expect, I don't know, we might just come back and say all the doors were shut. But I can tell you one thing, God was in control, is in control, and will be in control. And I felt I needed to ask you for your prayers such as never before. We don't know who we're to speak to. But I became very conscious. So these survivors, some that have survived, they're not going to be here in just a very short time. They won't live probably for another celebration of any kind. And when I begin to see I don't know, friends, brother Brandham said God's in nature. Can I have just about two minutes? Amen. &gt;&gt; And this may not have any relationship whatsoever. I wouldn't make a doctrine out of this. And I hope the people on the internet understand. The scripture says that God has no pleasure in the death of the wicked. But nevertheless, the wicked do perish. And good people perish. But I I just couldn't help but put a couple things together. 40 years 40 years since this great mo monstrous organization called the Vatican who was silent silent while they piled the bodies like cordwood and never said a word. And now they're going to be there to at this great celebration and not enough to stick the dagger in, but now twist it. We'll send a Jew who has become a Catholic to represent us. We'll twist the dagger and show you that one of your own has come to the top within the system. And then while the world is commemorating a pagan Christmas celebration in the world 40 years from an earthquake that Elijah had fortold would happen. 40 years later God rocks and vibrates the whole earth. And while they're celebrating the liberation and the stacking of those corpses, on the other side of the world, they're stacking corpses by the thousands. And Indonesia just said the 70some thousand that we have as missing, we have put to the list of those dead, putting the total up around 220ome thousand that are gone. And the whole world is all tsunami humanitarian aid. The whole world the whole world &gt;&gt; and that whole world remains silent. What a paradox. I can't I are are you thinking are you following my thought here? They are over there celebrating you. You were free 60 years ago while corpses were being. Why don't they repent &gt;&gt; and said, "We repent for our silence. &gt;&gt; We grieve for our silence. &gt;&gt; You've suffered enormously. What can we do for you now? Take away your land? &gt;&gt; Can we help you?" &gt;&gt; No, it can't be because your prophet declared, "Every government is of the devil. That's right. &gt;&gt; And they can't be loyal to God's promise and God's word. &gt;&gt; And while those nations did not and refuse to hear their cry, God said, "I have heard their cry." &gt;&gt; And that's what that's what moved me. That's what inspired me. I said, "God heard their cry. The man did not hear their cry, but God heard their cry." And God said, "I have come down to deliver them." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's uniting time, my brother, my sister. Nations are uniting. And that great harlot system is uniting her daughters together. And na and Israel's back in her homeland. We see that. Oh, we've heard that years ago, but we never had ever in history 160 rabbis coming back to the mother church and and and tell them thanks. Thanks for what? &gt;&gt; Thanks because you held your peace. Thanks because you allowed millions of us to be slaughtered. Thanks for what? Thanks that you're giving us some scrolls that belong to us in the first place. Thanks because you've got our artifacts that you stole out of our temple. &gt;&gt; Wretched thieves. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Wretched they are. And God's going to destroy her. &gt;&gt; And the Holocaust will be kindergarten stuff to what's going to happen to her. And the angels of God and the sons and daughters of God are going to rejoice when this wickedness is done with. It's going to happen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; It's going to happen exactly as the word of God has said. So, &gt;&gt; you believe it? &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads in thanksgiving. Father, we're filled with thanksgiving that you have given us such a word. Yet, you have made it so quickened to us. Lord, I don't even know what's happening. things are happening. It's taking place so quickly and thoughts are passing through my mind. Events and your prophet said, "You watch nature and we're watching it." And you watch this and we're watching it. We're watching the events and we're watching it in the light of the word that you sent. Lord, you've given us a church full of people here today. And I pray that each one of them will be nipped with the vision, oh God, that you have given. Not my vision, but the vision that comes from the message of the hour. Oh Lord, let us not be satisfied to live out our little lives in a comfort zone. But may we come forward and say, "Oh God, use me. Whatever I can do for you and for the kingdom of God, use me. Use our resources. Use our energy. Use our life." Lord Jesus, as I felt this morning in prayer to offer this congregation and myself in a new dedication &gt;&gt; as a sacrifice. Will you receive the sacrifice? Lord, &gt;&gt; we offer ourselves. &gt;&gt; Let us all stand. And if you feel that way in your heart, say, "Lord, my life, whatever value there is to it, I want to offer it as a sacrifice. May it be a sweet smelling savor in your nostrils, I offer it as a sacrifice to you right now. And I'm seeking to realize the hour that we're living in. Oh God, help me to catch what has been spoken today. Let it be a reality to me, oh God. Oh, Father, the signs are all around us. The signs are everywhere. Truly, nations are breaking and Israel's awakening. These are the times that the prophets are foretold. Lord Jesus, I pray that you'll take and illuminate every heart, illuminate every mind. May we be so conscious throughout this day, oh God, as our brother Lance comes this evening, Father, anxious to hear your word, Lord, what you've laid on his heart over these weeks. Oh God, we need to hear from your throne. We need to constantly be moved and moving by the fulfillment of your word. &gt;&gt; I pray that you'll bless all that are within the sound of my voice today, the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Nations are breaking. Israel awaking. The signs that the prophets foretold. The Gentiles days number with horrors and cumber. Eternity soon will unfold. [Music] The day of redemption is here. Men's hearts are fed [Music] with the spirit. Your laps trained and clean. Look up. Your redemption is near. The course once again. The day of redemption is near. Men's hearts are failing for fear. Oh, be filled with the spirit. Your laugh and clear. Look up. Your redemption is here. Oh, the day of redemption is here. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Men's hearts are failing for fear, but be filled with the spirit. Your lamp send. &gt;&gt; Oh, look up. Your redemption is &gt;&gt; And I say to this congregation in the name of the Lord, look up. &gt;&gt; Your redemption isn't only near. is here. &gt;&gt; Your redemption is here. [Music] &gt;&gt; And life went on. &gt;&gt; But don't forget what was spoken today. &gt;&gt; You'll go to work. You'll go to your places of responsibility, but don't forget where the Jew is. &gt;&gt; You'll go to school, but don't forget they were going to school when these great signs were taking place. They were having further education. They were having church services. They were feeling the spirit and the anointing and all these kind of things. Right? While God was sending his great signs upon the earth, I say to your church, don't be don't be in darkness. Don't be ignorant concerning these great things that are happening. And I believe as we look to the nature and as we look to Israel and as we look to what's happening in the bride of Jesus Christ, all I can say it must be the time for us to look up. Our redemption is even nearer than it's ever been before. &gt;&gt; So what if it goes on? So what if it does? People lived their life out while the signs were happening and they fell like rats. They fell like just animals. They felt like just flesh in the fields. But the believer, there's some that died in the faith. And the scripture says those that are asleep in Christ &gt;&gt; shall awake. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. If I never come behind this pulpit again, I want to declare in the name of Jesus Christ by his grace, the amazing grace which the girls, the sisters sang about by us unmarited favor. But we're not worthy. I'm not worthy to even be called a servant or a son of God. But by his grace, he elected it. &gt;&gt; And that's the only thing I can stand on is his election. Amen. &gt;&gt; He chose it. &gt;&gt; He chose you. &gt;&gt; The day of redemption is right here upon us. The day of redemption is near. Men's hearts are failing for me. &gt;&gt; Oh, be filled with the spirit [Music] and clear. Look out, your redemption is near. Let's offer ourselves. I wonder, Linda, if we could sing All That I Have. all that I ever will be. You might want to raise your hand, represent what's in your heart, &gt;&gt; just in sweetness to him now. And we'll close all that All I am all [Music] the I surrender Our [Music] blessed father God, [Music] by your grace we stand here. By your grace we have been gathered and united to yourself. By your calling, by your predestination, by your predestination and by your own calling, we have been justified and sanctification. Lord, you have set our mind in order for sanctification. You have sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise each of your own, each of us that stand here today. You're the one that baptizes with the Holy Ghost and with fire. Continue to move in each of our lives. Oh Lord, continue to move upon the heart, &gt;&gt; upon all who are now under the sound of my own voice. Lord, wherever they may be, whatever country they might be. But for us that stand here today, oh Lord, we're just setting aside this entire day, making ourselves ready, oh God, for what further you would say to us this evening. Refresh us, Lord. And Lord, we sang all that I have and all that I am. From our heart, take us, oh God. There's nothing in this world worth serving. There's nothing in this world worth living for, but we give it to you now unreservedly. I ask your blessing upon each one and dismiss us now in the grace and in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I just dismiss you, encourage you to refresh yourself and be back in good time this evening for the message that our brother Lance will have for us. God bless you. You're dismissed. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Ah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Here [Music] is my Lord. [Music] Here [Music] I am. [Music] [Music] really. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] about [Music] time to
