################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2007-12-19 - v07 1219 What More Could Have Been Done-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2007-12-19
Title:    v07 1219 What More Could Have Been Done-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYFkvyY1dUk
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Think [Music] about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. So great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, think about his love. Just think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] So great of our father's love. Amen. God bless you all this evening. Let's stand and uh turn to number 568. All hail the power of Jesus name. [Music] Oh, hail the power of Jesus name. Let angels cross. [Music] Bring forth the royal dam and round him Lord of all. Bring forth our royal dam and him lord of all chosen seed of Isra from the fall. Hail him who saves you by his grace and crown him Lord of all. Hail him who saves you by his grace and crown him Lord of all. Let every kindred, every tribe on this rest will fall. To him all that you see us right and crown him. Lord of all to him all majesty and crown him Lord of all. Oh that with yonder s we add this deepening fall will join the everlasting song and proud [Music] of all will join the everlasting rock and crown. Lord of all. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, that with yonder sacred throne we at his feet may fall. That just sounds good to me. Let's sing that once more time. One more time. Oh that with yonder sing we at his feet may fall with a joy the everlasting throne and round him will join the everlasting Come and crown him Lord of all the first. Oh hail the power of Jesus sing. Let angels prosper. Bring forth the royal dam and crown him Lord of all. Bring forth the royal and all. &gt;&gt; Amen. I need no other argument. I need no other plea. It is enough that Jesus died, that he died for me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; My faith has found a resting place. My faith has found a resting place, not in norall. [Music] I need no other argument. I need no other place. It is enough that Jesus died and that he died for me for thatus. This is my fear and doubt. A sinful soul I come to him. He'll never cast me out. I need no other argument. I need no otherus [Music] and that he died for me. My heart is leaning on the word, the living word of God. Salvation by my name. Salvation through his blood. I need no other argument. I need no other. It is enough that Jesus died and that he died for me. My great heals the sick the lost. He came to save me. [Music] For me his life he gave. I need no other argument. I need no other. It is enough that Jesus died and that he died for me. &gt;&gt; I need no other arguments. I need no other. [Music] It is that Jesus died and that he died for me. I need no other argument. I need no otherus [Music] and he died for me. Amen. Be it unto me according to your word, according to your promises. &gt;&gt; Be it unto me according to your word, &gt;&gt; according to your promises. I can stand guard upon my heart. The truth that sets me free according to your word unto me. it unto me according to your word, according to your promises. I can stand [Music] upon my arms. The truth that sets me free. according to your word. [Music] Amen. It's according to his word and we've heard his word. We know what that word says. Amen. That he hears and answers our prayer. I want to go to prayer tonight. Brother Dier, if you'd come and just open the service in a word of prayer. We have a request for a brother from Ohio. He has serious complications due to diabetes as well as a heart condition. Please pray for both spiritual and physical healing. As well, brother Cucon phone and ask for prayer. So, we just want to remember these. Amen. Whatever need that you have, the Lord knows our needs. Amen. Let's just sing it one more time. [Music] Be it unto me according to your word according to your promises. I can stand Lord carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to your word [Music] to me. Let's pray together. Our most gracious heavenly father, it's a grand privilege for us tonight to stand before you again, Lord, knowing that you're the one who have ordained this gathering from before the foundation of the world. Father, we are tonight in expectation of what you have in store for us, oh God, believing that it is your word that we're found in tonight. For you declare that forsake not the assembling of yourself much more as you see that day approaching. And tonight we have not forsaken the assembling of ourselves. We have come, oh God, so willingly and so desirous to have an encounter with the living God, knowing that man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceed from the throne and the mouth of God. So tonight our eyes are fixed upon you, great one, knowing that you are sufficiency and are all in all, knowing that you never failed us yet, oh God, and you'll not be guilty tonight of a breach of promise. our God will keep his word toward those that expect him to do so, Father. So, we come asking that you'll move among us once again. That you'll renew our spiritual energy tonight. That you'll visit us, oh God, each one in our place of duty tonight, coming to pull upon the word. coming in faith and expecting to receive from you, Lord, knowing that we'll not go out empty, Father, but we'll go rejoicing with a testimony that our hearts did burn within us. Oh God, as you spoke to us along the way, anoint your servant tonight, Father, knowing that it's not by might nor by power. It is by your spirit alone. So take the man's servant and remove the human element, Lord, and let the divine portion drop down from heaven that he'll be nothing but a reflector of the light that come from your throne and that he may shine down upon our hearts, oh God, and bring the change that we're looking for. But we want to go from glory unto glory until we stand, Father, in that new body that you promised to us, Lord. That's the reason of our gathering tonight. So we want you to have your preeminence today. Just move among us in an unusual manner. Touch every heart, Father, and bring comfort to the discouraged and healing to those that are sick. Father, even the prayer requests that were read tonight, we lay our hands upon them. Father, this brother with diabetes complication, we know that you're the great physician, the sympathizing Jesus. We invite you on the sin. Father, let your healing virtue go and visit him at his place, oh God, that he may receive a healing touch from you and our brother Mike Cooken tonight. We ask that you'll remember him also, Lord. And each one of us here tonight, Lord, where various need, but you're mindful of them, Father. So, we just ask that you'll have your way among us, that your great name once again will be admired among the congregation, Lord. That you just have an unusual way to move, Lord. Father for you move in mysterious way your wonders to perform. This meeting is dying. We simply commit it to you father asking that you'll have the preeminence that you lead and guide in all things. Bless each son and daughter tonight. Even the stranger and the visitors among us. Remember them all. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Have your seats. Amen. We want to welcome brother Greg and sister Beatus are visiting from Denver, Colorado. Glad to have you. And I see the uh see the wicks back there. So, it's good to have you as well and all that are visiting with us. Let's uh let's sing number 443. Sounds like home to me. Amen. That sounds like home to me. Like where I want to be. There'll be no tears to dim our eyes again. The hills will echo with the story as we sing of his praise and glory where the saints of God will be. That sounds like home to me. Oh, that sounds like home to me. Like where I want to be, there'll be no tears to dim our eyes. [Music] The hills will echo in the story. As we sing of his praise and glory where the saints of God will be. That sounds like home to me. &gt;&gt; Oh, that sounds like home to me. Like where I want to be. There'll be no tears to dim. [Music] The hills will echlor. [Music] The more that I surrender, [Music] the lighter my love. The more that I release my care, the more you take control, the more that I can hle myself the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, the lighter I know, the more that I release my hand, the more you take control, the more that I lift me up. Every day I give more. [Music] The more that I surrender, the lighter I [Music] release my car. The more you take control, the more I hle myself. The more you lift me up, [Music] I love you more. that I surrender. The lighter my [Music] release, the more you take control, the more that I can hle [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; More I surrender. I'm sure the more we can surrender tonight, the &gt;&gt; more we'll receive. &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to be in the house of God. &gt;&gt; Good to be in expectation. &gt;&gt; Wonderful. I wonder we could maybe have you stand and I'd like to just sing we are standing on holy ground. Tom, [Music] I feel that whenever God's people get together, you know, they they have holy sites all over the world and different people have different places where they go and it's sacred or holy to them. There's been a lot of believers that have made their journey up to Sabina Canyon and different places and Sunset Mountain and whatever more. And they go to Israel. We go to Israel. We like to go to some special places. And I've been to the to the tomb and gone inside the tomb and was happy that it was empty. But the most sacred place is when a man or a woman or a young person meets God. I don't think I have no record in the scripture or any of the children of Israel ever went back to try to find the burning bush, but they had who had been in the burning bush with them. &gt;&gt; Friends, we got whoever was on Sunset Mountain. We got them right here. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We got them right here. &gt;&gt; Don't have to go any place. &gt;&gt; Find them tonight. Just talk to him tonight. Isn't that wonderful? &gt;&gt; Amen. We are standing on [Applause] [Music] [Applause] our angels all around us. Let us praise him our Jesus. [Music] We are standing in his presence. [Music] &gt;&gt; Just in a moment of prayer before we turn to the word. Father, it's such a delightful time when your people come together. We can stand with your word, the holy scriptures open before us. And as your prophet has said, any individual, any man with strength can turn the pages. Lord, we would be completely incapable of determining what is written on those pages unless by the Holy Spirit you come with a divine light and a divine utterance and speak oh God the very thoughts of God. Pray that you will make known to us Lord your word and what we need for this time and for this season. Bless this congregation, Lord, and all of the invisible congregation wherever they might be throughout the world and streaming. I pray, Lord, that they will be able to say yay and amen to your word also. And that you will come into that very room or place where they are. And may it be a great blessing to all the body bride of Jesus Christ. For your glory, we ask it. And we submit ourselves giving ourselves wholly unreservedly to you. be with my lips, Lord, that I may utter and say just what you would have spoken, and may it fall into good ground, yielded heart, surrendered to you, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, our beloved Savior, Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I had a phone call today from brother Roy Shrewsbury. I don't know just how old our brother Shrewsbury is, but he's he's up ahead of me quite a few years. He said, "Well, I just preached three times, I think you said, on Sunday. They had a morning service and then went to prison to He goes to the prisons." He has a marvelous, the most wonderful open door of any man I know in the prisons. And they just kept filling up the chapel. And he preached, I think, three services. And he has such a heart for the men. The men know him. And on on occasions, uh, he's had the officers and the warden of the prison told him because he goes into places amongst men that were violent men, murderers, and so on. And they even told him if if they seize you, we cannot help you. we can't do anything if they take you hostage in that particular if you if you choose to go amongst these these individuals and he said that's fine because he said they know that I love them and he goes and mingles amongst them he told me just the other day when he was there day before yesterday I think it was he said that he one man came to him after the service and he said I'm here for life I won't ever get out of here. He asked him, "How many of you men have children?" He said, "Almost everyone raised their hand." And he had such a heart to think those men are incarcerated and uh won't see their children, can't be around them during this Christmas season or any other season, but especially at this time. And so, let's pray for brother Roy Shrewsbury. We can't get in there, but he does. &gt;&gt; And I think he deserves our prayers. pray that God will so end him with the Holy Spirit in the presence that he may be able to bring those men into the presence of God. He doesn't know how many are receiving the Lord Jesus Christ in whatever measure they're able to understand, but there's very intelligent people and men and he's just around the men as that's where he goes and he's done it for years and I just say God bless him. He goes there every goes there every week and has as many services as is as possible. So I just say God bless our brother Roy Shrewsbury. And you know you're here. This is just a a Wednesday evening. We won't say just a Wednesday evening because there is no less important time when God is with his people. You have come. I I began to think and it kind of goes in line with my service tonight. Uh if it wasn't for the grace of God in your lives, who knows where you would be. &gt;&gt; Probably be some of you that may well be incarcerated. &gt;&gt; Some of you wouldn't be living. &gt;&gt; Satan would have cut your life off short. &gt;&gt; Your homes would be broken and children would be tore apart and who knows where you'd be. Some of you would be street people and who knows what condition we'd be in. But here we are &gt;&gt; by the grace of God. &gt;&gt; And it's not it's not something that we should only think about occasionally because every time God spoke to the children of Israel, he told them, "Remember, you are in you were in bondage. &gt;&gt; Remember, you were in bondage and I brought you out with a mighty hand. I brought you out." And that's what we want to keep in our thoughts and our minds. Amen. Thank God for redemption. Thank God for Christ. The world is remembering Christmas today, but we are remembering the Christ of Christmas. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're not confused about that at all. I don't know whether they made the announcement. Tomorrow night the school is having their Christmas uh presentation, whatever it is, songs and so on. And uh so everyone is invited to be there. We we hardly had enough room for everybody last year, but we'll make room somehow. And so you just come and it's it's delightful to see the purity and the sincerity of the children and the atmosphere that they've been raised in with the principal or brother Timberman's and the teachers. Each one of them I say God bless you. God bless you teachers and God bless all who are making this possible. Without you it wouldn't be possible. And you that give towards it, God bless you. I can tell you that it's a worthy cause. The school system today is filled with devils. &gt;&gt; You might as well know it. We know it. It's filled with devils. &gt;&gt; And you might as well hear it. If your children weren't being taught by the people that we have, there may well be some lesbian teaching them, &gt;&gt; some homosexual teaching them, some perverted vine teaching them, some darkened mind who knows nothing about God. Thank God we have Holy Ghost. filled men and women. &gt;&gt; Praise God. I sure appreciate your support. All right. Uh just uh this announcement will be on the board if you don't get it just now. This coming Sunday, December 23rd will be a morning service, an evening service. I'll be speaking in the morning and brother Tom Ray will be speaking in the evening. Uh Wednesday the 26th. Next Wednesday, there will be no service on Wednesday the 26th. And on Sunday, December the 30th, will be one service in the morning because then on Monday the 31st, service will start. Watch night service will start here at 9:00 and we'll go till we're done &gt;&gt; and that we'll go into the new year. So that service will be also in 207 and 208. We don't know just how long it'll go in 208, but we'll be here. And then Wednesday, uh, January the 2nd will be no service because our service will be Monday night and we'll be covering it. And then from, uh, January 2nd from then on will be our our regular time. So, if you didn't get all of those, that's fine. It'll be on the board back there. All right. If you'll take your Bibles and open them to the book of Isaiah, I want to uh read and keep your Bible handy because tonight I intend to uh read quite a bit of scripture and comment on it as we go through. Uh we're going to start with verse one of Isaiah 5 and read down through verse seven. May the Lord bless his word to our heart. Isaiah 5. Now I will sing of I will sing to my well-beloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard. My beloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill. Now, before we go any further, just so we get a understanding of what we're reading about, God says in verse uh seven, I believe that that his vineyard is the house of Israel. So, the descriptive language that is used here, God is speaking of his people, of his children, Israel. So he said, "Uh, my wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill, and he fenced it, and gathered out the stones thereof, and planted it with a choicest vine, and built a tower in the midst of it, and also made a wine press therein. And he looked that it should bring forth grapes, and it brought forth wild grapes." And now, oh inhabitants of Jerusalem and men of Judah, judge, I pray you betwixed me in my vineyard. What could have been done more to my vineyard than I have done in it? Wherefore when I looked uh that it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes, and now go to, I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will take away the hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up, and break down the wall thereof, and it shall be trotten down. And I will lay it waste. It shall not be pruned, nor digged, but there shall come up briars and thorns. I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain upon it. For the vineyard of the Lord is the house is the host of the house of Israel and the men of Judah his pleasant plant. And he looked for judgment, but behold oppression, for righteousness, but behold a cry. Amen. You may have your seats and please keep your Bible open and look at verse four just once again. What could verse four what could have been done more to my vineyard that I have not done to it? And this is what I want to take as a as a thought as a text tonight and a title of this uh service. What more could have been done? I don't want to start where I want to end. But if we bring that phrase, that title down to where we are right today in the age that we're in and the, you know, upon whom the end of the world has come and the and the uh incredible conditions that exist and that we have to face today. And yet, having said all of that, I say, what more could God have done? What more could he have done? Was there anyone else he could have sent? Was there any other spirit that could have come? Would there have been anything else, anything more that God could have done than he already did do? And I'd like to just add to that that I do not believe that God has any regrets. You know, all of us we as humans we have we live with regrets. Every once in a while we uh uh think about something some moment in our lives and we think about if I could have just done something more. if I could have just uh uh you know some regrets are very very difficult to deal with. I had a cousin and uh my cousin first cousin he had uh he had asthma I I I wasn't around him a lot. I wasn't around him when he was suffering a great deal. But I visited his wife some years ago and we stood in the kitchen and there Ukrainian Catholic people and of course as Catholic people they're very easily gripped by guilt and and I say that because I've had a lot of experience with that. Not myself personally but dealing with that. And uh we stood in the kitchen and she described how he came out and and and had this asthma attack and uh of course he'd had Manny. So she, you know, was not real instant upon maybe calling the ambulance or whatever. And before she could get help, he died. He died there on the kitchen floor. And she was living with regret. Uh, I I could have moved faster. I could have taken it more seriously. I should have It cost me his life. It cost me my husband. And I I tried to deal with her and tried to encourage her because, you know, just to get a person to realize you you you it will do you no good to try to live with that regret. Now, you'll only grind yourself down into a condition of perhaps sickness yourself. But she was living with that and had been living with that. Uh uh we all have had some regret. We if id only done more, if id only said this, if I'd only taken more seriously, if id if I could just do it over again. Uh when I was a young boy, I lived in a preacher's home. And he had a son and five children. And to my knowledge, only one of those only one of the five children even made real a real serious attempt to serve God. And I uh he went as a missionary, went to went to uh Taiwan, which was Formosa at the time. And when he came back, he was touring through and I was a young pastor at the time. And and I had him and his wife come and I spoke at the church. And then I met him just outside. Well, he I was almost more like a son to him. I think I was sometimes more of a son to him than his own son because he'd say, "Come on, Eddie." And he'd take a shotgun. He loved to go hunting ducks and things. And we'd go out someplace and and I was even conscious then, you know, he's not taking his son, but he's taking me and we go go out and uh uh along some sloohs or some swamps and and oh, he just loved to do that. Well, we I stepped out of the church and he's standing outside and there I am, you know, a boy that lived in his home and I'm pastoring a church now and he nice little congregation and he he just broke down. The people were all coming out shaking hands. He just broke down and began to weep and he he he just wept. He his shoulders shook and he looked at me and he said, "Oh," he called me Eddie, of course. He said, "Oh, Eddie." Oh. He said, "If I could only do it over again, if I could only do it over again, how different I would have done things." And there he is, a man in his senior years living with some regret. Who knows that's in his heart, but at that moment, whatever the scenario was, whatever he experienced in the service and just, you know, being there with myself, I guess he it all flooded of memories coming back and re regret it. And I can tell you one thing in the great mind of God, he has zero regrets about what he has done. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he gave his best. &gt;&gt; Every time he gave his best. That's why Jesus said to Israel, "I've sent you prophets, holy man. I've sent the best." That was the very best that God could do in every generation. &gt;&gt; And so I I want to think about that. What more could he have done? Now there's a a unique condition which exists in our time and the age I like to think about you know the days that you and I are living in. There's a unique condition that exists right now and uh happens to be amongst believers and that is because change change has taken place at such a rapid pace with at at this particular era of our time in the generation that we're living in and I know that everyone would agree that change has been so rapid has has taken place uh so quickly who can hardly keep a breast of it. So consequently, what we have in a congregation such as we are here this evening, we've got people, it used to be that maybe pioneers, you know, they perhaps farmed and pioneered with uh with horses or oxen or whatever more. And they would do that for centuries, centuries after centuries. But here we are. We've gone from the ox cart or from the horse and buggy to the to the astronaut age in one lifetime. &gt;&gt; Things have changed very very dramatically. And just in the people that are seated here tonight, there's people here that went with horse and wagon, people here who who you know walked for uh many many miles. people here who went to school maybe in log cabins and went to church as we have in log cabin churches and then and then uh things change so dramatically and so quickly and then you have a whole generation and they know nothing about that. They haven't experienced that. They were uh they've been born and you young people have been born in in homes that have been well provided for. And you step out of the house and step into a nice car or into a warm garage and you don't know anything about that perhaps that hardship that perhaps your parents or your grandparents went through and that all has happened so quickly. And so the question is and you'll see where I'm going in a few in a few minutes. The question is, how do we have a sense of appreciation? How do we appreciate what we have and where we're at? How do we appreciate both materially, but more spiritually? How do we appreciate the cost and and the the hardship that has gone into bringing us to where we are today? We've gone from sparse humble beginnings and hardship in just a not very many years from sparse hardship sparse meager beginnings to plenty in a short period of time. We've come from uh we've gone from as I said a moment ago horse and buggy to jet age. We've we're in a day of inventions which are taking place so quickly and so rapidly that we can scarcely keep track of things. We are at a place where today you can walk into the mall or wherever you want and uh or spiritually pick whatever kind of church you want. You can go from a little wee group in a house or to some mega church with thousands and thousands of people. Just whatever taste a person has, you can gratify your your you know your desire. Whatever pleasure a person desires, it's out there for them. &gt;&gt; You agree with me? &gt;&gt; All right. I just want you to keep following along. And so there are those that have been born and raised in this time and I think it's extremely difficult to perhaps uh relate to the times that uh were uh uh of more difficulty and the times to relate to the times of hardship. Now you might say well why are we you know why are we speaking about this? This doesn't seem to be maybe something of depth in the in the message. Well, I'll tell you, it's very, very deep because God has made a number of references in the scripture, and I'm going to go to them, and they're were really lengthy in the in the scripture reading, so I won't be able to read them all, but God details, and he always tells the people of how he found them and the condition they were in and how he how he conducted them and how he prospered them and how he blessed their fields and blessed their cattle and bless their households. And he's he's reiterating he's reminding them of where they came from and how they got to where they are. And then he and in more than one place he says, "But you forgot. &gt;&gt; You forgot." &gt;&gt; And so God gave the people, he gave them a a an actual a a I would say almost like a recipe. I'm going to have you turn with me to Deuteronomy, the book of Deuteronomy and the and the sixth chapter. I hadn't intended to go here just yet, but I I feel that I will. And we're going to start reading at the first verse. Now, now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments which the Lord your God commanded to teach you to teach you that you might do them in the land whether you go to possess it. So now he's starting off immediately, I'm just going to make comments as I go along. starting off uh immediately that they uh uh that they should teach the commandments and the the statutes of the Lord. And now down through verse three, he's talking about the position that the word should have. And that thou mightest fear the Lord thy God to keep all his statutes and his commandments which I command thee, thou and thy son. Now he's extending it beyond just the parents. Thou and thy son and thy son's son on down to the grandchildren all the days of thy life and that thy days may be prolonged. Hear therefore, O Israel, and observe to do it, that it may be well with thee, and that you may increase mightily, as the Lord God of thy fathers hath promised thee, in the land that flowth with milk and honey. So now just uh you can give me your attention for just a moment. So he's telling them that the land is a land of milk and honey, and indeed it was a land of plenty, a land of milk and honey. So now you must understand right away that I am not saying well because uh you know you've been raised in uh a place where you you haven't uh particularly gone hungry. You haven't uh maybe uh maybe you're not in want. But it doesn't mean that others even in your in your time have not been in want or it it's but it's nothing against the individual. you know, we we you sit in a fine church. Uh uh fine. It's it's not it's not a negative on you. It's nothing uh it's no mark against an individual that you might have things rather easy. But it is a mark against an individual if they're not mindful of what brought them to that place. &gt;&gt; We need to be mindful constantly. And that's why God is saying to the children of Israel, you keep this before your sons and before your son's sons. You keep this in the home. And watch where we go on down to verse four. Here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy might. And these words which I command thee this day shall be in thy heart. They shall be in thy heart, and thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sitest in thine house. Do you hear it? &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Thou shalt talk about these things when you sit in your house, and when thou walst by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou riseest up. Now, God is not wasting his breath and speaking this through Moses to the children of Israel because this is a secret and this is a key in order. If you have these things before you constantly and you're speaking about them and they're they're in your home and they're on the doorposts and wherever more and the people are constantly having this before them, then they will acquire a an appreciation. It won't be something strange to them. They'll realize what it cost to bring this message to them. what it cost and that others are less uh they're less uh you know they're not as benefited. They're less they're less privileged than perhaps you are. And so because there's a danger there's a danger if everything just becomes so humdrum so common. Oh uh you know the world owes me a living. No the world doesn't owe anybody a living. The fact that we have things the way we have, it's not a negative against you. It's not a mark against you. But if we forget where it came from, if we forget and become unappreciative and unthankful, then it is a mark against us and God is displeased. And I show you in the scripture where he became angry with the people because they forgot the God that brought all of these this goodness upon them. They just revel in the goodness. Oh, everything is so good. Everything's so wonderful. I must be so blessed of God. We're so blessed of God. That's true. But that attitude takes a person away from the real character that God loves. And that's a character where a person loves God with all their heart. You can't love him if you just are uh reveling in all the good things that God We We get like spoiled children. &gt;&gt; You know what's the next good thing that's going to happen? Well, you know, where's the next good thing with with no conscience of what this cost and what people went through and what the others uh endured to bring us to this place. &gt;&gt; I hope I can make it clear and I hope you can receive it. And then we'll just go on a few more u verses here. He says, "And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thy hand, and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes, and thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house, and on thy gates. And it shall be when the Lord thy God shall have brought thee into the land uh which he swear unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities." See, he wants to give that which thou buildest not. And notice please now verse 11. And houses full of all good things which thou fillest not, and wells which thou digest not, and vineyards and olive trees which thou plantest not. When thou shalt have eaten, and be full, then beware, lest thou forget. &gt;&gt; See where it comes? immediately after houses that you didn't fill, &gt;&gt; vineyards that you didn't plant, uh wells that you didn't dig, and all of these things. And when you've received it and you've eaten, and you're full, and everything has just come relatively easy, then beware. &gt;&gt; See, beware lest thou forget the Lord. not necessarily forget where it all came from, but forget the Lord because it all came from him. &gt;&gt; And beware, lest thou forget and forget the Lord which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage. See where he's gone? He's gone all all the way back from all of this plenty all the way back to the place of bondage. He wanted the people, he wanted the fathers to tell the children and keep it before the mind. And I believe it's up to the preachers as well. Keep it before the people that this word did not come to us easy on easy street. &gt;&gt; Very we need to be very conscious of it. Came through hardship and and brother Brandham talks I've got the quote a little later on. I'll give it to you. I've gone through some many hard battles and it makes a way for you. But just because it makes a way for us, it's not that not that we should forget the hard battle that it caused. See, we've got a message. We've got a glorious message. Wells of water, but we didn't dig it. &gt;&gt; We didn't spend any backbreaking time. We didn't spend you didn't spend hours at night. When brother Bram talks about the time, the times that the night in prayer and wondering what what is this strange life that I have? Not a month, not a week, but even some for years. What is this? And God is doing it not for him, &gt;&gt; but for us. &gt;&gt; For us. We weren't the ones who, you know, labored over the tape recorders and packed them around and carried the tape recorders and hooked all the wires up so we could record every make sure there's a microphone and try and get it working and we know nothing. All we do is take a tape and stick it in and hit the switch. &gt;&gt; Are you getting my point? &gt;&gt; We didn't do anything about we've got two people here. a biggest part of their life. Brother and sister Andes, listening to these tapes and getting every comma in every quotation mark and every paragraph starting laboriously, week in and week out and month in and month out. this year, next year, 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, 35 years, and more. 35 years, a long time. You just sit here and go out there and just pick up a book and you're not thinking about what it took to dig that well. &gt;&gt; You're not thinking what it took. So, you can just lay your eyes on it and leave through it and say, "Well, I want that." But God remembers where it came from. God remembers even before they could do that the prayer, the groaning, the strain upon the man of God and the conditions that he was under and the resistance that was there and the and the spiritual warfare and the demons of hell that were throwing every gun and every everything they could, all armament against it. And yet someone has to get up with all that nervous state and deliver that word and preach it uncompromisingly so it could finally go onto a recorder and go into a book and have devoted people and bring it on down on down. Trees you didn't plant wells we didn't dig houses we didn't fill up churches we didn't build &gt;&gt; but we just walk. That's fine. It's not a it's nothing against an individual. You can't help that you came on at this season. But the but the thing that I must say to you is don't forget &gt;&gt; beware lest we just think oh you know ho h this just comes this just the way it is and the world owes me this and the ministry owes me this and mothers and fathers and grandfathers they owe me this and God owes me this. No &gt;&gt; no that's not it. You say, "Well, now what is the answer so I don't forget?" You keep it before you all the time and you remember where it came from all the time and you keep your heart tender and you keep it appreciative and say, "Thank God. Thank you, Father. Thank you for the faithfulness. Thank you that you raised up faithful men, faithful women, mothers and dads and faithful individuals. Lord, thank you for the faithful ministers. Thank you, oh God, that we have laborers and people who work. &gt;&gt; Even right now as I stand here, we know a number of brothers and along with the brother Chris Peterson, brother Randy Snow, two brothers that are leading in two different directions, but doing this labor at the camp. And well, for some, well, you know, hoham, yeah, it's a camp. And who paid for it? I don't know who paid for it. And you know, it's just I guess the world owes it to me. No, that isn't how it and I just say to the brothers, I said, you know what? We don't do this for yourself. On down the road, that ground will become sacred &gt;&gt; when God by the Holy Spirit comes and touches some darkened, bound soul and delivers them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It'll be a holy spot for a moment. And that's why you do it. &gt;&gt; That's why we do it. I just have this written down. Most believers today, and this is not a negative, this I don't want you to take this in in a in a negative sense, but most believers today because because there's been such a an enormous growth and the word has spread and things are changing. Things are changing for the ministry. Things are the the the demand of the people and the requirement of the people is changing. It's one of the things I know you enjoyed, brother Tim Dodd on Sunday, but we spent Monday and we spent all day Monday. Well, uh, yeah, probably eight or 10 hours just speaking about these things because he's singing even in the short time from the time he came to the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ in the light of this message. And you see he was he was from a Pentecostal church and he had so become disenchanted. He lost his he lost his connection and actually he and his wife had both given up on it. Not backslid but just given up on it. Didn't know where the answer was but knew it wasn't there. And then here comes the message by their way through just a supernatural connection that God puts together. But now here he is in a short period of time. He said I see things are changing so rapidly and and you know you see we don't know anything about uh maybe having we had four years in a house. You you're not you don't know about that but that's nothing against the people. Uh we held meetings uh in a riding stable, many meetings in a riding stable. And my platform was a a hayrack wagon. We had the pulpit on the hayrack wagon. That was in Sister Tammy Laroo's mom and dad's farm. And that's where we had meetings. Two 300 people, 400 people in the writing st. And we had the meetings there every year. and then in a warehouse and then the YMCA, maybe under some cloth canopy in Romania or some other place. Now, it's it's nothing it's nothing against anybody here that you weren't there, but and it's nothing against anybody here, the young people here, that you weren't here with a shovel in your hand with the with the mud up to your thighs uh when this building here was being built. And uh all the work and the labor that was done. But all of that happened so we could be where we are at and then we can say but what now? What what is God wanting from me? It's God doesn't God's not interested in people just coming in you know Wednesday Sunday you know uh this is the way it is and kind of the world owes me the world owes me and God owes me this salvation and oh we're just everything's so delightful everything is delightful but there's something more to it than that &gt;&gt; and that's where I'm coming to amen I'm just going to take my my time I'm not going going to be long long tonight, but I just want to take it a little slower rather than just get a hold of a couple of things and kind of preach on it. There's an inherent danger. I'm going to stay close to my notes because I really pondered these things deeply this week. There's an inherent danger in having the blessings without any hardship. And it's lest we forget. Isn't it wonderful? We live in a free country. But you know this freedom didn't come cheap. A lot of men fought. I was just reading. Uh and it's it's something that probably very very few know about. One of the largest peacetime explosions that ever took place happened in Canada in Halifax during the Second World War. How many here have heard about the Halifax explosion? Wow. Quite a few. Good. And there were there were literally hundreds and hundreds. I'm reading where a doctor and a nurse are trying to serve uh trying to help people. And there were so many they loaded them on a train to take him to another city in in Nova Scotia and packed the train that the train was so full they couldn't put another body in the train. I mean these are people I don't want to talk about how gruesome it was. But these are people who the doctors who's a wartime doctor said they've never seen such devastating and never saw such wounded people. People with the face blown right off of them. and they're still alive and there they don't even know how to start. Don't even know where to begin stitching. There isn't enough of anything to go around the even the fire departments are blasted to demolish to nothing and doctors and hospitals are destroyed. There's no place to take the people. It was just an incredible thing. And but that that happened because there was ammunitions that were loaded on a ship and it came into dock and was hit with another ship and the whole thing exploded and just thousands of people. I think there was over 1,500 almost close to 2,000 killed instantly and they probably don't even know how many were killed. was a huge huge enormous uh disaster. And uh but then you know we have we have a we've just come through November the 11th and uh we think about uh everybody's wore little red poppies and there's a little phrase that says lest we forget. So they want people on the 11th of November every year to remember the enormous cost to keep America free, to keep this country free, to free Europe and all the people that suffered. And we're not talking about difference of armies. They think of the people in Russia and Germany and and France and England and all those European countries and they lost so many so many people. We're not here to talk about politics, but just to bring bring this to reality. You know how many men how many men Canada committed? I've mentioned it once or twice before, but Canada committed more soldiers to the Second World War per capita than any other nation that was involved in the war. Canada with a small population had over 1 million I have the actual statistics slightly over 1 million fighting men and just under half a million women that were involved directly involved in the forces in the war. Now Canada's only uh Canada's only uh uh 10% of the US population. So you if you were going to take that, you'd have to say that the US would have to have 10 million fighting men in the Second World War, which they didn't have. 10 million. We had over 1 million, just under 1,100,000 fighting men in the Second World War and lost tens of thousands of men. But you take the entire war probably 54 I've heard 54 and I've heard 56 million people from from all of the armies that would be the German army and the Russian army and all the armies including I believe the Holocaust but lest we forget so we're we're we're thinking about that think about the you know that is incredible but think about the martyrs We should not forget &gt;&gt; every one of them gave their lives for this gospel &gt;&gt; and that we could have this Bible in our hands today. And we must not forget that. That is something that is right before God. He doesn't forget a single one of those. And we I know that we go on. You might say, "Well, this is a very strange uh message tonight, but it shouldn't be." You know, it's not enough that we just talk, oh, her wonderful bride and God has given us so many blessings and this is such a positive gospel. We want to remember because I can show you scripture chapters where God reminded them in detailed what it cost to bring them. Remember the bondage that you went through. Remember the people that that led you out and the kind of the kind of leadership that God has given. I think these things are absolutely vital &gt;&gt; for the kind of appreciation that God wants. Not just appreciation, but it puts us into a place to say, "Lord, what do you want me to do? &gt;&gt; What should I be doing? &gt;&gt; If they were that diligent in their time and in their era, surely there's something you have for me. &gt;&gt; What do you want me to do?" &gt;&gt; Amen. And then when we think of that uh I just here's the quote that I was referring to earlier in the power of transformation. Brother Brandham says, "But dear friends, I'm not young like you all this morning. But I'm old and I've been through many hard battles." And by going through those hard battles brings you where you are this morning. You see, so I'm sure that you understand that. And God has put me through it that my life might open up a way to say this is it. And then now if God had him to open up the way for somebody so he could say this is it then that's exactly the same pattern God wants for you and I. So we live a certain life and lay some footsteps on the sands of time and can say to a neighbor or to a friend or to a husband or wife or whatever more here's here's the footsteps. Here's the footsteps, son, daughter. Here's the footsteps, my friend, my peer. Walk in these. I've made a way. It's not a not an easy way, but it's the right way. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; And he says, "And and then this is it." And then you all run over that road, but before me, now he's going before him. There was someone opened up the way for me to go. And we opened up the road for one another. And as you see sometime an old veteran getting old and his marks all over him as Paul said one time, I bear in in my body the marks of Jesus Christ. How Timothy looked upon those marks I guess with reverence as he as he committed uh to as he committed to young Timothy as he committed the gospel to young Timothy. I believe that's why we have the Lord's table because it is that we remember his death until he come. And I thought of the song that says, "Lead me to Calvary, King of my life, I crown thee now. Thine will the glory be. Lest I forget thy thorncrown brow. Lead me to Calvary. Lest I forget Gethsemane. Lest I forget thine agony. Lest I forget thy love for me, lead me to Calvary. It's something we need to keep before us. &gt;&gt; There's a parallel between us and Israel in the Bible and that I've described, I believe, in the first part of this service. He's also blessed us with every spiritual blessing and material blessings. The scripture tells us in Ephesians 1 and3, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ." And notice the three words. Now, this is in Deuteronomy. We won't read the chapter, but the 32nd chapter of Deuteronomy is very much like the sixth chapter and also the eighth chapter. God is telling them to be mindful. But in the 32nd chapter, I'm just going to uh turn to a couple verses here in that because I want to bring to a in the 32nd chapter. God speaks and says, "Do ye thus reququit the Lord uh oh foolish people and unwise? Is not he thy father?" Now, he's starting to ask uh and there's three things that I want to bring out of the last half of verse six. Is he not thy father? Is not thy father that brought uh brought thee that bought thee? Let me start that again. Is not he thy father? This is in verse six. That hath bought thee, that's number one. Hath he not made thee? That's number two. And established thee. That's number three. Then he goes on with verse seven. Remember the days of old. Consider the years of many generations. Ask thy father and he will show thee thy elders and they will tell thee. And I just want to stop there for a moment. God speaking to the people. He's speaking as a very very uh clear very very clear parallel between where they were and who God was addressing because he was addressing people. He was saying, you know, ask your father and speak to them and see what it was like back there. See, because there was something he was trying to make a point with them, and show thee and thy elders, and they will tell thee. When the Most High, now this is what he's talking about. When the Most High divided the nations uh their inheritance, when he separated the sons of Adam, and he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel, for the Lord's portion is his people. Jacob is the lot of his inheritance. He found him in a desert land. He's describing the process and where they came from. We found him in a desert land and in a waste howling wilderness. And he led him about. He instructed him. He kept him as the apple of his eye. As an eagle stirth up her nest, flutterth over her young, spreadth abroad her wings, taketh them, and beareth them on her wings. So the Lord alone did lead him, and there was no strange God with him. He made him to ride on the high places of the earth, that he might eat the increase of the fields, and he made him to suck honey out of the rock and oil out of the flinty rock. So you I just want to stop there for a moment. God wasn't saying, "Now you should feel condemned. You should feel badly that you've eaten the fat of kind and that you've sucked honey out of the rock and that you've had all these one that I bore you up and when you had trouble I was there to deliver you and he didn't want them to feel bad about that. He was happy. He wanted to do that. That was his program. He wanted to bless them. He wants to bless the people. In other words, in this day, he wants to give revelation upon revelation. He wants his people to be fattened on the word of God. He wants the ministry to come behind the pulpit and have a rich load to uh un un uh to to give out to the people. He wants that. He wants us to have honey in the rock. He wants us to be healed when we're sick. He wants us to have He wants us to have victory over the enemy when it comes in like a flood and have a the Lord raise up a standard. He wants that. Hallelujah. He wants that. He wants us to see answers to our prayers. He wants to see the impossible happen. But he doesn't want us to forget where it came from. &gt;&gt; Lest we forget, &gt;&gt; where it came from. Because that is the nub. That is the critical. That's the pivotal point right there. And it keeps coming in scripture after scripture, scripture after scripture. And I get around in the message a lot. I preach in a lot of different places. And uh I just spoke to my wife as we were coming to church. She doesn't know what I going to speak on at any time. I never discuss it. But sometime I'll just say something that's you know on my heart and I'm pondering very very deep you know uh we've spoken and even made public that uh there are many many of the prophets messages that you have never read because they've not been printed. But you know, I've gone to places where they haven't had I've got I've got some handwritten translations in books. I've been with people where they wrote them on paper, brown paper bags. I have pieces of paper where they wrote them. And then they came to church and then this brother would give it to the next sister or next brother and then they would exchange a page so they could read those pages of what the prophet said and then they would bring those pages that next meeting and exchange them and that's how they got a book read. But I said to my wife, I said, "You know, it's really amazing. there's something that's kind of come over the people and you could say, you know, there's hundreds of messages you've never read. Maybe no one comes forward and says, I must have that. What did he say? I've got How could I get that? Do you know why that isn't was because, you know, we kind of got enough and I'm okay. I I'm I'm I'm wellfed. We've got plenty. Somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And the first time that this began to come to my mind and began to grind within me, just like a dynamo when we were in Brazil and I'm trying to stir up the brothers. You only got 200 messages. Yes. And he said, "Many of those aren't accurate because the brother who was translating them was living in sin." I said, "What? Why are you Why aren't you just translating those yourself? You've got expert brothers here. Why aren't you translating?" Well, you know, it's it's he's a very senior man and so I said, "Forget him. I make no apology. forget him. &gt;&gt; Begin to translate this thing accurately. &gt;&gt; Translate it clearly. You've got good people give. But to find, you know, that to find that kind of spirit, I'll call it worship in a worship in a double garage spirit or preach in a barn spirit or lay on a on a dirt floor spirit. something something that's away from the ease of the message. You might say, "Well, but but uh and I'm going to make it just as clear as I can. It's not a negative thing. It's not that God expected anything less." Says, "You came in a a time of blessing." That's wonderful. We're here in a time of blessing. God expects us to appreciate it. He wants us to have it, but he doesn't want us to forget. And the reason he doesn't want us to forget where it came from is because it will inspire within us. We'll become invigorated &gt;&gt; to some hardship ourselves. Say, "What kind of hardship?" Well, maybe it'll be some midnight oil. &gt;&gt; You know what midnight oil is? That's staying up late and studying and reading and becoming I I've got to know. Sometime people call me and say, "What did Brother Brandham say about this?" Well, why don't you read it and find out what he said? &gt;&gt; They want the preacher to do it all. Say, "Well, I got a question about this." Well, you got a message and you got an education. Read it yourself. &gt;&gt; Brother Briscoll, what a way to treat the people. Oh my goodness. That this hasn't even started. &gt;&gt; Are you all right, brother? Or should we pray for you? &gt;&gt; You going to be all right? Okay. That sounded like it was that cough is pretty vicious there. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't this wonderful? &gt;&gt; I'm just feeling great. He says, what I'm just going back reiterating a wee bit. Moses. God is speaking through Moses and saying to the people, "I bought you. You're my inheritance. You belong to me. I have acquired you. And furthermore, I am creating you." That's exactly what the word in Hebrew is. I bought you. I'm creating you. You're actually my possession. &gt;&gt; And you're my redemption. You You're You're the ones I've redeemed. So, I owe I I own you. Then he says, "I bought you. He said, "Is not he that your father? Is he your father? &gt;&gt; He bought you." &gt;&gt; Oh, you're not your own. &gt;&gt; I'm not. No, you've been bought with a price. &gt;&gt; You've been bought with the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And the world is remembering Christmas right now. Do you know what Christmas is? We we we uh Christmas is whatever they want to make it as a pagan holiday. But to us, even though we know that Christ didn't come at this time of the season, but that doesn't take away from the fact that Christmas to us is when God commenced. And brother Bram says by the Holy Spirit, which Matthew says in chapter 2, God began a creation in the virgin womb of Mary. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Mary who gave the body. Brother Brandham says God gave the body. A body hast thou prepared me? God created that body &gt;&gt; and God created that cell because he was starting a new creation. &gt;&gt; And you, how many here could raise their hands or be most of the people in the in the congregation I would hope would would be able to raise their hands and say, "I have been born again." You've been born by that seed that was created in the womb of Mary. That was the beginning, the prophet said, of a new creation. That was the beginning of a new creation. And you're an extension of that creation. &gt;&gt; That's why he didn't live to himself. Lest I forget. Think about it. What a cost. He didn't live according to his own desires. He lived &gt;&gt; and what he saw the father do. That's what he did. &gt;&gt; So he bought he bought us. And then the scripture says that he he made us. Now he made us a new creation. I just want to quote I want to only be another few minutes. please. But here's a quote I I you've heard many times, but just listen to how it goes right now from the late of the same church age. It speaks about Christ standing and he's he's standing there revealing who he is in this in this last age. I have something I just have to come to. He's the author of the creation of God. And this is another creation. Oh, I wish we could really grasp this. This has to do with the church. This is a special designation of himself. He is the creator of that church. The heavenly bridegroom created his own bride. As the spirit of God, he came down and created in the virgin Mary the cells from which his body was born. Of him it is said, "Lo, a body hast thou father prepared me." God, not Mary, provided the body. Mary was the incubator and God provided the body. &gt;&gt; That God by that same seed, that's exactly the same seed by which we are born because we are we've been created in him. And brother Brandham takes that scripture, for we are his workmanship created with Christ. But he takes it and he just puts these words together. For we are his workmanship, created in union with Christ Jesus unto good works. Ephesians 2 and10. And then in Ephesians 4:24, and that ye put on the new man which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said this is the He said the new creation is not the old creation made over. You came into the world. You were born in sin and shapen in iniquities. God has not taken you and simply made you over or patched you up. &gt;&gt; You are a new creation. &gt;&gt; I have bought you. &gt;&gt; I have made you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's what he said to his people. And I have established thee. I have bought thee. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I have made thee. and I have established thee. &gt;&gt; And that is why he's zealous and jealous over his people, over his children. He wants to give them the fruit of the land. He wants to give them milk and honey. He wants to give them victory. He wants you to have it. &gt;&gt; Amen. He But he never wants you to forget. Even though maybe you said, "I've been raised in a good home. I never knew the wounds and the pangs and the marks of sin." God bless you. And you don't need to have it. Don't ever let the devil tell you, "I've got to go out in the world and I've got to sew my wild oats." You don't need that. You don't need that. Those chains and bonds of of Satan upon you. You don't need it. You have to remember where God delivered your parents from, your mother and father from. You got to remember the bondage of the world. And that's no. All you have to do is walk the street and you can see it right away. And you and and God wants you to say, "Thank God I never had to experience this. &gt;&gt; Thank God delivered my forefathers out of Egypt, out of we came out of bondage. Thank God I can suck milk and honey out of the rock. Thank God that I have this wonderful liberty and freedom." I want to speak on on Sunday morning on the great blessings that have come with what we call the light. I want to speak of the light of freedom, the light of riches and the light of all the benefits and the blessings that God has blessed, shall we say, America, North America with. God has blessed it. God has given it. You got more food in your house than you can eat. &gt;&gt; Isn't that true? &gt;&gt; That is true. &gt;&gt; Is that something that God is holding against you? Not at all. But while that you're going to have a fine home, you're going to go and turn a thermostat on. You might say, "Well, this isn't very deep. This is very deep. because this either genders and brings forth a thanksgiving to God. And that's why God in search right in that scripture, love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy mind. I tell you what, we we really quite frankly, I don't believe we understand that scripture. I'm talking about loving God with all your strength and all your energy and all your being and all that you can be and ever will be. He made us. He has fashioned us. He's accomplished us. He's established us. Made us establish us to be firm and be stable. You know, friends, you're here on a Wednesday evening. Do you know there's a lot of people that aren't here? There's people that's completely that f sat in the same seat you sit in. They're totally backslid. I wouldn't point my finger at them at all. They are what they are. What they've gone in the direction that they've gone and for whatever reason they've gone there. But just think about it. What's the difference between you and them? Nothing. Just the grace of God. &gt;&gt; You're just here because of the grace of God. &gt;&gt; If it wasn't for the grace of God, you'd be out there. &gt;&gt; That's all it is. &gt;&gt; It's just the grace of God. say, "Well, there's people that's going to be out here on this pagan holiday of of of Christmas and just wearing their shoe leather out, going from one store to the other, buying things that people don't need and that that their loved ones aren't going to appreciate." &gt;&gt; It's not true. &gt;&gt; Yet, Brother Brandham received Christmas gifts. He received it from his church, received it from other brothers, received candy, received suits, received all kinds of things. But the thing was that didn't take Christ out of Christmas. &gt;&gt; Christ is the focal part. &gt;&gt; He's the whole reason that there is such a such a time as this. And the world can go and do their own thing, but we're not a part of that. &gt;&gt; I hope you can get a balance on that. &gt;&gt; What more he asks could he do? Beware that you forget not. What more could I do? He asked the people that more than once. He asked why they have forgotten. What could I have done more? What more could have been done? As I said right at the beginning of the service, God has no regrets. He's never going to have to say God's never going to say, "Oh, I'm so sorry, Cloverdale." By the way, If id only sent somebody else this your way. Oh, he's got he'll have no regrets. &gt;&gt; He's going to say Cloverdale Bible way. Whoever you are from wherever you've been, he's going to say, "What more could I have done?" &gt;&gt; All you had to do was keep it before your children. Keep it before your grandchildren. Put it on the doorpost. Put it on the fridge. Put it wherever you put it. Here's what here's what he did here. Here's the signs. Here's the pillar. Think about it. The same pillar of fire. You need it before you all the time. The same pillar of fire is going to meet you when you come into church the next time. The same pillar of fire is going to lead you when you go home out of church tonight. &gt;&gt; It really is. &gt;&gt; You need to keep that in front of you. Amen. &gt;&gt; You need to actually feel that and sense that so that you can say, "Thank you, Father. &gt;&gt; You bought me &gt;&gt; and you've given me this rich, &gt;&gt; glorious truth &gt;&gt; for me to walk in." And when you see the world going, "Thank you, Father. You've established me. I don't have to run with that crowd. I don't have to go there for my pleasure. Thank you, Father. I you possessed me. You own me and I'm yours entirely. &gt;&gt; Oh, you watch it. Then God start pouring out more blessing upon blessing and you give yourself to him and he gives himself to you. &gt;&gt; I'm going to close with this. Even though I'm a long ways from being done, I'm going to close with this. I believe that God always gave his best. I'm going to close where I want to start on Sunday. Brother Brandham says very clearly this age was a dark dismal age and when the seven church ages were drawn out and by the Holy Spirit were drawn out on the back wall and brother Brandham says I left I left a little sliver of light but he says Leodyus totally blackened out, totally dark, totally black because Christ was put outside of the church. Brother Baron said, "I left a little light there." God used that servant to leave a little light in this generation. I want you to think real deep now. and took him off the scene. The messenger, the signs that he would do, seeing the light and the pillar of fire over this man or over this woman, we don't have that. This one who was there is exactly here. There's nothing different. And he has said that you ladies working perhaps in your kitchen, you're a servant of Christ. You brothers doing what you're doing and being led of the Holy Spirit, you're servants of Christ. Whether we're a farmer, whether we're a preacher, whether we're plumber, electrician, whatever, we're servants of Christ. He gave us the designation that you are the bride of Jesus Christ. We've heard that. Oh, we've heard that. We can almost go to sleep on that. But let me say this to you. If God could have done anything better to this age of people in 207 going into 208 because God is going to have those people before him, too. All these people that are going to go into the new year along with you, God's going to have them before him one day. And you know what he's going to be able to tell them? What more could I do? Because I gave you the very best there was. And in case you don't think that you are the very best that God could leave this generation, then you have to tell me your conclusion is that God's going to have some regrets. He's going to have to say to a group of people, "I'm so sorry. I could have given you something better than the bride of Jesus Christ. I could have given you a brighter light, but I didn't do it. I could have given you a more correct example of who I am. I could have given you a better a better expression of Christ and I held it back. I didn't do it. God's not going to have to say that. &gt;&gt; Because you're here tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This happens to be my message to you. That sliver of light that God has left in this generation is what God had in his mind before the very foundation of the world. And he could say to Leia to see, I left you the very best. &gt;&gt; It was adequate. &gt;&gt; It was more than adequate. &gt;&gt; It was abundantly clear. &gt;&gt; I left you a message. I left you a testimony. I left it lived out. I left it proclaimed. I left it preached. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that, my brother, my sister, I'm closing this service on that. That sliver of light, if that wasn't the best, then it wasn't the best 50 years ago. &gt;&gt; Then the messenger and the message wasn't the best. And if that wasn't the best, then the martyrs died in vain and they weren't the best. And if they weren't the best, then Paul and the apostles weren't the best. And if they weren't the best, Jesus wasn't the best. &gt;&gt; You say, "Oh, far be it from that, brother Ed." We never never say that. If Jesus was the best, then the revealing of that same Jesus in this hour in a people that the prophet of God said is the bride is the is the bridegroom in bride form. It's Jesus Christ in bride form, not Jesus Christ watered down. I don't care what you think about yourself. I don't care how negative you are on yourself. I don't care what kind of problems you're experiencing. You happen to be God's choice &gt;&gt; in this age and you happen to be what the prophet of God called a sliver of light. You're a sliver of light to this dark world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And if God could have done something better, he would have done something better. He hasn't got a better voice. He hasn't got a better life. He hasn't got a better light. You are the light of this generation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And he wants you to believe that. &gt;&gt; He wants you to walk like that. &gt;&gt; He wants you to quote that. He wants you to repeat that. He wants that to be the theme of your thoughts. When you walk out of here tonight and you go amongst the people and whether you're amongst your unsaved friends or whatever it is and the people you're in contact with, that's what's supposed to flow through you. And don't think anything else. Don't let Satan rob you of that. &gt;&gt; And we don't ne we don't just settle back in, you know, kind of a rocking chair attitude and oh, God just gave us all the best because he had to give us all the best. That's not so. He gave us what he gave us so we could be the best. &gt;&gt; So we could be something we couldn't be any other way. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Right in the face of the devil. I say glory be to God. &gt;&gt; This is the Lord's doing. This is the Lord's doing and it's glorious in our eyes. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Pray for Sunday. Would you please? &gt;&gt; Oh, we thank him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I got a couple of things I want to sing. &gt;&gt; Are you ready to sing? &gt;&gt; It's one thing you find out about Brother Ed. It takes me 55 minutes to get to my subject and then the last five I preach it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's sing. Let the lower lights be burning. Why don't we stand to our feet? Let everybody sing it to the glory of God. I appreciate you. I thank you for being here. I appreciate your prayers. Keep praying for us, will you? For myself, for those that minister. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let's start with the first verse, please. Brightly beamed, the light comes ever to us. He keeping all the light upon the shore. Let the lights be burning. Send the across the fainting struggling. You may resue, you may save. Dark the night of sin has settled. While the angry bills roar our watching longore [Music] be across the wings [Music] You may rescue, you may trip your laugh, my brother sound [Music] in the dark. Let the Lord lights be burning the glee across the way struggling. You may &gt;&gt; I had an interesting conversation this last week with a businessman who's a large contractor. He's the president and he has been uh chosen to build a new building in downtown Vancouver for the gospel mission. And for any of you who've ever noticed in the newspaper, if you've gotten a Vancouver newspaper from time to time, the Gospel Mission feeds the hungry off the street, provides beds for the homeless, and they've done this, I think, for maybe 60, 70 years or more. So they needed to build a new building and this contractor had agreed to build. He told me it took five years just to get a building permit. Five years. Because there are people who have resisted it. People who are greedy because they feel at this uh this level of of humanity. And these homeless people, they depress the price of their land and their property and their homes. And they don't want them. They say, "Let them go out to Langley. let them go. And they've been fighting and struggling for five years in the city council to get a building permit. He said, "We were four hours just Monday night in the Vancouver council and we got permission to build this building after 5 years. We got permission." He said, "And the same people and one woman was there who has carried the banner in opposition and she's opposed this from day one and she's been a spokesman for other people and so on and managed to get the thing stalled and stalled and stalled." And he said there's a bunch of people that got up and spoke, but he said a 15year-old girl got up and all these people were describing these homeless people and the street people and these people who have not had the life that you and I have had. And this 15-year-old girl got up after they had described once again this low end of humanity and who they are and what they are and we want them out of here. Clean the place up. This 15year-old girl got up and went to the microphone before the whole city council and all those people that were there in council chambers and she said, "I don't know where these people live, but I live right across the street from the Union Gospel place." And she says, "And I know the people and I know the kind of people that go in there." And she says, "I've lived here since I've been 8 years old. And I feel the safest when I walk that block where the Union Gospel place is. I feel the safest when I'm there. And so I've always walked in front of that block. And she says, "And I've been in there and I know the people." And she says, "They're good people and they're nice people." And she said, "That is where I have felt the safest." One of the council members spoke up and he said, "This girl has changed our mind. &gt;&gt; And we're going to give passage for this place to be built." &gt;&gt; I thought that was remarkable. &gt;&gt; You know what? She had no axe to grind. &gt;&gt; She just told the truth &gt;&gt; out of a sincere heart. &gt;&gt; Just told the way it was. You young people here, you think you don't she she persuaded an entire city council &gt;&gt; at 15 years old. And I thought that was a very touching story. And I was able to witness to that president of that company. I was able to witness to him how this church started and you people and what is here and what God is doing today and it also touched his heart. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let the Lord life be burning send across the poor fainting struggling see you may rescue you may &gt;&gt; when we've been there 1000 We'll have a heart that's made of perance and the lamb will dry our tears. We'll have a grand homecoming week. for 10,000 years. When we're inside the gates of pearl will a lot of things we'll have a heart and [Music] Well, I heard it. Uh, Father, did you hear it? Yes. All right. I I I think he'd like to have us rejoice a little more. Say, "I bought you. &gt;&gt; I'm calling you to my house. And when you're going to get there, you're not going to sing like that. You're you're going to sing entirely different. Is that right, Brother Cotton? That's exactly right. We're going to sing and shout. We're going to dance about. So, we don't want to be back, you know, back here. Oh, when I'm in Cloverdale, I just, you know, barely open my mouth. No, when I'm inside the gates of birth. All right. Once again, at least once more. Have we got that on the screen? We're inside the gates of pearl. We're going to learn a lot of things. We'll have a heart that's made of gold. Perhaps a thousand straight. Oh, we'll sing and shout. We'll dance about and the lamb will dry our tears. Oh, coming week the first 10,000 years. Oh, when we're inside the gates of pearl, we're going to learn a lot of things. We'll have a heart that's made of gold. Perhaps a thousand string. We'll sing and shout. We'll dance and the lamb will dry our tears. We'll have a grand coming week. [Music] &gt;&gt; You know, we do subtle things and things that aren't so subtle and say, "Why do you keep singing it?" I was singing it till the fellas get it up on the board here. So, I can see that a lot of people didn't know the words. I kept looking up there. Oh, come on, fellas. Let's get that on there. All right. When we're inside the gates of hell, we're going to learn a lot of things. We'll have a heart that's made of gold. Perhaps a thousand strains. We're sing and shout. We dance about and the lamb will dry our tears. We'll have a grand homecoming week. The first 10,000 years. We'll have a grand homecoming week. The first 10,000 years. Once more. We'll have a coming. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You think I'm a fanatic? You haven't seen anything. &gt;&gt; Wait till you get on the other side. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; You know, we get so rigid. &gt;&gt; We just can't hardly break out of it. I feel like doing a dance. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We've got a couple a real urgent request. Uh, a young native man named Steven Amch is in serious condition in Anchorage, Alaska after surviving a plane crash in Bethl, Alaska. And he also needs salvation. He's close to the believers there. Sister Rachel Stall has placed this. I'm sure that her sister and brother-in-law have sent it down. We're going to pray for this brother Steven Amik. I'm going to have brother Codle come up and uh lay your hand on this and pray. And then also we need to make known that the summer camp presentation of Paul, the presentation that was made of the Apostle Paul uh is now available at the tape library. In fact, this I just saw that last night and it was it's really wonderful. So uh that's available for you. and then dismiss the people with God's blessing. Would you, brother Codle? Amen. Hallelujah. That's the request right there. God bless you. Let's just take this desperate need to the Lord tonight. Let's just bow our hearts and our heads. Father, we just lift up this brother right now. Lord, we we understand that he needs most of all salvation. Father, we ask that you'd send forth a witness to him, Lord Jesus. And Father, that you would go into that hospital room right now, send someone there, Father, to touch his life, Father, &gt;&gt; to give him one opportunity, Father, to call on the name of the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Father, he needs you. &gt;&gt; And Father, we lift him up to you this desperate situation there. Lord, we plead the blood of Jesus upon this young man and ask for your mercy and your grace to be extended to him. Father, &gt;&gt; we crush the enemy's head right now in Jesus name. And thank you, Lord, for this grace and this mercy that'll be extended to this young man and we'll hear a good report, Father, that he gave his heart to Jesus. And Lord, we thank you for that. We give you glory. We hook our faith together as believers, Father. We trust your word and thank you for it Lord in the name that is above every name. The name of the Lord Jesus. We thank you for it father and give you glory and give you grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just lift our hands to the Lord and thank him now. Father, we thank you for this answer, Lord. We thank you, Father, for this service tonight. Lord, we appreciate you, Father. We thank you for your grace and your mercy upon this church and for bringing us the light and making us the light of the world. Father, we thank you for that. Give you glory and praise and father we ask that you would dismiss us now. Lord, that we would be mindful of you &gt;&gt; the remainder of this evening, Father, and as the weeks to come and lift up our pastor for the message coming this Sunday, Lord, that we would spend time and lift up our pastor, Lord, that he can bring fresh mana from heaven. &gt;&gt; And Lord, we thank you for that and give you glory. bless every person in this building and every person that's tuning in on the internet, Lord, that you would use &gt;&gt; this night, Father, as a turning point that we would be appreciative &gt;&gt; of all that you brought us, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Bless God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Have a wonderful few days and we'll see you on the Lord's day. &gt;&gt; All right. Be praying for the meeting, &gt;&gt; praying for the ministry. God be with you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. [Music]
