################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2007-07-15 - v07 0715m The Correct Response to Your Enemy-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2007-07-15
Title:    v07 0715m The Correct Response to Your Enemy-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Vq1zeBoqWY
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] in my life. Lord be glorified. &gt;&gt; Be glorified in my in my life [Music] today. singing once again in my life. Glor glorify glory [Music] be glorified today. Give ear to my words, oh Lord. [Music] s my meditation. Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my king and my God. For unto thee will I pray my voice thou here in the morning [Music] will I pray to thee will Give ear to my word, oh Lord. Consider my meditation. [Music] unto the Lord of my Christ, my king and my [Music] praying, [Music] &gt;&gt; oh Lord, In the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee down from his glory ever. My God and Savior [Music] and Jesus [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him, &gt;&gt; my breath, my son, my heart, [Music] myior [Music] What comes [Music] free? [Music] [Music] Godend [Music] [Music] My breath, my sunshine, my [Music] great [Music] [Music] without real [Music] glorious victory. sacrifice of Calary. And now I know thou art the great. [Music] Oh, how I feel, how I [Music] You're my [Music] Great. [Music] Myior [Music] again. Oh, how I for you my [Music] be myior. [Music] for thou Lord on high earth. [Music] are [Music] th on high earth and thou art exalt. We exalt. [Music] We exalt. [Music] We exalt thee. We exalt We exalt thee. [Music] &gt;&gt; We exalt thee, Lord. And we exalt thee. [Music] We exalt thee. We exalt thee. Oh, [Music] we exalt. We exalt. We exalt [Music] me, oh Lord. Lord and I will save and I will be [Music] With all my heart I praise you. You are the one I pray. Oh, [Music] and I will be save Lord and I will I will be saved. [Music] Oh, he me [Music] and I will be the one I praise. [Music] You are the one I praise. Sing it once again. [Music] And I will be save and I will be [Music] [Music] praised. You are hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, Lord. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus. Glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Ask brother Ricardo, Ricardo, if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. Got a prayer request here. We got a prayer cloth as well. Want to just pray over these needs this morning. If you've got a need, just lift it before the Lord as we go to prayer. If you're listening in on the internet, you've got a need, just lift it before our God as we go before him. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Let's pray. Father God, even as a song was written, heal me, oh Lord. and we'll be healed. [Music] Lord, we come to you with an open heart, asking you to have your way with this service. Speak to everyone who's here, everyone who's over the internet, wherever they may be, wherever this goes. Have your way with this service, Lord. We need you more than ever before. We just came through some meetings, Lord, and I believe you're still dealing with all of us. &gt;&gt; Can we join our hearts together and ask you have your way with this service from the singers to the songwriters to the the musicians to the ministers. We all have need of you, Lord God. You know where we're all living. And when we ask you, Lord, &gt;&gt; could you lift us up, Lord? &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; And could you let us see a little further? Help [Music] the minister who's going to be getting himself out of the way. Lord, we want to see you and we want you to work in our lives. We love you, Father God, and we can't say it enough and we can't express it enough. But we're so glad that you see the intent of the heart. We just commit this service to you, Lord God. We ask you to be with every prayer request that was written, ones that weren't with this prayer cloth. Lord, we pray over it. You know the heart, Lord God. We just commit this service now before you. In your blessed name we pray. Amen. And you can have your seats. I don't think we're going to take a lot of time with preliminaries this morning. We'll uh got one special, I think, and then uh and uh then uh Brother John, sister Leah, and Sister Joanna could come and get ready. You love the Lord. This morning, we got a couple of announcements. Uh there's an announcement here from Brother Dave Chaberna. There's a wedding reception, Brother Dave and Sister Marilyn, on Friday, July the 27th, 3 in the afternoon in the fellowship room. Um, everyone is welcome. Just note that. And also, um, we want to be remembering Brother Biscll. He's going to be speaking this next weekend at Brother Roy Shrewsberry's church in, uh, Beckley, West Virginia. The meetings are Friday, Saturday the 20th and the 21st and they conclude with the dedication of the new building Sunday morning uh July 22nd. They're not having any uh Sunday evening service. Amen. Oh, I know where everything will lay before the holy [Music] consume All my works and all my deeds and every on my knees before the holy consuming fire and all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is me. All I want to see is Jesus. [Music] [Music] hurt and selfinflicted pain and everything that I thought will lay before the holy consuming fire. Words of knowledge in in his name. And healing hands that touch the lame will lay before the holy consuming fire. All I want to see is Jesus. [Music] All I want to see is him in me. [Music] All I want to see is Jesus shine through me and hear him say, "Well done, my precious Well done. Well done, my faithful one. [Music] Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds and every prayer set on my knees will lay before the holy consuming fire. And all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through me. shining through [Music] &gt;&gt; and all I want to see is Jesus. It's our prayer this morning. Lord, all I want to see is him with me. [Music] All I want to see is Jesus shining through me. Healing and hearing. of God. My precious. &gt;&gt; My precious well, [Music] my faithful. &gt;&gt; All I want to see. All I want to see. is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus [Music] shine through. All I want to see is Jesus. [Music] Oh, all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining through healing and tearing. Well done. My precious. Well done. &gt;&gt; Well done. Well done, my faithful. And all I want to see is Jesus. And all I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shining through the &gt;&gt; morning. &gt;&gt; Let's just lift our hearts up to him. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we're here to worship you. Yes, &gt;&gt; we have made a declaration in song. All I want to see is Jesus. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ, living word, live in us. Live in us in all your fullness, Lord. Live in us, oh God. And having control, Lord. Take control. Take control of the reigns of our heart this morning. Take control of our minds, oh God. Father, help us by the Holy Ghost to bring every thought into captivity to the will and the purpose and the mind of Christ. Move throughout this congregation. Hover over us, oh God, in everywhere, Lord, where this voice is going now. May the Holy Spirit be there with those that are streaming. Oh God, we remember that congregation of people, Lord, that are united with us and we're united here. I pray you'll bring us into one thought, one mind, may the unity of the Holy Spirit. For you said, if two or three gather in my name, there I am in the midst and there to bless. Bless, oh Lord, I pray. I pray you'll bless every man, woman, and child. Bless the sick and the afflicted, oh God. Bless them with healing. Father, we have requests here, Father, that have been made. This couple, oh God, the brother Chris Price witness to. I pray, oh Father, that you will continue your work mighty in them. Our brother Conniving request, Father, for this missionary in Venezuela. I pray you'll make a way where there appears to be no way. Lord, I pray, oh God, that you will prepare the way before him, Lord. take control of the authorities and their decisions. I pray you'll make a way for your word to be preached and spoken and for the bride of Jesus Christ to be visited this morning. Lord, this congregation joins with other congregations. We're praying for our brother Dan Dazley. How that enemy has come against him. Oh God, how that demon father of this age that has become so prevalent in cancer. Oh God, I pray you'll smite that enemy at the very root. Oh God, I pray that you'll take the cells and destroy them. Father, how your prophet messenger was delivered a message by an angel that nothing would stand before his prayers if the people would believe. And we have received the same word. Lord, we may not have the same exact commission, but we've been commissioned by you, Lord Jesus, that we should pray for the sick. That we should lay hands upon the sick. That we should send your word, oh God. I pray you'll send your word and heal him. I ask, Father, and all the other afflictions which he's endured of recent days. I pray, Lord, you'll raise our brother Dan Dasley up. Oh God, give him years of strong usefulness in the kingdom of God. He has a heart for you, Lord. A heart for your people, a heart for this message, oh God. And Satan would like to bring him down. I pray you'll cut him off, Lord. Cut him off. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. We take the gates of the enemy and walk away with them in the name of Jesus Christ. And for the glory of God, these gates of cancer cannot remain. They cannot stand. Somebody's touching the touching the very throne of God. Lord, reach out your scepter. I pray over our brother Dan Daisley and raise him up for your glory. Lord, for this service this morning, for your servant, Lord, as I give myself to you, I pray, oh Father, that the people will be blessed, edified, built up in the most holy faith. I ask, Father, that Satan will be utterly defeated today in the lives, oh God, where he's tried to afflict them and to affect their spiritual life. I pray he'll be brought low, brought down. Lord, give power, I pray, to your word. May the Holy Spirit, oh God, take it and have the preeminence here today in the name of Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Or rather, but while you're still standing, I'll just read the scripture. Thank you for that song. Certainly enjoyed that. Lovely. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you can turn to Ephesians uh the 6th chapter. We will have a short reading and then please keep your Bibles open because I have uh quite a bit of scripture that we'll be making reference to. Amen. How many enjoyed the convention? Need I ask? We were asked right away by some of the pastors, you going to have one next year? I said, "You have it and we'll come." Anyway, I want to thank this congregation for your incredible support and willingness to do whatever was needful at any time. And I don't care if it was any more than a warm handshake and to say God bless you with the depth and meaning that you had. uh one of the senior pastors in fact is our brother Gear Roald told me that he was asked by uh one of our couples here in the church. They he they he asked him, "What was it that you were most impressed with in this convention?" And he thought for a few moments, he said, "The thing that I was most impressed with," he said, "I saw everyone in their place." He said, "When we drove into the parking lot, there was a young fellows just like children." He said, "To him, they were just children." And he said they were standing there and directing us where we should park and directing the traffic. And then when we came in to the auditorium, the deacons were there and all in their place and everyone the sisters with the lunches after the meeting for us to take home so we could have it in the room. And I you probably don't know but they prepared just marvelous lunches and the and all the people that were in hotels because the restaurants mostly were closed and we didn't want them to have to go in that atmosphere and so they had prepared lovely lunches for them. Just enormous sandwiches. they couldn't possibly eat them all and took them to their room and they had other little goodies that were in there and they said there was so much we just we kept the other goodies to take home to our children but he brother Rodal said the lunches that were prepared and then as soon as we walked outside there's the driver standing by their buses and everyone knew where to go and who they were to take and and this what he said he said I saw a church that was fully adopted. Everyone was in their place. That was a good question, Sister Cigarette, Brother Chris, that you asked. And that was an incredible answer. I have never heard an answer like that. And I felt both humbled and proud, if you know what I mean. Just to see the man, a senior brother would say that he just saw the people in their place. That means a great deal. And that's what we preach for. That's what we live for. Amen. God bless you each one. We're going to read at the uh sixth chapter. I'm starting just at the 11th verse and we'll just read three verses. Put on the whole armor of God that ye may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all to stand, I'll read the 14th verse. Stand therefore, having your loins gird about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness. We'll just stop there and we'll hold your Bibles open. If you'll just notice please in the 12th verse, we wrestle not against We wrestle not against flesh and blood but against that's that's opposition against principalities against powers against the rulers of darkness of this world and against spiritual wickedness. That's a lot to be against &gt;&gt; and we are against it. God bless you as you have your seats. Brother Brandham said in the contest, the message the contest and the the message of contest is really very interesting. Uh he preaches reproach for the word. This is just in the last of December of 1962. Reproach for the word. The world is falling apart. The absolute sers. Is this the time? And contest. And these come right on the heels of the visitation in vision form of the angels and the announcement. The announcement that the seals will be opened. the announcement which was preparing him and somehow he's directed by the Holy Spirit speak reproach for the word because the reproach would really come in the opening of the word. That's where it really would come and then the absolute because that revelation of the word is the absolute and the world falling apart identifying that that had to happen at this time and then the absolute and then the world falling apart and then the contest because this with this would create the contest and the contest was just on the short service on the 31st before they had communion. So if you put all of those together now, it's it's important. That's why I say, you know, I don't don't believe in just listening at a shotgun style this over here and that over there and something over here. Uh even though that's fine, but in order to get when you know that a certain event was happening at a certain time, a very significant event and and serves as this the time where he actually relates uh the visitation of the angels in in uh in vision form, but he said he was actually there, actually caught up in this consolation. In fact, as his wife was rattling the door and he was over in the corner of the room and had the Bible open to Romans 9 and 33. And I always find that very significant also because how do you have the Bible open to a chapter and a verse? When you open the Bible, you've got many verses there. But he said it was open to 9 and 33. Behold, I lay in Zion a a a a stone, a foundation stone I lay in Zion. God was making an announcement to his servant that he was laying in Zion. And that's that stone is Christ and Christ is the word. So he was laying the word in in a special way. Now, so in this message, the contest, I thought I just want to give that a little bit to you. I might today might largely be a foundation but it's going to be foundation because I'm I'm I'm coming to something that would be uh require a lot of understanding from the congregation and sometimes we have God deals with us in such a way that uh sometime I feel it you know to just let it out to the world sort of on on on the internet sometime time. It may not be exactly what I feel like doing in my heart. And yet, there's people out there that probably would be benefited from it. But, you know, the Bible the Bible deals with it deals with certain subjects and it deals with it in such a uh a way I will say such a intimate way that you almost have to have a congregation like you are that know me as well as you do and I know you as well as I do. I can take certain liberties and say certain things that perhaps you wouldn't say if you were in a visiting, you know, if I was visiting at another church, another congregation. But this this service today will probably be in preparation. Then we'll just have to take the next one as it goes and and follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit. But I I want to speak on uh the correct response to your enemy. And the comments that I just made started this whole this whole service today actually started from reading in Judges and how God used Samuel to stir up his enemy. They were enemies of Israel, but they were God's enemies also. And just to give you a little bit of a clue, the Bible says that he loved a woman from Tenmath, I believe it was, that Samson loved this woman. And he said to, and I don't want to get into it, but he said to his parents, "Get me her for wife." And they said, "Isn't there enough women in Israel that you have to go for a woman in of the Philistines?" And he just wouldn't hear. He said, "Just get me her for a wife." And then it goes through a real unusual set of circumstances, things that happen, and it stirs up Samson enormously, and he he does great damage to the Philistines, and the Philistines come onto him and all of these things. But the Bible says that his parents didn't know that God God was doing this. God was engineering this whole thing. God created that desire within him to love a woman of another nation so that he could get at his enemy. But his parents didn't understand that. And so I'm speaking on the correct response to your enemy. He said in uh contest Jesus said in Mark 16, "In my name they shall cast out devils." people today, he said, don't believe in demons in this day. But he says the thing to do to my opinion is to know your enemy. To know your enemy and train for the contest that you're going to have when you when you meet him because you're going to meet him. There isn't a person here. There isn't a person living that's a believer of this word. But what? You're going to meet your enemy. And you probably, and I think I'm probably right in saying, you meet him every day and know him and know what his strength is. Know what his strength is. And then train for this contest when you go to meet him. For it's one thing sure, you're going to meet him and so train for the contest. The correct response, these are just some brief statements. Now, if you would hang on to each one of them, the correct response is quick, decisive, and with full unmitigated force. That's the correct response. quick, decisive, not you know wish we should wash your well maybe this maybe you know I'll maybe take some kind of measures that's not it has to be quick decisive and with full force unmitigated force undiluted forcemen &gt;&gt; I think often we don't recognize our enemy as soon as We should we need the discernment of the Holy Spirit. We need the active discernment of the Holy Spirit to know where our enemy is, his tactics, and what his intent is. &gt;&gt; Often we don't respond as we should. &gt;&gt; We do not respond as quick as we should. We don't respond with with the with the strength. We don't respond with the right weapon and we don't use the provided weapon that God gives us. Most often we do not use the weapon as intended. In other words, I want to explain this as I move along. We quote the scripture. We can make confession by quoting. As brother Brandham says, you quote, you know, confess it. Confess it. But we need to confess what we're living. &gt;&gt; The scripture says, I'm going to read the scripture. Jesus answered, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God." Now, let me just make this almost a childproof. by bread alone. When you have a loaf of bread on the table, you can confess all you want what the ingredients are. This is so much flour. It is so much flour. I know it's so much flour. There's so much There's so much liquid there. There's so much of this in the ingredients of this. I have it right here. I've got the recipe written and I can declare it and declare it. That's not enough. In order to live by it, you got to eat that loaf of bread. &gt;&gt; And and in fact is if you eat it and digest it into your system, it really doesn't matter how much you can quote the precise the preciseness of quote of exactly. I got this right from the bake shop. I can tell you exactly what's in it and here it is and I'll say it and I'll say it over and over. It does pay to quote it and it does pay to confess it only after you've eaten it. I live by the word of God. That's what I'm living by. My life is an outflow of the word of God. What you see is the word written form in living form. And when you do that and confess it in the devil's face when Jesus when he confronted Satan, Satan knew who he was who he was confronting. He knew that Jesus knew who he was and he knew who his enemy was, who Satan was. So if we live, say, let's say today I see people going down the street. You drive down the street and you see people walking, you see people running and they've got, you know, something on their arm and they're plugged into their with their headset and got their iPods on and and sometime my wife and I, we go down very early in the morning and we kind of see the same people all the time and we we don't get down, you know, to get to walk early in the morning as often as we'd like to, but whenever we get there, they seem to be the same people because they're living by a certain exercise program. They've got a program. They're living by the program. The program calls for them to get up at a certain time and to do certain things. And so they all go and, you know, they do their certain things, whatever it is. But they're living by that. How do we know we're living by? Because they're doing it. &gt;&gt; They're doing it. That's how I know they're living by it. And if we live by the word of God, it's not coming here just to church. That's not necessarily we're living. We're coming here to hear to be instructed, to be directed, to be corrected, to come under the influence and under the impact of the Holy Spirit. But living by the word is you hearing the word and then going out of here and saying, "I'm going to do that. I heard something today. The Holy Spirit made something real to me today that I didn't know last week or I've quoted it many times. I've heard it many times, but it just didn't impact me. And now it's been made real, and I'm going to do it. I'm just going to do it. And I find I'd like to just say this at this early stage of the service. When God sends a message for a certain season, see, the scripture is for all seasons and the entire history of mankind. Would you agree with that? When John the Baptist came with the spirit of Elijah, John the Baptist, he merely it took that prophetic spirit to identify certain scriptures and he reached I'm the voice of one crying in the wilderness. Then Jesus took a scripture out of Malachi 3 said he was a servant that was sent to forerun and to prepare the way. And so they take those two scriptures. There are others of Old Testament prophets that reached out to other things which other prophets have spoken and quoted them. Then Jesus, he reached back, man shall not live by bread alone. That's from Deuteronomy. And Moses spoke that. But he picks that up and brings that forward and brings it into his present day because there was a certain condition that was taking place amongst the scribes and the Pharisees that needed that scripture. And then we have a prophet messenger today who said that that the the end time message meets end time conditions. They probably didn't have a marijuana problem uh back in the times of Jesus. I don't know. They probably didn't have the same kind of conditions. They didn't certainly have all the nakedness that's on the street and in the restaurants and wherever you go. They didn't have the same conditions. They didn't have the multitude of denominations. They didn't have all of these things that are taking place today, but we have them. And so, we had to have a prophet messenger that could come and identify in the scripture the scriptures which pertain to this time. That my friend is your weapon. &gt;&gt; That that's why the message it's the message is not another book. I've read people just recently in the last two, three weeks where they've said, you know, uh calling the the believers of the message some kind of a cult. That's fine. That's up to them. But on the other hand, on the other hand, and they say, well, the Mormons have to have a a book and other people have a book and the Islam has to have a book. We don't have to have another book outside of this. The messages which we have, they don't understand it. The message which which we have only relates back to this book and it unveils this book. It identifies the scriptures in this book called the Bible and brings them out and say here it is children. Here's the bread for today. Eat this bread. You will be strengthened. You'll be protected. Hallelujah. Eat this bread. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. those things that were sealed up. How could you eat it if it was sealed up? It had to be made known. It had to be revealed. So, it's not another book. &gt;&gt; It merely identified those things. And I say there isn't a condition that we experience today that has not been dealt with in one way or another. Brother Brandham said in running a man running from the presence he said Christianity is an everyday rugged life living for God in this present world. Now this is a quote that people use just regularly and many can probably say it from memory. It's a every day a rugged life living for God in this present world. It's a constant burning of the fire and love of God in the heart that sets you a fire and puts you out yonder with the people and making converts to Christ. In the feast church age, he said a life lived by the word would be the word expressed. So we want to say today, I live by the word of God. If we lived by a certain code of ethics, if we lived by certain regulations of some club or some society, then that's what we would be we would be doing that. And they could identify you say, "Well, oh, I see that's what you believe." And I'm glad that a lot of people are able to identify believers of this message because not merely because the way you dress or the way you act. In fact is brother Tom should be telling this because he experienced it. But we wanted to give the ministers and all the people that were in the rest in the hotels because we knew that the meetings would go beyond the time that they could go into restaurants. We want to avoid them from going into restaurants and getting get going from the beautiful atmosphere of the service into into the ungodly atmospheres. And so it was said, "Well, we'll find a place." And someone said, "Oh, there's a place up here, a little place up in in Port Kels, I believe it is." And and he makes massive uh sub sandwiches. Incredible. They are massive. Uh you know, my mouth's not too small, but I couldn't get my mouth around that sandwich about that much meat in it without an exaggeration. And so we give them these have these sandwiches made up in this nice little bag. And apparently the fella that has this place, can I say he's fairly rough? He's raw. He's crass, you know, and just his language is not that good and all the rest of it. And the people that come there are just kind of workmen. They're kind of rowdy and all the rest of it. So apparently some of them were in there. Also, a lady, huh, was in there and he just Sister Karen Ashdone walks in. Whoa. Oh, he said a lady, you know, and there's one sitting there and he wasn't identifying her as one of these. Whoa. You know, be careful how you, you know, conduct yourself. Here we have a lady. So, she talks to him and I don't know what the conversation all is. Then she leaves. A while later in come brother Dier and brother Tom. Now those are two different fellows. And they both walk in and he goes, "Same one." He says, "Oh, you must be from the same place this other girl was from." Man, that spirit was able to identify those two and put them together. So, you're exactly right. And what a testimony, what a witness it was. It was to him. It's really amazing. So, it's not a life. It's not just something you say, but it's a life that's expressed. So, we don't simply confess it. We live by it. &gt;&gt; I'm just making some statements now because uh you'll need these later on. I'd like you to turn in your Bible now, please, to 2 Corinthians, the 10th chapter. And we're going to read a few verses there, starting with verse three down through verse 6. 2 Corinthians 10 and3. For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but are mighty through God to the pulling down of of of strongholds. Casting down, notice now doesn't just say laying them down, but casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Isn't that aren't those powerful words? You can't you can't say that this is Paul is soft soaping things. He's not handling things with velvet gloves. He's got his fist out there and he's telling the people what to do. You cast down these imaginations and every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God. What is the knowledge of God? The revealed truth of God's word cast down anything that's in opposition to it. Don't let it exalt itself against the word. Don't let anybody exalt itself. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you run into it. God bless the doctors. God, we've got godly doctor here in the church and one of the leading in his field. But you know the the medical profession somehow once they come out of their field it seems that they look upon faith as a almost like a personal attack on them or a personal affront to their profession. I can tell you what then you'll find doctors who say if you have faith and I've spoken to doctor and said does it make a difference what a person thinks about you and what they really think about and having confidence in you said very definitely very definitely but what if that person has confidence in God confidence in the prayers of the saints confidence in the supernatural what's wrong with it &gt;&gt; I hear it all the time I I hear it all the time. Heard it just this last week. Sister was listening now. She she told them, you know, they said, "Well, something's wrong with your brain. Something's wrong on the side of your brain." She said, "Well, I've been prayed for now, and I'm going to cancel this certain appointment." And they keep calling and keep calling and keep calling because it's impossible for them to accept faith. Science and faith are two different things. Faith declares what science cannot detect. &gt;&gt; Do you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Faith Faith can reach into another realm where science cannot reach. Faith can pull down the promise of God. Faith can bring the presence of the almighty God right into your own being. Faith can do that. Science cannot do that. We're thankful. They're not an enemy one of another to us. But those that become so entrenched that science is the answer, they can become an enemy to your faith, &gt;&gt; not theirs, but what what they put forward. So casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ and having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience. Notice this last phrase when your obedience is fulfilled. You see, if God is dealing with you as an individual on a certain area, on a certain aspect, on maybe a certain part of your life or a certain thing, and you just, you know, you struggle with it and you wrestle with it and and so on so forth. But then when you come to the place where you want to have a revenge on all disobedience, remember Paul says when your obedience is fulfilled, &gt;&gt; when you do your own, do with what God is doing. In other words, it might even be in your own situation. You're asking God for a certain answer. Oh, and you want a certain desire that a certain thing will take place. But down here is an area of your life that you've not been able to bring into full obedience to the word of God and God has dealt with you. Could be just a it could be the most uh elementary thing for a Christian, for a believer, but it just keeps, you know, just keeps uh uh you know nagging on you. Just one of those nagging things down there. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; I'm not alone here. &gt;&gt; And then you face you're confronted with something. You want an answer and you want to bring this thing into subjection to the word of God. And I've got a promise of God. One thing I want you to go out of here today and remember that you can bring revenge on that once your obedience is fulfilled in the other areas. &gt;&gt; Amen. I just want to make that point. The believer's life is one of conflict. And Paul compares the Christian life with warfare. He expresses also many difficulties and knew well that his adversary the devil goes about as a roaring line and we heard it in the conference as well. And I'm not referring now to the struggles of life because we all have normal struggles of life. I have to be very careful here. Satan can use the circumstances and the normal rigors of life. We have you know some of our some of our the details of our life can become very very you know very strenuous and in this day is a day of pressure and we all have it at all levels. You can take a person from the simplest you can think of the most simplest form of life and livelihood. They could go in and punch a clock at 8 and walk out at four and you think they haven't got a problem in the world, but you'll find that person under pressure. Then you'll find the businessman under pressure. You'll find the housewife under pressure. She's got to get the children off to school and they've got this program and they've got the music lesson. They've got something else and they're just going from morning to night. Isn't it so? No, you're sitting quiet because you know that that's exactly the truth. the children and the young people are under pressure at at school. They've got this project and they've got that game and they've got to prepare for this and and why? It's Satan's Eden. &gt;&gt; It's just that simple. It's Satan's Eden. And of course, if if you're not, you know, experiencing that, then God bless you. Whatever you do to protect, protect what it is you're doing or not doing. sinner and saint alike experience these things. That's why I said it's not necessarily you know sometime that's why I said know your enemy. Sometimes these are just things of normal life that you have to go through and sometimes they are also creations of our own selves. We create the situation. We, you know, we've agreed to something and then we make certain decisions and then we find ourselves in a certain place and having to deal with certain things and it's something of our own creation. And I and my wife, we've had discussions about this and we say, "Well, we ought to just, you know, rebuke the devil or take control over the devil." I said, "Well, no, I don't think it's the devil. I think it's just us. I think we we did this. We made these decisions and we created this situation and our heavenly father's just saying, you know, you got into it. Get out. &gt;&gt; Ever feel that way? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You made the decisions. You You didn't consult me. And lot I get it all the time, too. I get, you know, I get asked for you give me advice. Well, what kind of advice do you want? You know, well, uh uh is is the decision to be made or has it been made? No, it's been made. It's a It's already made. Well, I I hope it works out. I hope everything's fine for you. But there's nothing for me to say. It's always after the fact. You know, can't do anything after the fact. The Bible says this. But this I say, brethren, the time is short. It remainth that both they that have wives be as though they have none, and they that weep as though they wept not, and they that rejoice as though they rejoice not, and they that buy as though they possess not, and they that use this world as not abusing it, for the fashion of this world passeth away. Now this is the Apostle Paul and he's giving very very sound advice is he's saying he's saying they that have wives as though they have none. In other words, and they that weep as though they wept not. We have something to weep over. We have responsibilities but they are not to consume us. You know if you have some uh something that brings grief, something that brings some kind of calamity that happens because everybody has a calamity. And Paul is saying, don't major on it. Don't just stay. Don't let it destroy your spiritual life. And it can do so. You might as well say, "Amen, folks. I'm going to preach it till it comes through." &gt;&gt; Years later, years later, they can remember something that happened way back there. way back there. And that thing years ago is affecting their spiritual life today. And Paul is saying, you know, if you have a wife, be as though you haven't got one, not as though you disregard her or disrespect her or her to him. It is that you you're focused on your spiritual life on what God has you here for and and home and life and family and job and everything else is to have its proper position because the scripture also deals with employers and employees and how you serve your master and how you be loyal and you work with integrity. All of that's in the word too. Paul is not saying disregard this. But he said if if you wept be as though you didn't weep. I that has happened all right but I must go on. &gt;&gt; And then if you have something wonderful that happened to you and you just oh it just is brings you into ecstasy. This is the most glorious thing. Fine great enjoy it. But don't just don't just stay with that all the time. Continue on. Move on from there. Bad things happen. Good things happen. Hardships happen. Calamities happen. Great things happen. Joyous things happen. You know, we've had a wonderful convention. You're not going to hear me talking about the convention, how glorious it is for weeks and weeks and weeks. We've had it and we've had it as though we we have the we have it whatever God intended. Praise God. And we go on. It's as though we didn't have a convention because we're looking forward for whatever God has today, tomorrow. I can't live on last week. I'm living on this word now. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We heard some good word. That's great. But we're moving on from there. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. We must be constantly aware. Constantly aware. And I'm staying close to my notes because I have labored over this and really line by line. And this how I want to bring it to you for now. We must be constantly aware that we are living in Satan's Eden. A prophet messenger gave you that term, Satan's Eden. We are in Satan's Eden. And none of us are going to reverse that. This is Satan's Eden. Where you work is Satan's Eden. Where you shop is Satan's Eden. The clothes that you have to choose from have been designed by people living in Satan's Eden. Everything that you hear in the media is completely completely saturated and permeated through and through with Satan's Eden. And that's why we need discernment of the Holy Spirit every day of our life so we can live our life godly in the midst of Satan's Eden. We are in the world, but you are not of the world. &gt;&gt; We're constantly in need of that divine divine discernment. And it is a modern advanced society that we are in where beauty plays a big part, a big role. It's beauty in the automobile industry. It's beauty in the sports program and the sports world. everything is too so appealing to the eyes. The media has become so that you you you could scarcely uh take your eyes off it if you walk in and there's a bunch of football players in on a big giant screen when you walk into a restaurant or a a shopping center and there's all it's it's designed to appeal to the human nature, the base human nature. I'm not talking about sinful things. I'm just talking about something that is that is out there to lay hold of you to give entrance to a spirit. &gt;&gt; Want you to really hang on to that. And so it is critically important for us as believers to have the discernment of the Holy Spirit operating at all times in our lives. and that we use the world, we use what is made available to us to edify the bride body of Jesus Christ and for the advancement of the kingdom of God. We use it, but we don't abuse it in that in that term. This is the scripture which I read. Weep not, they that weep as though they wept not. They that rejoice as though they rejoice not. And they that they that buy as though they possess not. Now you folks aren't going to live very long before you buy something. And they that use this world for we are they. We do use this world as not abusing it. And the word abusing or the word use is to make simply make use of something. Buy a vehicle. Make use of it. Use it for the kingdom of God. Make sure you drive it to church. &gt;&gt; Let me be upfront. There's people who claim to be believers who got wheels and are not here in the church this morning. And I say to them, if they're listening streaming, you ought to be here. We don't have the streaming for people just so they can sit at home. We have streaming so people who are sick, people who can't get to church. But the prophet said, "And now here's the word that is there to protect you." See, it says you should be waiting at the door. Is that what he said? Oh, that's just a little terminology. That's just some night poetic language, is it? Or is it? What does he really mean? What he said? We ought to be waiting at the door. We ought to be in the house of God. We ought to be there to give for our full support to the brother, the sister that's beside us, to say a word, an encouraging word, to give a smile, to give a handshake, to put our money in the offering, all a part of worship. We ought to be here in the house of God. Do you believe it? That's what said &gt;&gt; and that's the protection. &gt;&gt; That's the protection. &gt;&gt; That is what we're living by. &gt;&gt; We're living by the word. &gt;&gt; In other words, living by it is doing it. doing it &gt;&gt; and not abusing it. And the abusing of it is to use much excessively or to use up or to consume by use. To use it up fully, well, we're living in a very uh a world that's given over to it. We're a throwaway generation. I'm not just on to things of our present time, but I'm I'm I'm leading all up to let you know that there's a spirit of the age that's behind that. Use it all up. Throw it away. Oh, get another one. Get a new one. That one doesn't, you know, we're we're using the world, but we're not to abuse it. In other words, because Paul knows that by abusing it, we can we become we ourselves become consumed by what we're consuming. &gt;&gt; We got to we got this. Oh, we got to get another one. We got to get a better one. We got to do this. In order to do that, we got to work hard. I got to get another job so I can pay for what all these things that we're doing and so on so forth. and and and then pretty soon Satan's tactic while you're consuming things, his tactic is to consume you. &gt;&gt; He wants to consume you and I. So, we get on the treadmill. Oh, it might be real quiet in here, friends, but I know what I'm talking about. We get on the treadmill and and Satan sees you through your years. You got to study, study. got stacks of homework. I got projects I've got to do study. I'm just in my youth, but I've got energy and I've got strength and I've got to do this because I got to get to a certain mark in my life and then when I get that I get my title or whatever I am and then I'm then I'm free. I'm done with my studies. You're just starting &gt;&gt; because now you got to work work work to pay for your studies. Oh, I'll be done now. I'm going to, you know, you're going to smile at this because you know exactly where I'm coming. And then you just go and then finally, oh, you meet the person of your life and you get married and from marriage comes children and more and more and the thing keeps expanding. The kids need this. The kids need a horse. Oh, we need an acreage now. We need this. We need something else. We're just going, going, going. And finally, finally the devil says, "What do you know? I got them 60 years old and I just wasted their whole life. And they're at a place now where they can hardly do anything for God. They're all decrepit and all stooped over and they work so hard. They're hip joints and their knee joints and everything else is all shot and saying, "Brother Ed, I'm still young. I'm still youthful. I still got a strong body. I've got a good set of eyes. I've got some skills. I can use the computer. I can use a typewriter. What can I do? Is there something I can do? I don't care how small it is. Is there something I can do for God? Just a little thing. I don't care. I don't need any I don't need to be seen. I don't need, you know, I don't need to be recognized. I just want any little thing I can do. You know, I'm always thinking of things in a kind of a business way anyway because getting the gospel out is is big business. &gt;&gt; Big business. If you don't think so, you should just pay for this convention. &gt;&gt; Boy, that brought the quietest amen, brother Diddy, I've seen for a long time. It cost something. You know, we've got a little kitchen here. I shouldn't be saying this publicly, but I thought I think about it all the time. And uh and the office staff and everyone here and we have to try to run out at different times and and get a bowl of soup and get something. and the sisters are eating their soup or their salad or whatever else their diet stuff and so on at the counter and answering phones and trying to, you know, and I thought, wouldn't it be something if God would just lay it on some sister's heart and say, "You know what? I can make a I can make a fantastic pot of soup and I'll come in there and and if someone came forward and said that, I'd say, we'll pay you. I'd far sooner pay you than Moxy's &gt;&gt; or Earls &gt;&gt; or McDonald's. &gt;&gt; Do you know what a blessing that would be? We wouldn't have to go into that environment of the world. We'd just be with believers. And oh well, now I'm going to be like brother brother Rodal. Okay. We got it said. Now we go on. Wouldn't that be all right, Brother Darren? Oh, I'm sure if I had hands for the office staff here, they'd all raise their hand. Praise the Lord. I'm going to read 1 Timothy 6:17 and 19 to 19. Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not high minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy, that they may do good, that they may be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate, looking up in laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come that they may lay hold on eternal life. So Paul is saying to Timothy that we charge those that are rich in the world. And that's a very relative thing because some say, "Well, I'm not rich." Well, it depends if you were comparing yourself with someone else in the world that could be. but not to be high-minded, not to trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things, that they do good, and that they be rich in good works, and ready to distribute, and willing to communicate, laying up, laying in store, up in store for themselves, a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life. Then I'm reading out of first out of first Peter also 5 and8. And I will be coming back to these things in a moment. Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary the devil as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour. Whom resist steadfast in the faith knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. Now the reason I read that is because uh you know many times I find amongst the Christians they're inclined to believe that you know all the natural things that happen just a daily life in the world. Oh it's the devil. It's just the devil. It's the devil. And brother Brandham says know your enemy. Now the Bible says that these things uh it said resist whom resist steadfast in the faith in the faith knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. So I want to say to you the people in the world have difficulty. We have difficulty. They have disappointments. We have disappointments. They have calamities. We have calamities. They have grief. We have grief. All of those things. But but now Satan might, and here's the critical part, Satan can use that against us. He can use a circumstance. He can use some calamity. He can use some reversal against the believer. But it's not necessarily it's not that. That's why brother Brandham said it's not that God is displeased with a person that he allows these things. We have reversals. We have uh we have financial stresses and all kinds of things that come our way and things when even when you're trying to serve God, you can have some of the greatest disappointments. If you folks haven't experienced it, you're looking at somebody here and I've had my great disappointments trying to do something for God, &gt;&gt; extending extending my own personal self for the kingdom of God and the whole thing just goes right down the tube, right? You lose time. You lose resources. You can lose money. You can lose and lose time and precious time. And I've even said, "God, help me to be able to identify, you know, exactly." And even though you can be doing it just as as as with a pure heart, uh, as sincerely as possible, and then the whole thing can turn in reverse. If I get anything out of the messages I've been reading and I've been reading the contest or listening to reproach for the word, listening to these things and what Paul is saying is, you know, you have a disappointment. So all I I I then I go I go back to the I go back to the message which brother Brandham said things that were identified and I believe it's a message that has come to give us what we need. It's a message for endtime conditions. So, we have an end time condition. And he said, "Simple, simple. Put a bullet in the gun. If it doesn't fire, so what? You going to say, "Okay, you're going to throw this whole thing away. We're not going to do this anymore." No, just put another bullet in. &gt;&gt; So, we had one, it didn't fire. It just went, it was a total disaster. It didn't work. We lost We lost time. We lost money. I invested in a piece of property one time and had several other brothers. There were five in total. And I had these other brothers because they were all involved in the ministry and the missions. And some of them, you know, this whole church knows, but you don't know anything about this situation. Maybe just my own family. And I invested in some properties and the whole thing went sour. And we had a we had a economic collapse in 1980s and property went down like 40 50 and 60% and it was in cut in half and I was still paying on one property and we were hoping that it would you know develop into something and then these five all five would benefit equally from this and one was pastoring and he's pastoring now and one one traveled and did a lot of mission work and I thought this is this is marvelous and another brother had introduced me to it. So we just went the whole thing totally went sour. I lost the property and lost a lost a lot of I had to I had to stand good for it. I had to sell things. So you've never heard this. I had a nice boat. I sold the boat. I had a little place that I would retreat to. I sold it. And the banker even asked me months and many, many months later. He said, "How did you pay this off?" I said, "Well, I sold things. I took pictures off my wall. I had a little cabin. I sold that. I had a boat. I sold that. And I paid this bad debt off. And he says, "And we respect you because there's a lot of other people that wouldn't have done that. They would have just left us holding, you know, they would have left us holding the bag and we probably wouldn't have been able to collect. And we respect you for that." Well, you never heard me say that. That's 20 years ago. That's 25 years ago. You think that that's going to stop a person if I let and I just mold that over and mold that over? No one else had anything invested. I was the only one that had things invested and I was the only one that had, I think, borrowing power, so I borrowed and did it and had to pay pay it off. You say, "Well, uh, you know, you could afford it." No, I couldn't. I couldn't afford it. I just had to do it. So, you say, "What do you do?" Then I prayed. I said, "Lord, you know, I'm down to the bottom of my resources." The Lord knew what the purpose, what the intent, he knows what's in your heart. He knows whether it's for yourself. He knows whether it's for yourself or for the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; I've talked to people and they got great plans and all the rest of it. Oh, the kingdom of God will be blessed. I don't see the kingdom of God very blessed. If some of some of them get blessed, but God knows what you're going to do with it. He knows what you're going to do with the ministry. He knows what you're going to do with the message. He knows He knows if that life is is being poured out for for the kingdom of God. And though we don't sit there and mope over it so much, it's all gone. Forget it. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; My father still owns a cattle on the thousand hills. He'll still provide for everything. He'll provide for the work of God. He'll provide for God's people. Hallelujah. He'll provide for the ministry. He'll provide to get this message out. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; I don't only believe it. I'm I I'm not ashamed to say here, I practice it. I believe in it. &gt;&gt; I believe this gospel. If this gospel didn't work, I'd go somewhere else. &gt;&gt; That's just how much I believe it. I believe it with everything that's in me. &gt;&gt; And believe in practicing what I'm preaching to you today. If I didn't practice it, I wouldn't preach it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. So, everyone that experiences suffering, everyone experiences one kind or another. Can I still take a little bit of time? Just a little bit. We all have misfortune, calamities, I said a moment ago. But Paul, Peter says further in this scripture when we said whom resist steadfast in the faith knowing that the same affliction the same affliction are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. But then he goes on to say in verse 10 and 11, but the God of all grace who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus after we have suffered a while make you perfect, establish, strengthen, settle you. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. And Peter says, "Amen." And I say, "Amen." And we say, "Amen." your adversary, the devil. He's a master of deception. Absolute master at deception. He's the one, remember, he's the one that swed the tears. Now, Jesus gave the parable, but Jesus didn't, you know, Jesus didn't make the program up. He said the swer went forth to sew. Brother Brandham had a vision almost identical. Seer went forth sewing because he knew he was sowing and he knew what would come behind. But Jesus gave the parable and he sowed good seed in his field and while men slept, his enemy, notice now it's enemy. He came and he sowed tears in the field. The tears didn't appear to be different. They all were like grass coming up in the field. But in the harvest time, the tears looked exactly like the wheat. And brother Brandham speaks about it over and over and over again because we are in that season. &gt;&gt; We are in the season when all kinds of people are born again. They all use the same the same language, the same jargon, the same philosophy, if you would, the same spiritual language that we use. The whole world uses it. &gt;&gt; The Bible you hold in your hand is held in millions of churches today. And they love it like you love it. And they read it fervently and they read it in the morning. And they have Bible Bible altar, they have family altar, they have all kinds of things. And people are are not they're not struck by your language or what you use. Now we have in the message we have special terminology. It's a it's a different it's unknown tongues to them. That's why I say the message is so critically important. It is our it is our weapon. &gt;&gt; It is our protection in this hour. &gt;&gt; And you have to know why you live the way you live. Why you dress the way you dress. why you speak the way that you speak, why you worship the way that you worship. You have to know why you do these things. &gt;&gt; Not just that you do them, but why you do them. So it was Satan, the enemy that swed the tears. And he knew what he was sewing because he knew that in the end time his master weapon is deception. in Satan's Eden. Just bear with me now for a few more minutes. I'd love to have just preached, you know, but I I feel that I need to go down step by step. In Satan's Eden, Brother Brandham said, "The deceitfulness of the church of today, the son of predition, the devil." He said, ' Then people worshiping Satan in this day thinking that they're worshiping God, don't tell me that's not a master stroke of deception where he has engineered things to he finally and has a whole company called the Christian community that are actually fighting on his behalf, &gt;&gt; fighting for doctrines which he initiated. doctrines which he swed the seeds for. Just hang on to your seats. I have a few things to say. The people worshiping Satan in this day thinking that they're worshiping God. You know that's a hard statement to make. You meet nice people, good people, church people. They flatly refuse the Jesus Christ that you love. They would not be baptized in his name for nothing. But it would take a great deal of courage on our part to say, "You are worshiping Satan in your church." And in your religion, they would call you all kinds of names very quickly. And the word would go around in the community that you are indeed a wackle, a spiritual, some kind of a religious fanatic. I know it's quiet and brother Brandham says clearly not against the people &gt;&gt; but against the system and the people become subservient to the system. Well, the church says and the preacher says but there's no deliverance in it &gt;&gt; because the very author of bondage &gt;&gt; is at the head of it. This last week, the new pope, Pope Benedict, and many of you know about this, but the new pope issued, now just watch it because probably you don't see it just exactly as I see it. The new pope issued actually not a new statement, but it's a reaffirmation of what he always believed because he was head. And listen, God's in control of things. He was head of the doctrinal, the doctrine of the church. He was a he he was a chief cardinal back in the in the brethren of the church that handled the doctrine of the church. He always believed this statement that he just made and was a it's a papal declaration. And this declaration is that Protestant churches are not churches as such. And if you read his actual statement and what he actually said, he emphasized that two or three different ways that they are communities. They are communities of people. They're communities, but they are not churches. And he pins it right down to their foundation doctrine. And that is and he said only the Catholic Church has the access and the power of salvation because it's the only church that can trace itself back to the apostolic succession. And the apostolic succession is one of the doctrines that your prophet took the axe to the tree and cut that root for you. you and I &gt;&gt; and we know that it that apostolic succession is of the devil. Now listen friends, &gt;&gt; two days later or three days later, this is day before yesterday, the bishop or cardinal of Los Angeles had to get up and make an public announcement because they've had 500 a class action of 500 sexually abused people abused by the priests of their church. and they settled it day before yesterday for $600 million. Now, here's a church that the head has just declared where the only church that has salvation and you others are not churches. You're just gatherings or communities of people. And then they gave a long list. It's in the it's in the newspaper. You can get it if you wish on MSNBC on the on the computer. And they gave a list of all the all the costs of the millions of dollars. 85 million maybe in Brooklyn and 46 million for 84 people over here and another tens of millions over there and 160 million. I was going to add them all up. I I that was just one thing I forgot to do or didn't have time to do for you today. Add up the number of sexually abused people and you can believe that's just a fraction. That's a fraction. This is North America only. In fact, is it's only United States. Now multiply that by South America, by Central America, by Spain and by Portugal and by Africa and all of those countries in Europe and Italy and so on. Multiply it. It's hundreds of thousands of people that have been abused that'll never have a court, never be able to settle it, and I don't have any interest in it whatsoever. It is the center of debauchery. &gt;&gt; And that 600 million didn't belong to them. Did some person burned a Greece candle and paid the church a novena and paid them to get somebody out of purgatory and took up money that people thought they're giving to God. Gave it into the hands of Satan himself and paid for all the illicit sexual acts of their people. I say, what a day that we're living in. nice people, &gt;&gt; good people, but have come subservient to the devil himself. &gt;&gt; And that is the seat of the Antichrist. And we've had a prophet say it and we don't just quote it. We need to identify it. That's what's happening right in front of us. &gt;&gt; Listen, my friends, we may think that your, you know, uh the things in your own life, uh should be consuming all of your time. We got an enemy. &gt;&gt; And it's a religious enemy. It's not just that church. &gt;&gt; It is this whole religious society that puts itself forward. And don't forget, Satan is a beautiful being. &gt;&gt; By his beauty, the prophet said, by his beauty, he seduced the angels in heaven. &gt;&gt; He must be a striking creature. &gt;&gt; He must be a striking creature. And then he allows this civilization, this so supposed to be wise civilization to have him as some hoofed creature with a a tail and a fork in his hand and so forth. What nonsense. &gt;&gt; He's a beautiful creature. And he's used deception. Can I just tell you this? I wanted to look up. He said, "And how can I overcome?" And then I'm going to just give you some statements and try to come to a close. He said, 'We see this age that we're living in. It's one of the grandest ages of all ages. This Leodysian church age is the grandest of all the church ages because it's ending. It's the ending of time and the blending of eternity. Oh, how I thank God we can say that. It's the ending of time and the blending of eternity. And then he said, "It's the greatest sinful age." It's the greatest sinful age. You young people in school, don't forget it. It's a sinful age. And you're going to see things. You're going to see things. And there's going to be a little voice down inside. And men and women, husbands and wives, and single that are here. It's a sinful age. It's the most sinful of all time. And it's being conducted by Satan who's a master of deception. &gt;&gt; And he says there's more sin in this age than there ever than there's ever been. And the powers of Satan is many times harder to fight to fight against than it was in any age. This is a great age of deception. He said, "Christ said so the two spirits would be so close to the last days till it would deceive the very elect if it was possible." I just did a little research. I know that deception is a critical part of any military expedition. Deception in war is a critical part of winning a battle or losing a battle. And here are some of the things that are from documents. Battlefield deception are an essential facet of the command. Command, control, and communications. They call that the three C's. Command, control, and communications. how Satan has taken a hold of communications to communicate with you through every newspaper, every little advertisement, every kind of media there is. Be it radio or be it television or be it uh be it just some announcement of some sort. Satan has taken control because he wants to control the mind. And don't forget, it's deceptive &gt;&gt; command. because he wants command. He wants control and control and communications. He said they call it counter measures strategy. Number three, the purpose of battlefield deception is to mislead or confuse the enemy. You're his enemy and he wants to mislead or confuse you. &gt;&gt; He wants to confuse the decision maker by distorting, concealing or falsifying indicators of friendly intentions. That was his approach to Eve. And he was coming to the first battlefield of the mind of Eve. The mind had been selected. And so he came with a friendly approach. He came like he was with a good intention &gt;&gt; to play on her weakness &gt;&gt; to he said to show her something greater &gt;&gt; more light. &gt;&gt; You'll be God's. &gt;&gt; You're going to get somewhere with this. You're more attractive. There's better way to worship. Something's better. That's why beauty wherever it is whether it be in the music I think keep it so it's very worshipful &gt;&gt; keep your singing so it's very worshipful &gt;&gt; I don't think we need to go to extra measures &gt;&gt; you know extra measures to put ourselves forward &gt;&gt; we had a striking convention it was a high tech convention, but I see that we used the world to advance the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; And it's over and we're we're done with it. And I just say it's great. &gt;&gt; We introduced the kiosk. A lot of people, you know, it just didn't sink in. I can tell you it's going to revolutionize going to revolutionize the distribution of the message. It's absolutely incredible. We weren't even able to scratch the service and I'm not going to talk about it. But I can tell you I'll tell you this friends, you know, the person who who saw it right away had all of about 1300 believers there. I asked the ministers, "You want to see it?" And a pastor did. The last service I'm walking out And the lady who's in charge of the whole thing, whose husband is a lay minister after the first announcement, she caught me and we had given her recognition and thanked her and everyone clapped for her and the man who's in charge, but he's under her and she's actually she's the one you have to deal with for the whole thing there. and she caught me in or actually I greeted her and she stopped me. She said, "That was quite an announcement you made." I didn't even she heard anything. I said, "Well, yeah." I said, "It was." I said, "We weren't even able to say very much about it." Oh, she said, "I thought it was fantastic." And for you that were there, and I'm sure most of you were there, I mentioned Uganda three times because Uganda has four languages, four tribal languages. And when you hit the flag of Uganda, up comes those four languages in their own tongue. And she said, I said, and I I didn't even know she was a a Christian of any kind. I said for a for a educational institution like this I said this is incredible because it has diverse languages. The system will bring up things in diverse language and you can load anything you want on here. You can load all your educational material on here and so and she said yeah she said not only that we have a school in Uganda and she picked up on on networking those two together with their all of their data and their material. So then Sunday I'm just leaving and we're some of the last ones out. And she's there and I just greet her once again, shook her hand. I said, "You've been so accommodating and you worked well so well with us." And she said, "Oh," she said, "That's just something." She said, "I hope you don't mind. I took my pastor back to see the chaos." And I said, "Well, we're, you know, kind of keeping it under wraps yet." Well, she said, "I hope you don't mind." She said, Can I be a sales rep for you? She's dead serious. She said, "I think this is incredible." She said, "My husband is going, he's a lay minister and he's going to Mongolia for with the Asia missions." And she said, you know, she could see it right away. She caught the vision of it right away. She saw all as multiple languages and how you could network these chaos all over the all over the world and print out your own material any place that they were sitting and especially for translators in Siberia, translator in Brazil, translators in the Philippines, translators in China, wherever they are. And soon as you're done the book, click and it's loaded into every kiosk everywhere in the world. Well, she picked up on it right away. She thought it was incredible. So, you know, I thought it was incredible. I still do. Said the purpose of battlefield deception is to mislead or confuse the enemy decision maker by distorting or concealing or falsifying indicators of friendly intentions, capabilities, or dispositions. Can I just give you a few more? And I'm going to close in five minutes. the tactics of deceptions. Now, you know, we can say, "Well, Brother Biscll, these are military." Don't forget this is Satan's Eden. He's also the author of the same tactic, the same system. And as I prayerfully thought and waited on God for this service this morning and I thought of the many many many many years of of speaking with you and seeing what takes place and transpires in our lives. I want to say to you friends, you want to hear this real good because Satan uses exactly the same system within our homes, within our own minds. He tries to appeal to make to make us believe that something is necessary. And when you really look at it and say, "Is this necessary?" Say, "Well, no, it's not absolutely necessary." The tactics of deception are to number one mask or increase in a redeployment of forces or weapons systems which the enemy has spotted. Number two, to block the enemy's perception andor identification of new weapons and forces being introduced into combat. Now I can I can give you I'll give you some of my interpretation this as I go along. Paul said this is coming from left field. Paul said am I become an enemy to you because I spoke the truth? people came into such a mindset that when the apostle Paul spoke the word of God to them they said that's dangerous this is a and apostle Paul said to them clearly he himself can you imagine the great apostle becoming an enemy of the people because he was not saying to them what they intended or what they expected or what whatever David they said it's not relative whatever what is Apostle Paul saying to us and he says I tell you the truth and am I and he's asking the question am I become your enemy because I tell you the truth and I thought oh god sometimes even the truth can seem like it's threatening &gt;&gt; this is threatening me this is going to change my whole lifestyle this is going to change the way I've been living a threat Sometimes the truth set you free to reinforce the enemy's preconceived beliefs to distract the enemy's attention from other activities. This is a tactic of deception to distract the enemy from other activities. If he sees that you come from, I'll put it in our language. He sees that you've come energized and you've heard the word and faith has dropped into your heart. He right away, believe me, he right away is saying that person could be dangerous now. And I've got to use some deception. I've got to attract them. I've got to distract them. I've got to get their focus uh on something else so they will not pursue this direction that's going to be damaging to my kingdom. &gt;&gt; It's absolutely the truth. &gt;&gt; It's absolutely the truth. And here's two I want you to think about. Deception to create the illusion of strength where weakness exists. I know that Satan has been incredibly successful, but I have a message that has the that has a counter measure, the counterattack that has said he is a bluff. &gt;&gt; And you know, it's difficult. It's difficult for us to make that kind of a declaration sometime when you're facing looks like defeat is right in your face. Looks like you in the hottest battle you've ever been. But you need to be able to say according to the word. That is living by the word. I'm going to live. I'm going to act. I'm going to move. I'm going to conduct myself according to that word. Which tells me he is a bluff. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You have to know, friends, you're talking to or an old soldier is talking to you now. And we've had to say, "You're a bluff. You're a liar. &gt;&gt; You're a liar from the pit. You're a murderer from the beginning. And I don't care if it looks like absolute defeat. I'm still going to say what I have been told to say. And I'm living like it. I'm living by it. I'm going to go opposite to what you're telling me. I'm going in the opposite direction because you are a liar. You are. My Lord Jesus said, "You're a liar from the very beginning. You're a liar." And in in face of all of this, it looks like absolute defeat, but you keep saying it. You keep living by the word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I don't care what it is you're struggling with this morning. Friends, you got to identify that enemy. You need to act against him decisively and with full force. &gt;&gt; Full strength. &gt;&gt; Throw all the weapons at him. Throw everything at him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Even though he might say that this has been this has been something that's hung on me for years. This is something that is he's bad beating me down beatating me down. Nevertheless, you got to say, "I'm living by the word of God." And the word of God has declared that you are a destroyer. You are a liar. The truth is not in you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that is why brother Brandham starts off with that scripture Mark 16. And I wondered about that till this morning or last night later on. He said, "And they shall cast out devils." &gt;&gt; And friends, the prophet used that many times because he knew who he was dealing with. And many times you and I don't because he has he's disguised himself. He's moved into our normal, you know, our normal circle of friends and associations and whatever more. Some of you young people that are here got to forgive me. And yet don't forgive me, but I'm going to say it. Some of you have had your hardest battles of what you have termed is your friends. They are not your friends. They are nice people. They're acquaintances, but they're bodies for demon spirits. &gt;&gt; And they operate under their command. And they have associated because they're nice people. They've associated with you and have proven to be your greatest enemy. They have bound you &gt;&gt; to their environment to there by what is called friendship. And how can a friendship take you away from Christ or lessen your effectiveness with Christ? He can't do it. You got to put a new name. I'm sorry. It's not friends, it's enemies. &gt;&gt; I'll be misunderstood. They're nice people. I have wonderful what I call friends that are in the world, but I've got a very clear-cut boundary. and and I and on that boundary when we get toe-to-toe on that boundary, I want to make sure I'm influencing them and they're not influencing me. And this is the line. This is the line. I can't go across this line. We can maybe go and have lunch together as I did well, not too long ago. And I said to a total stranger, "Do you mind if I pray?" I like to say, "Grace over the food." No. Fine. Go ahead. Because at times, you got to take command of the situation. You've got to direct the affairs. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You've got to be aware that Satan can be working through this person because they're not born again. They're not of the kingdom of God. I wish they were. &gt;&gt; I want to try to affect them. But Satan, Satan has put himself, he's a master. Don't forget it. He's a master at deception. &gt;&gt; He controls the things that are that that that you as a consumer need to buy in the store. He's there. My wife, she she used to be in tears, weeping, crying before she would go shopping to find a garments for our girls. And that was years ago when they were not nearly as bad as it is today. Today, they scarcely have a garment. And how the messenger, how your prophet warned us many years ago of the nakedness. It's a disgrace. I tell you, it's a disgrace that this nation and this people in this North America I have I can't hardly take a minister to a restaurant because the young ladies are so unclothed. It's a disgrace. And the fact that you would like to just take a walk and go to a pretty spot and go walking along the water and the it's a disgrace. And this is not Satan's This is not Satan's earth. The meek shall inherit the earth. &gt;&gt; This earth belongs to us. &gt;&gt; When I say that, I say they're going to have to answer to that. &gt;&gt; That's a demon. And the prophet said it is the devil. &gt;&gt; And Satan has come in that beauty. &gt;&gt; You young people with the beauty of strength and health and and and and as as young ladies especially because He also said that Satan would use that body &gt;&gt; that was intended for motherhood. &gt;&gt; He wants to cast it out before the eyes of lustful men &gt;&gt; and bring you accountable. Bring you accountable to answer before God for committing adultery. &gt;&gt; And he said you may be pure as a lily &gt;&gt; and so you need to cover your body. &gt;&gt; You need to dress with loose garments. this business of dressing in something that's nothing more than a sock &gt;&gt; for your upper body that shows every form, every part of your body. That's a disgrace. &gt;&gt; And frankly, we don't want it in the church. Don't want you to influence others by it. Get before God and you say, "Well, what's my protection?" That'll get you into trouble. and you go back to the message and it will give you a protection of how you ought to live and how you ought to dress say, "Well, some churches have gone beyond uh clothesline preaching." This isn't clothesline preaching. This just happens to be the word. &gt;&gt; It just happens to be the way we ought to live. &gt;&gt; If you got a problem with it, just read the message and see what that says. To me, the message has to be our absolute &gt;&gt; for this generation. &gt;&gt; And so the enemy I've taken 10 minutes now. Sorry. He wants to he wants to create the illusion of strength where weakness. Brother Brandham, I just heard him yesterday. He's caught into a vision and he sees a strong man, huge man. He's got a big stick and a little woman. And this man is striking her with the stick. He thought this is this is impossible. And he strikes her again another few minutes and strikes her again. And he goes up and puts his finger at his face and says, "If you do that again, you'll have to answer to me." Then his his own body begin to just like he had muscles huge muscles began to strengthen so much. And then he realized that the woman was the church. &gt;&gt; And this was the doctrine. &gt;&gt; This man was the doctrine with the trinity stick. That's right. &gt;&gt; There isn't a person in this place that doesn't know, not one person, but a good number of people that have been struck by that same stick. &gt;&gt; You don't get it. It's your enemy. &gt;&gt; It's your enemy. He wants to give the illusion of strength where actually weakness exists. And then also he wants to give the illusion of weakness where strength exists. &gt;&gt; And he's played that one on every person in this congregation. Tell you, you're no good for nothing. You're weak. What do you think? You think you're going to You think you can overcome this? You think you're going to Hello. &gt;&gt; He tries to make out weakness. &gt;&gt; That's his deception. And don't let him work it on you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it anyway? &gt;&gt; Where strength exists, &gt;&gt; he wants to give the illusion &gt;&gt; that they're weak. The church is weak. &gt;&gt; I don't major on the weaknesses of the church. There isn't a church that I know of in the world that hasn't got weak spots. &gt;&gt; And I'll tell you something else just before I close. In the Bible, even when God Israel was God's nation, &gt;&gt; Israel would go into battle and have a horrific defeat. &gt;&gt; They were still God's nation. &gt;&gt; He would not deny them ownership of that nation. &gt;&gt; Then they went into bondage. They were in Babylon 70 years. God never disowned them even though he allowed it. And he even said to the other nations, "Anybody that doesn't let Nebuchadnezzar control him and put his neck put his foot on your neck, he said, uh, you're going to be under Nebuchadnezzar, he my servant," he said because he declared it. But he he does not give the right of other people to point their finger at his people. &gt;&gt; And even one place in the scriptures, he they use the word ah. He said you cannot say ah. When God comes against his people and corrects them and brings them corrective measures and maybe gives them defeat and brings hardship and all kinds of things, he doesn't give us the permission to say, "Ah, &gt;&gt; ah, look at that. Oh, look at that person. Oh, look at this." It's not that God's excusing it. He's got his way to cleanse his church. He's got his way to deal with the people. And that's by the Holy Ghost. He's got his way to do it. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you just let God do it and he'll do his work. &gt;&gt; In the meantime, it's my commission, my part to preach the gospel, other ministers to preach the word. It was the prophet's commission to bring the word so we would have it to preach. And we preach it out of the scriptures. And I can tell you friends, our enemy, I tell Satan today, we've got your number. &gt;&gt; We know who you are. Our prophet has uncovered you. The word of God has declared who you are and what you are and that you're a bluff. You're defeated. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I want to sing a song because I just feel we need to close. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. right here in the service this morning. You just been letting something linger. It's time when a word like this has been preached. Say, "Thus far and no further. &gt;&gt; Satan, you're not coming home with me. &gt;&gt; I am done. &gt;&gt; I'm done with you." Maybe something in the character, something mentally, something pounded you over something he's bound you with. You want to announce to him, I'm going to live by every word of God, and you're not going home with me. Are you ready to say that? &gt;&gt; I'm leaving here a free man, a free person. In the name of Jesus Christ, I declare it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Maybe God's speaking to you and you want to just stand to your feet. I'm going to make a declaration. Going to make a public declaration. You're not coming home with me, Satan. &gt;&gt; Look at this people. Hallelujah. You mean it. You mean it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't let him use his deception. He's not strong. He's weak. &gt;&gt; He's weak. &gt;&gt; He's weak. The believer is strong. &gt;&gt; The believer, He's not bloodwashed. You are. &gt;&gt; He doesn't have the Holy Ghost. You do. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Applause] &gt;&gt; It's something real, friends. It's substantial. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I want to sing Victory. Victory over all the powers of darkness. Victory just prayerfully. Victory. Victory over all the powers of darkness. Victory. [Music] Victory. Victory. over the clouds of darkness. Victory battles in a rain angel in the fight. Victory, victory, victory. overest [Music] and God fights for those who victory. I don't want you to fight a passive battle. That's not why I preach this morning. I want you to take the battle to the enemy's camp. I have so much it'll just come in another service. But Israel made a very big mistake at one time and that is that they left an enemy, the Canaanites. They left them in their country and they said, you know, we'll take tribute of them. We'll make them work for us. But it was terrible deception because while they were taking tribute and they thought we're doing so well financially, oh, we got all these Canaanites working for us. But the young cana Canaanite ladies, the young girls, they were beautiful. [Music] And the boys of Israel, they just, you know, they're our neighbor. Their dad works for my dad and we'll just intermar. And they did. And before long, the wife would say, "Well, I've gone to your church. Now you come to mine." Yeah, I guess that's fair. After all, we're in a we're in a marriage relationship, so they'll go to their church. And Israel went into went into idolatry, and God had to turn from them. In our daily life, in our homes, sometimes things come up and say, "Well, you know, I can just use this. I I'll use this as a as a benefit." You have to really watch and make sure it's not a Canaanite we're using. I'm not talking about financial things. I'm talking about, you know, a spirit of a thing comes and you can sense that and you can feel that. So, we're not we're not covering with the enemy. I say take the enemy in your place of business. I'm I'm so thankful for you brothers. I hear testimony after testimony where you stand and you make your declaration and this is what you believe and let every let the chips fall where they may sisters as well. I say God bless you. I felt this service was important today to this congregation and I've got a part two or part three yet coming. All right. Victory, victory over all of [Music] the battles. Angels and God [Music] 777 in the book and we'll close with this song. I heard an old old story and it's still a new story. Amen. Hallelujah. Think you can take this home? Put it into practice. Amen. I can tell you friends, Satan didn't want me to speak this message this morning. He just threw all his guns at me. I'm going to preach it anyway. Going to preach it anyway. [Applause] You know, he used his power deception while I was even writing these things down. You know what he said to me? You want in on it? He said, "Clearly, you haven't got a message. You don't have a message. What are you going to say? You don't have a message." Say, "What did you do, Brother Ed? I just kept my head working. I said, "If I haven't got a message, I'm going to listen to another message. I'm going to get in the car. I've got to go someplace, but I'm going to be listening to Reproach for the Word. When I get home, I'm going to study some more. I'm going to pray some more. I'm going to lay down a rest. I'm going to listen to the contest. Just give it to him." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm not just excited, friends. This is truth. &gt;&gt; And I listened to the contest. Did me so much good. Brother says, "I only got about 10 or 15 minutes to speak cuz this is Christmas Eve and we're going to have the Lord's table." Tell you friends, he said, "I just came down here. Didn't feel like I had anything much to say." Oh, God. Even he felt that way. The devil worked on him. And I'm so glad he preached the contest. &gt;&gt; We're in the contest. &gt;&gt; We have victory &gt;&gt; in the name of Jesus Christ. This is not some hype. This is We've got a thus sayaith the Lord. I hope you people can grasp. I'm sure you do. I know you do. Who else has a vindicate? Churches all over the country. What have they got for what have they got to h their faith on say well if you just send yours back you don't have to go back very far you say we we actually have all kinds of people have pro we have a prophet that means so much to me that stood and declared it oh my hallelujah I haven't told you the truth and he won't vindicate If I told you the truth over and over and he come every time, tell me, was there ever a time that that Lord Jesus by the Holy Spirit, by the pillar of fire didn't come? Was there even once? Never once. [Music] &gt;&gt; I can rejoice over that. Never once, my God came every time and stood behind his word for this hour. All right. God bless you. I heard an old story. Our savior came from glory. how he gave his life on a rich blood and I sleus [Music] myior forever. He sought me and he meal [Music] and all my love to him. He meant [Music] blood. I heard about his healing on his hand [Music] to see [Music] him [Music] and somehow Jesus came and me victory. Oh, Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and his blood. He loved me and I knew to him. [Music] I heard about the man for me in glory. I heard about the sweet [Music] angels singtory. [Music] Jesus myavior forever. He sought me. [Music] I don't know just how we're going to sing what song we're going to sing when we get over on the other side and have brother Gary St. John come up and pray a prayer at the close of this service. Now, Brother Brandham says he's going to give a crown of life. I'm looking down in the faces of people. I believe in my heart of hearts. Be a crown of life for you. A crown of life. It's going to crown your life with eternal life. You have it now, but you'll come into the full realization of it. He'll crown you with eternal life. Some people get the crown because they've had to give their life. They gave their life. They were martyed and we admire them. And we are called on to give our life by he said some will give by giving and some will give it by striving. and you're you're called to strive every day. We're in a contest every day. But then and and and and friends, I think that this will mean something to you because I've tried in this service when I was studying throughout this week. Actually, it's been a couple weeks. What does God actually expect? How will I how will it be when we cross over? And so I look to see and brother Brandham talks about this great Roman emperor and he's having the troops march by. And there comes a little fellow. He's kind of all crumpled up and he's all scarred and he calls him out, identifies them, say, "Come here." Walks up, says, "Where'd you get those scars?" Said, "Fighting for my emperor." He said, "Get in my chariot. You're too good to be there. Get in my chariot." And then, Brother Brandham says this, and I'm going to leave it with you. We're on a battlefield now. We're on the battlefield now. When you go out these doors, say, "Well, I was just at church this morning." Well, your pastor told you you're on the battlefield. He said, "We've got to hurry away, but I just imagine what it'll be when I look across the table and see all the redeemed sitting there." He said he's going to be gathered with his people. And at that table, he describes the scene and what happens. and we'll reach across and get a hold of one another's hand. We start crying. He said, "We've got to." Then the king will come out and wipe all the tears from our eyes and he'll say, "Don't cry, children. It's all over." That's why we're here this morning. That's and I were in church. Don't cry, children. It's all over. Enter into the joys of the Lord that's been prepared to you since the foundation of the world. Our little differences will fade away then, and there'll be one great eternity that I want to spend it with you. Amen. Brother Gary, would you come, please? How many enjoy that? Let's just pray. Father, Lord, this takes my mind back, Lord. Even being in the military myself, Lord. Lord, I always heard Lord we weren't training for peace time. Lord, we were training for battle. Lord, training for war, Lord is to always keep us ready, Father. Lord, and have this this sermon this morning, Lord, just bless my heart, Lord. Lord, just make that enemy more real to me, Lord, this morning, Lord, as we leave these doors, Father. Lord, let us know, Lord, that he's ever present, Lord. We get so relaxed, Lord, some of these days, Lord. We just pray Lord that you would Lord just reveal him before us Father Lord and each and every little thing Lord it's not the big things sometimes Lord that get in our way and Lord get us down Lord but Lord just simple things Father Lord just where we may congregate Lord where we may find ourselves days Lord Jesus we just ask Lord you'd just lead our footsteps Lord lead our blessings Lord lead our lives Lord before you Lord Jesus Lord help us to rise early Lord in the morning and meet you each and every day. Father, Lord, help us, Lord, where we may feel bound. Lord, help us, Lord, where we may feel like defeat, defeated, Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord, where we could, Lord, just just just convinced, Lord, be convinced, Lord Jesus, where that bread sits on the table, Lord, to be consumed with it, Lord Jesus. Lord, to be fed by it, Lord. Lord, to be strengthened with it, Lord Jesus. Lord, each and every day, Lord Jesus. Lord, raise up, Lord. Just believing, Lord, that you've got our portion for us daily, Lord. We're not living off yesterday, Lord Jesus. But not even the convention, Lord, and all that it brought, Lord. And how fantastic it was, Lord, but Lord, tomorrow, Lord, and this afternoon, Lord, and how we may be a blessing, Lord, and not for be to be blessed, Lord, but be a blessing, Father, Lord, to be a giver and not a taker, Lord Jesus. Lord, that we could just be a blessing, Lord, in some way, Lord. Not the great things as the pastor said, Lord, but Lord, just how we may be a blessing, Lord Jesus. Even in a little thing, Lord, even as we were talking, Lord, just being a little flunky footwasher, Lord Jesus, as in your day, Lord Jesus, whatever it may be, as humble as it may be, Father, Lord, it's all got its position, Lord, in your kingdom, Lord Jesus. Lord, help us, Lord. Lord, just reveal your great things to us, Lord, even as we leave here, Father. Bless our pastor, Lord, as we he sat, Lord, even thinking he didn't have a message for us, Lord. Oh, God. What a blessing, Lord. It was, Lord, how your prophet was a blessing to us, Lord. And just daily, Lord, just a blessing to us. Every if we would just sit and not have this word revealed to us, Lord, we'd be no different than the lost out there, Lord Jesus. What a blessing it is, Father. Oh, God. We're so grateful for it, Lord Jesus. Oh, God. We just don't give our thanks enough, Lord Jesus. I would be lost, Lord, without you, Lord Jesus. Without this word, without your servants, Lord Jesus. We're so grateful for them, Lord. Lord, we ask, Lord, you'd bless the rest of this day. That's your people, Lord. Bless your ministry, Lord, &gt;&gt; for having them all in place, Lord. What a blessing that was for brother Gerwall to see the church in its place, Lord Jesus. Everybody lined up, Lord. Lord, we know your time's soon at hand, Lord. We want to be ready, Lord. We don't want one to miss it, Father. &gt;&gt; Lord, just bless your word to us now, Lord. Let us think on it as the day goes on, Lord. &gt;&gt; We ask it all in our precious Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother Gary. &gt;&gt; And I say God bless you. And when you go from this place, if you would please just remember this service and remember when I'm able to approach it again. This next Sunday, we're going to be dedicating brother Roy Shrewsbury's church that had burned to the ground. And you know, it's just I can't explain how God works. This morning, this morning, God gave me a message and I wrote the notes for that service. I don't know how it happens. Just dropped it in before I even got out of bed. And I've been wrestling with it for a couple weeks knowing it was coming up. You know, God just drops it in by divine inspiration. I came out and told my wife I got the message for the dedication. Hallelujah. Be praying for the meeting if you would please. And remember when you go out from here I want you to when you shake hands and I want you to keep in your mind as a soldier in the army of the Lord. Camaraderie is a big thing. You want to encourage one another. &gt;&gt; Encourage one another. Amen. and strengthen one another. Glory to God. Tell them there's absolute victory. I guarantee you you're going to shake hands with one another today. It's only a prelude to reaching across the table and doing it there. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. God bless you. Amen. Now, Brother Tom, there it is. [Music] [Music] Lord, [Music] thank you. [Music] [Music] for the glory of God. [Music] [Music] This is the children [Music] of God. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] The Lord. [Music]
