################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2007-06-03 - 07 0603M Clear-cut And Correct Decision-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2007-06-03
Title:    07 0603M   Clear-cut And Correct Decision-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2VNo8KJ-5E
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] I want to welcome everyone here this morning to the house of God. We live busy lives. How many being busy this week? Man, we're all busy. Sometimes, you know, it's hard to it's hard to slow down. But we want to try to focus on the Lord this morning. Not worry about what's happened this past week or what's going to happen this afternoon or tomorrow. Let's just stop as the scripture says, "Be quiet, be still, and know that I am God." Amen. Let's stand together this morning. Number 769. And when I survey the wondrous cross on which the prince of glory died, my richest gain I count but loss and poor contempt on all my pride. Let's worship him saints. with I wonder [Music] [Music] [Applause] I Yeah. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] my go [Music] [Applause] [Music] Christ my Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] He was glory. [Music] Glory. [Applause] [Music] [Music] He s [Music] the second verse again for me [Music] in The death of Christ my God. I to there is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you. [Music] [Music] There is like there is none like you. There is none like you. Oh Jesus. No thank you. [Music] Search for all. [Music] There is none like there is not like you. There is there is no like you know my heart like you [Music] search for eternity and there is worship this morning there is not like you [Applause] like you Jesus. No one else can touch my heart like to you. I search for eternity and my you are my strength when I am weak. You are my [Applause] You are my all in all. for you as a precious Ius. [Music] [Music] Our great [Music] [Music] my sin my cross my shame. rising again. I lift your name. You are my fall down. Where am I? And when I am, [Music] you are my [Music] [Music] Yeah. Heat. is once Jesus worthy. [Music] [Music] [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Worthy. Worthy is your name [Music] Jesus. [Applause] [Music] I love you Jesus. Jesus [Music] worthy. [Music] You are Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelu Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Glory to your name Lord. Glory to your name Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Father. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord we worship you this morning oh God. Lord, we stand and give you glory for the many things that you've done for us. Oh God, you're worthy this morning of our praise. Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, you're worthy of all our praise, Lord Jesus. You're worthy of all glory, Lord. Worthy of all honor, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's sing together. Only believe all things are possible. Only believe. [Music] [Music] All things are possible. Glory. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Oh, I wonder I [Music] Lord I all things are possible. [Music] &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Amen. We've got uh prayer cloth we want to pray over this morning. and uh ask brother DDA if you'd come, brother DDA, this morning and open the service in a word of prayer. If you've got a need this morning, you just lift it before the Lord as we go to go before him. And if you've got you're out on the internet, the phone lines this morning are listening in, you've got a need this morning, you just lift it before the Lord as we go to prayer. Amen. He's able to meet every need. Brother DD if you come. Let's pray together. Father, there's no better place than in your presence this morning. Lord, it is a privilege to us, oh God, to know that we can stand before the living God. Open our hearts, oh Father. Open our mouths and know that you're attentive to the cry of your children. Father, you're not a God of wood or stone, but you're living alive among us today. We know that the never failing presence of Jesus Christ is even here now. So Lord, we lay aside every weight, every sin, every unbelief, every distraction, oh God. And we want our mind and hearts to focus upon you. Knowing that, oh God, when you are here, anything can take place. Lord, all things are possible. Even as we sang, we know that that's the song the angel father connected with in such an unusual way. It became the theme of this great message of redemption. Oh God. So this morning, we're sang that we believe. We believe that you're here, Father. For those that come to you must first believe that you are. And you are a rewarder of those that diligently seek after you, Father. And this morning, we're seeking for the living God. For you to come and minister to us, Father, for you to open up the windows of heaven, and send down a blessing, Father, that'll make a difference in our lives, oh God. For without you, Father, we are nothing. That's our confession today. So we say, "Come, Lord Jesus. Come and see every hearts today. Oh God, minister to us according to your riches and glory. Break loose upon us once again. Father, let your Holy Spirit touch everyone this morning that when we come to the end of the gathering, we'll know with assurityity that God was among us. Father, we believe the supernatural will take place. Even as your word will be declared by your servant this morning, we just pray that you give him uncction. God, give him liberty. Give him strength, Father, and give him leadership, oh God, to say those things that you know are so necessary for us at this time, Father, beyond, oh God, the need that we're conscious of ourselves. You know what we have need of, dear Father. So we say, have thine own way. Prevail upon us today. And let your word, Father, be delivered with such power that the sick will be healed. And those that are discouraged, they can be encouraged this morning. And those that are wayward, they can be brought back in the middle of the road to walk again with you in fellowship and communion in this late hour. Father, we just want you to have preeminence today. We have committed this service to you, and we believe you've never failed us yet. We just know that you'll take charge once again. Have your way today as we lay our hands upon this cloth. Unworthy as we are, but we know that we cover by the blood today. And you have given us the promise that oh God that when we ask for anything in your name, you shall do it, Father. So when it shall be put upon the sick, let them recover, Father, and let your name be glorified. For we know you're still keeping your word this morning. You're attentive to your promise, Lord, to make it sure to the air of the promise today. We ask that you'll give a confirmation to each one that is seeking a touch from you by your word this morning. We know your word is powerful. There's no limit to what you can do. So, we just come, Father, opening our hearts, dear God, saying, "Feed the hungry soul. Give us that hidden mana that only you can provide in this hour. Oh Jesus, would you have your way today? We love you, Father. We appreciate you, Lord. We just commit the service to you. Bless each one, Father, in this building and those connected by phone or hookup and by internet today. We just ask you'll be mindful of each believer today for we've come to do service, Father, to just lay our lives on your altar. Let your fire consume us and let our sacrifice today be acceptable in your sight. We love and appreciate you. We give you thanks this morning, Lord. There's no God like you, Father. We're so glad to stand in your presence and know that Father, this is a place where we belong. So touch everyone today. The service is done and we give it all to you, Father. Prevail upon us, Lord Jesus. Oh heavenly king, we want you today as the deer pentest after the water brook. Truly our souls hunger for the living God. Who can satisfy like Jesus? Only you this morning. So have your way. We abandon ourselves unto your great care, asking that you'll have your way, Jesus. Have the preeminence that you long to have among your people and touch your servant as you speak through him and you receive your word in our heart. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Then you can have your seats. [Music] Sister Melissa Walman and a group of sisters have a song for us. So if you'd come at this time and get ready. Uh we want to welcome all those who are here visiting with us. We're happy to have each and every one of you here and and trust you know that you're a real welcome here with us and trust that God would bless you this morning. We're looking to hear from the Lord this morning. Amen. As our pastor comes, it's good to have brother Bisl and Sister Ruth back with us. Um couple of announcements. Uh camp registration forms are now available at the uh tithes and offerings box at the back. And also, um, uh, registration for camp is due by Sunday, June the 24th. So, get in as quick as you can. Uh, pick up the forms, fill them out, and get them in, and that would help everyone concerned. Also, there is a junior choir practice this afternoon today at 3:00 here at the church. Thanks. [Music] Dear Lord, I know you called me and I'm baptized in your name. Yet there is this promise you have made. Oh Lord, I'm asking you to fulfill your word that you would fill me with your Holy Ghost. [Music] I'm asking you to fill me [Music] with your Holy Spirit. Fill me. &gt;&gt; Fill me with your love. With your love. &gt;&gt; So Lord, it would not just be a part but a circumcision of my whole heart. There'll be no difference in my standing at my st [Music] to fill me. &gt;&gt; For me to live this Christian life, this old man must die for your spirit to abide. [Music] Oh Lord, I don't want reformation but a Holy Ghost transfusion. For you have said that I must be born again. So I'm asking you to fill me with your Holy Spirit. Fill me. &gt;&gt; Fill me with your love. &gt;&gt; Lord, it will not just be a part, but a circumcision of my whole heart. There'll be no difference in my standing and my stay. [Music] &gt;&gt; To fail me. [Music] Lord, I see the challenges rising and so many of us are hurting. Oh Lord, I would need another touch. If you would only come and live in me, I'd be having constant victory by the faith that overcomes the world. So I'm asking you to fill me while you fill me heart spirit fill me fill me with your love me with your love. Oh Lord it would not just be a butision of my heart. There'll be no difference in my standing and my stay. I am asking you to fill me. Oh, fill me. Holy Spirit spirit fill me. &gt;&gt; Fill me with your love. &gt;&gt; Fill me with your love. for whatever. [Music] There'll be no difference in my standing and my staying you to fail me. Oh Lord, I'm asking you to fail me. Oh, fill me. I'm asking you to fill me. [Music] Thank you, sisters. I know that's each one of us. Prayer of each one of our hearts that the Lord would fill us. Amen. with his holy spirit and allow him to work through us. Amen. Every day, every hour. Turning to the word now as brother Biscll comes. Let's uh singing holy words long perver preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Is that your prayer this morning? Speak to my soul, Lord. So our pastor comes and brings the word holy word for our in this world with God's heart for the word of God. [Applause] Words of life worthwh [Music] Oh, [Music] the word God is word of God. [Music] For we have we the word of God [Applause] [Music] and it You see us through the faithful words of Christ [Music] for our in this world. They sound with God. Oh, the word of God. For God is changing. We have We [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] for the word of God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] for the glory of God. [Music] Here we have come with heart for the word of God. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's worthy. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Isn't it wonderful to gather on a beautiful day? &gt;&gt; It's always beautiful in his presence. &gt;&gt; Amen. So happy to be here gathered with you again this morning. Uh just we missed home of course but we weren't far from your prayers because I know that you were praying and that meant a great deal to us. I'm going to be saying a little bit about uh our journey, the services and so on in just a few moments. But uh would like to uh ask you to do something for me. We are less than one month from the convention and I want to ask that the congregation will take special time in prayer in your own prayer closet or if you are visiting with someone I'd like the man of the house if he would just take leadership and say the pastor has asked us to have special prayer for the convention. for the direction for the presence of the Holy Spirit that the supernatural will be in attendance. We are not gathering to just hear a lot of words or to gain a bunch of information. We want God to be glorified. That's what we want to see take place. So I'm asking the congregation to take this month now from now till the convention and through the convention and ask for special prayer uh for direction and if you will please pray for me. We have a lot of weighty matters that are resting upon our shoulders. We want to make uh the the correct and uh wisest uh decision in these matters. And so if you would do that, I'm sure that you will because I'm requesting that you will do that. We will have prayer also before we turn to the word in a few minutes. We want to be remembering our brother Ron Peterson's twin brother, brother Dawn. He uh had a a severe heart attack, I understand, and they took him in and and have done a u uh surgery, heart surgery. Um I believe it's a triple bypass or something that has been done. I don't know all the details but I know that the operation has been uh completed and brother brother Don is uh brother Ron is speaking to brother Dawn about uh other issues in his life and and he wants us to pray for him. pray that he will come into a place of real fellowship with with God once again. And uh so I'd like you if you would join with me in remembering brother Dawn. Also before we uh go to prayer and before I say something more on the uh on the on the trip uh I want to make announcement regarding the Sunday services. And next Sunday, which is June the 10th, we will be having two services. But then from June the 17th, which is the following Sunday, we'll be going to one service because the US students are out. the borders are in they're already very very crowded and we'll be going we you know I talked to brother I talked to brother uh Tim Puit and they had gone to one service on Sunday but he said they started like having camp meeting because he took so much time in the Sunday morning service and he said he felt so liberated to really speak his the full message that God had given him. He said they were just having a camp meeting every Sunday. And so that was I I really appreciated that. But we'll be doing this just for our uh the summer and from the 17th of June because then we're also very very busy preparing for the s for the convention. And there are people that are coming prior to the convention. They'll be coming the last latter part of June at different schedules and remaining after the convention. Some are not going till maybe the 10th or 11th or on into that week. We already have about 67 confirmed ministers that are coming already and they're confirming as their visas become available. uh and uh brother Cesar who we were concerned about uh from Brazil. Brother Cesar H and his wife both got visas. We're very very delighted about that. And so we'll be receiving them early and we're going to have a very full schedule. So if you'll just remember starting June the 17th will be one service and it'll be through June, July, and August until school starts after our family camp. And so that is that uh that much of that schedule. Now before I uh say anything further about the uh the the trip because it was a very very full trip, a very very intense schedule and uh and I have some slides for you as well. But I'll ask you once more if you'll rise if you would please. And I want to have prayer. Father, as I stand before this audience of people today and those that have joined us in the invisible audience but not invisible to you, those that are streaming feeling a part of the service this morning. I want to thank you for the prayers that have been uttered. Oh God, as I and my wife were on duty elsewhere, and I pray, Father, that today you will uh place a blessing, a double portion upon the congregation, oh God, of your spirit. Without you, we testify we are nothing and we can do nothing. We can achieve nothing. Works means nothing. We need your Holy Spirit and we have your Holy Spirit. We need your word and we have your word and now we ask that your Holy Spirit will take that word and just cause it to be a a flame within us. Oh Lord, I pray that you will do a greater thing for each individual. And as we've already prayed, Lord, in the study, I pray that you will come in such a personal way. We have personal needs, Lord. Every person's need is different one from another. And Lord, who all are under the sound of my voice, I call upon you, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ, that you will do something very special for each individual. And may we come with expectation today, Lord. We're not wanting to have a God of history. We don't want a God of the future. We want a God that is now and present with us. I pray, Father, for Brother Ron Peterson's brother. I ask, oh God, that you will visit uh Brother Don in a special way and that you will talk to him, that you will you'll draw him and woo him, oh God, touch him physically. And there may be other physical needs that are here, Lord, spiritual needs. I pray, oh God, you will meet them as we've already heard our brother Dier pray. But now, Lord, I want to blend my voice, oh God, with his voice and the voices of all that are here and say, "Oh God, here we are, Lord. We're here to hear from you and we're here to receive from you. Your will be done now in Jesus Christ's name." Amen. While you're still standing, I'm going to read scripture that we will turn to after the uh the slides have been presented, but we'll read it while we're now standing out of Genesis the 24th chapter and we will read from the uh 58th verse of a short reading. ing just the three verses 58, 59 and 60. And Eleazar has gone now and has uh found Rebecca and he's with Rebecca's family and he's told them that he doesn't want them to hinder him. He must return immediately. And they called Rebecca and said unto her, "Wilt thou go with this man?" And she said, "I will go." And they sent away Rebecca, their sister, and her nurse, and Abraham's servant, and his men. And they blessed Rebecca, and said unto her, "Thou art our sister. Be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which hate them. Amen. God bless you. You have your seat. You'll remember those scriptures, please. when we'll be coming to the word shortly. We arrived in Usuzbekiststan uh in Tascant Usbekiststan and it was late in the evening uh it was right getting close to midnight actually around probably 10:30 11:00 in the evening and uh uh when we had arrived God so supernaturally had mercy on us and arranged a taxi for us and how it happened was uh my wife and I are just going out uh of the airport and I'm kind of one to kind of go with the flow, but our luggage was some of the last luggage to come off. I'm I'm uh I'll just wait with the slides please for a few moments if you don't mind as I want to give a little bit report here first and uh so uh because our bags were some of the last to come off. We came out of the airport last. We were just with the there was only a couple of the stragglers behind us or with us sort of thing. In fact is I think it was only one other couple. the whole plane load had already gone and dispensed with. And of course, you're in a new airport. So, we're just kind of following, you know, whoever whoever there's a few people. And I thought for certain that I'll find some airline ground staff there and there'll be a there will be somebody to speak to and I'll just ask them to assist me to get a taxi or a shuttle or whatever more into the city. Well, because our bags were the last coming or some of the last coming off. We were the last coming out of the airport and I just was going with the people. It's all kind of dark and not too well lit. And as we moved on, uh uh I I found myself outside. Uh you know, I was waiting. There were some people waiting to receive, you know, guests, etc. When I got outside, uh there was people waiting there, too. But I think they were like taxi drivers and I don't know who all just around the airport. Not a lot of them, but maybe 15, 20. And so when I got out there and I realized I'm outside and uh there is no counter to go to and there is no ground staff and there's nobody to ask and and and I'm just looking at a a group of men and I know that there are taxi drivers all looking to take somebody into town. So, uh, and I can't, uh, I certainly can't speak their language, and they, most of them speak Russian. So, there was a, a couple right beside me that had come off the plane. They were just like one step behind, and a young man greeted them, and I thought, well, that's their son. And I I just looked at them real quickly and it looked like uh it looked like maybe they looked a wee bit alike and they were definitely Europeans and uh or Americans, one or the other. And they were embracing and they were just having such a jubilee over seeing one another and all my and I I was in desperation. So right while they were hugging one another and just saying all of their nice things, I excuse me. and they kind of shocked and stopped. And I said, "We need to I I need some help to get a taxi to a hotel." And this tall young man who was greeting these people, he said, "Well, I'll help you." I said, "Oh, that's that's that's wonderful." Uh, I said, "Well, I said, I need to get a taxi to go into the into the into a hotel in the city." And he says, "Okay." So, he starts speaking to some of the men. this one comes and the other one comes and there's a conversation breaking up and they're all, you know, it's just a bunch of jabbering to me. And so I'm I'm just sitting there innocent. I said, "I'm sorry, you know, to this other couple. I'm sorry to interrupt your your greeting." Oh, they said, "That's fine." And uh and so he's busy and he's trying to, you know, converse with these people. And I can see even he's having a little bit of a struggle conversing with them. And and in in the den of the conversation, everything I hear kind of in a broken broken language, Eddie Bis. And and where'd that come from? you know, kind of I'm sitting here in the middle of this foreign country where that voice that sounded I didn't I couldn't even tell where it came from cuz all these men are kind of, you know, vying to get a a job driving us in. And uh so so this this man, he turns and he he and and he didn't even understand what those words meant. Idis, it was another language to him. And I said I said, "That's that's that's my name. Who who said that?" And then I heard, you know, pastor. And so this man turned to me, says, "Are you a pastor?" And I said, "Well, yeah, yeah, I am." He said, "Well, you know, this man," and I was looking at a young man's face and and uh and he was a believer. He'd been sent there to meet me, but he couldn't speak a word of English, and I couldn't speak a word of his language. And uh uh and and the man who was talking he I I learned later that he had been in Usuzbekiststan for 10 years. So he spoke Usuzbck, but this young man only spoke Russian and couldn't speak. So now we had a triangle of difficulties cuz they couldn't understand each other either. So they were trying to stumble around and he was trying to, you know, he was looking this way looking the taxi driver looking at me looking the young man has been sent to meet me and he just can't sort it out. And he said, "Look," he said, "I'll take you to the I'll take you to the uh to the hotel. I got a van." I said, "Well, can you do that? I don't want to put you out. It's quite a few miles." "No, no, no." He says, "I'll take you." He said, "I got a van. We'll just load everything in the van and I'll take you." So, in a few minutes here, I and my wife are in with this other couple who were on the airplane with us, with the man who met them, who I interrupted, and a fellow that I can't speak to and he can't speak to very well. and they're sitting in the front seat and we're all driving into task camp. And I thought, God, I think you your ways are way above my ways. And so I asked him, I said, "Well, you know, uh, well, how come you're here in how come you're here in uh, Usbekistsan for 10 years?" He said, "I'm a missionary." I said, "Well, wonderful. Praise the Lord." He says, "And the people I just met," he says, "that's our that's a pastor and his wife." Well, wonderful. I said, "Where are they from?" I said, "They're from Taber, Alberta." Oh my This is getting close to home. And they said, "And so I said to them, I said, "How do you know him? Is he your son?" "No, no," he said, "he's just a he he's a missionary from Alberta. He's from Calgary or Edmonton." "My goodness, you're speaking my language. You know, I understand this part of the world." And here we are all in a few minutes in a van driving into the hotel. And I just thought, you know, only one only one person can arrange that and that has to be God Almighty. And there I was on the airplane kind of concerned and worried about, you know, cuz I knew Brother Peter Ivan was coming over to be interpreter and to be with us and all the rest, but he wasn't arriving for another two days. And so we were going to just kind of rest and recuperate and get adjusted to the 12 hours change of time from here to to Usbekistan. And uh and so we got names, we exchanged the names and and he was trying to find out then from this young man, brother Dimma sitting in the front seat, you know, h you know, he was trying to get how are you connected? You know, you can't say a word to each other. So what is the connection? You don't have an and I could hear the I could hear the name brother coming up, you know, and so I was wondering, well, I wonder what kind of testimony this is. Anyway, some connection is being made and God, you you you do these things and we don't know what's happening exactly, but I just trust you for it. And so that's how our that's how we had a taxi prepared by God himself that took us to the airport. We arrested uh we arrested rather and adjusted to uh and we're almost arrested too. We took pictures where we shouldn't. And uh we waited for brother Ivano's uh arrival, brother Peter. And then uh brother Anatoli drove from uh Novi uh Novi it is and uh came it was a 7-hour drive and uh then he came to meet brother Peter and we all flew then to Bukar which is another city and from there it's about an hour hour and a half drive to Novi uh Novoy Novoy I'm sorry it is and there we had uh meetings We start with meeting on Friday. We arrived there Thursday. Had meeting Friday, Saturday, Sunday. And then Sunday evening, there's always big surprises. So, Brother Anatoli says, "My son is getting married on Sunday evening, and we want you to conduct the wedding." I said, "Well, that's quite impossible because I said, I can't to begin with. I, you know, I'm speaking through an interpreter." No, no, no. I said, "That's fine. That's what we want." He said, 'We want to see how you do a wedding and you know how how the believers do a wedding. And I said, 'N no, it won't be the way we do a wedding. I said, 'You just do it and I'll be there and bless the bless the couple with you. No, no, no, no. Please, brother, you have to do the wedding. So, uh, brother Peter Ivanenko became the official, uh, Russian marriage man, I I believe, because he he had to go through all the vows and everything, but he did a masterful job, and I was so thankful. Uh, I was thinking of you, brother Diddy, yesterday. He he uh he just did a masterful job of uh of uh helping us and being very present in all of the meetings. and about maybe 12 15 hours a day uh because he was right there at our side all the time in personal conversations with brother Anatoli and other deacons or officers of the church and whatever more and he was just uh indispensable. on Monday uh on Monday at 9:30 we had a meeting with the uh mayor of of the city of Navoy and uh and we had about a half an hour together and that was actually quite a critical meeting because I'll show you his picture in a few moments but uh it's so God's ways are so supernatural and I want to take enough time just to share this with you if you don't mind brother Uh, brother Anatoli came to the knowledge of the message while he was a a pastor, Pentecostal pastor of a group. So when he came to the message, uh, the bishop in Taz Kent apparently came to the government and said, "There's a a cult group that has risen up and they need to be shut down." and uh and they're not registered. So, a letter came from the ministry of ed of of religion to the mayor and the mayor called up brother Anatoli. It turns out that the mayor and brother Anatoli worked together as young men in the same factory for 10 years and they were buddies. They were real close friends. And so he calls brother Anatoli and said, "Anati, we have a problem and you you need to come here. I need to see you." So when he saw him, he says, "You see this letter?" He said, "You know, they're going to shut you down. So you have to do something." So then he traveled, brother Anatoli traveled to Tashant, saw the authorities and said, "We're not we're not a fact is we do things according to the scripture that the bishop and his group doesn't do." And he went to the bishop and told them, "Listen, you know, you call us a cult. You're the people that don't even baptize according to the scripture. The scripture says you baptize him in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and you don't do that." And so he he was able to he just came he faced the thing right front you know face to face with the right people and then applied for registration for their church and became uh they became registered in uh and we did know that they had be we knew that they had become registered but we didn't know how it had happened and so I just wanted to fill you in with that because brother Tony and he and sister Rebecca came back had given us the information that they had become registered and I knew that but I didn't know all of the details and I thought this was marvelous because God once again doing it his own way. Isn't that wonderful? And he just had and little would we know that maybe 20 years ago you're working beside somebody who one day is going to be in a key position not a believer but in a key position to on behalf of the message and on behalf of the gospel. God's ways are wonderful. &gt;&gt; Amen. and he arranges things. He's even doing it now which we're not aware of. And so we had this uh very fine meeting with the with the mayor. Uh and then on Monday after that we spent between five and six hours with the trustees and the deacons and their wives. And then Tuesday we traveled to Buchar and then traveled on to Taz Kent from there. Brother uh Peter was with us now. And on Wednesday, uh, brother Anatoli after taking us to Buchar, then he drove back home and and then drove all night to drive to Taz Kent because he wanted to go to the US embassy and try and get visa for his wife and son. He has a visa for America and he and anyone who has a visa for United States can pretty well automatically get one for Canada because the immigration process has has become pretty well seamless and so they can just go to the embassy in in Seattle and get visa for Canada but he didn't have a visa for his wife or his son and he wanted them both to come and be here at the convention and that was quite an experience. We never got into the uh into the embassy. However, brother Peter did and uh and then we got them an appointment. We don't know just exactly. They have now an earlier appointment and that was the purpose of getting them there. So, we pretty well spent Wednesday doing that. Thursday, we flew to Frankfurt and were met by brother Rodel. Roald who met us and uh drove we drove then to Beaslesburg. They had prepared a real lovely uh uh apartment there and Beaslesburg is just real quiet uh village of a thousand people on the edge of the uh black forest and they have the apartment supplied with food and flowers and you know nice things for us and it was just really really lovely and I I want to say that we are so grateful to brother Rodel and and his uh sister and his wife for their hospitality. It was just uh they just did everything that was possible to do for us and to let us get be ready for the meeting. We were also very much encouraged and strengthened to have brother Chris and Sister Sigret Peterson come and be there. It was always an encouragement when you see uh someone from home and we were strengthened by their presence. uh we had meetings uh four meetings in Germany Saturday night, Sunday morning, Sunday evening and on Monday morning and then we met with the ministers after the after the Monday service as well on into Monday evening. Then they had a a lunchon with the ministers and uh meeting with them from different they're from different countries several different countries and there were about eight or nine uh countries where the people came from. It came from Poland, Czechoslovakia, Switzerland, France, Lithuania, and so on. But we so appreciated our time there. And brother Rutald will be coming with uh one of uh a brother that's been assisting him, a young man that he cultivated up. Actually, he's a Russian brother. His name is Brother Sergey, and he speaks German fluently. So he has been brother Rotoald's personal interpreter and has been ministering and been working in the office. But uh and you can pray for brother Sergey if you would. Uh he had received an invitation more than an invitation a request to come and pastor uh the church in Moscow. And so brother Roald was struggling with that at the time. Uh we also had a it was a real pleasant thing for both I and my wife. We had an opportunity to meet uh the saints that stream and they stream I believe every Sunday from Switzerland our morning service now. No doubt they are and I would like to just greet them because they they have felt so close to us and and uh you know you can't say everything but we had an opportunity to meet them and we've caught a few emails from them not many but just a few and now we're able to see their face and when uh brother Jason uh Ashdown stood here and told the testimony how God had after I think about eight years had given conception to Sister Emmy and uh and that they had a child. Here was this couple, one of the couples and it was actually son-in-law to the to the first couple that were beginning to stream and these other people were not streaming. their son-in-law was not streaming, but he told them, he said, "You you should, you know, we're being very blessed by these meetings." And, you know, things happen in people's lives and maybe they feel just a wee bit cautious, but so they decided to stream and and and then they get they get really gripped by the atmosphere and the word and the ministry. And then here in the song service, Brother Jason gives testimony. And here they are 12 years. I believe it's 12 years and his wife's barren and have been prayed for. And so they took heart and said, "Look what God has done." They took heart and said, "Now we will, you know, we'll be prayed for again." And here they embraced a child. And brother Jason said to Emma, I Emmy, I was able to just just put my hand on the cheek of that child and say, you know, the promise of God answering faith. And I was really thankful. That was just really really special. And so it was a real joy to see them face to face. I appreciate that. Can I just go through these slides quickly with you now? And uh I don't want to take up too much time, but we don't also we don't want to be too time conscious. I won't be any longer than we need to be. So that's brother uh brother Anatoli and brother Peter just in the restaurant there. This is the hotel in the hotel lobby when we met uh of the believers part of the congregation. That's the way they have their song service. They have several that are are leading. That's uh more of the congregation from the other side worshiping uh brother Peter translating for me and uh is just to give you some idea of the and this building uh I just stop here for a moment they have u uh during the Soviet rule they had apartments that they provided for workers and Apartments were almost given to the people free. So you have these apartments four or five stories high and then in between the apartments is like a little area with some trees, a large sandbox for children, a closed lines if the ladies like to hang out their clothes. And so it's just a little people space between each of these apartments. These are long apartment blocks. And actually it was very very nice. They had it arranged. Well, between this one block of apartments was a huge um public washroom where people could go from their factories etc and shower. But because each apartment had their own bathroom and shower in them even though they're quite sparse and and so this place this building became a place that was just in total disrepair. It was just dirty and tore down and was coming apart. And so, Brother Anatoli, when he was being put out and was seeing the message, this place was sitting between two of these apartments. And it's really, you can see the size of the building, but they had to do enormous amount of work. The ceiling was not nearly as high as you see it right now. And so he went to the authorities and said, "Listen, you know, this was a big public washroom. It's a it's a it's an eyesore. It's just a terrible site here, and we would like to fix it up, but we need it for a church, and so we'd like you to give it to us. It's still for the people, and and if you'll give us this, we'll fix it up." So they actually gave him this site, and this is the place he's had, this church. They had to pay for all the work and everything else. And actually you assisted a wee bit here from the church as well for them. But but this is the building that God has given them. And underneath they got a a small balcony and underneath it's unfinished and it's a very old but underneath is a is a full full basement that is unfinished. No floor in it. But it was wonderful that God gave them uh this place is one of the officers of the church. This brother here and his wife. They just uh I I really felt for him. He's come from a very hard life and he's a caretaker. Kind of looks after the place every day, but he lives with his with three other families in a in a in an apartment. And uh another one of the brothers, two brothers at work, one brother I believe is a deacon. The first brother uh they were having prayer with us at this time. Here's some of the children singing. Their children are so much like our children. Brothers giving a dedication of a child. And uh that is actually their song leader there that's handing his child to brother Anatoli. Here's the baptismal started. And I was very impressed with the baptismals. I wasn't there at the site because this was far from the city and I was preparing for the evening service, but they baptized 19 people and I thought that was wonderful. That's not a result of our meeting. That's a result of his work and I thought that was wonderful. It went right from a a teenager, but most of them are adults. And he said 60% of them were Muslims. And the eldest lady was 83 years old and could not wait to get baptized. So I said, "Praise God for that." Oh, let me just go back here a moment. This is the brother right here. Uh the Yeah, second from the right in the blue jeans. He was the one who was waiting at the airport. His name is brother Dimma. And that's about all I can say about him. This is brother the bride uh that brother Anatoli's now his daughter-in-law. That's her father. And I think he's one of the trustees or deacons of the church. He's one of the officers of the church. Uh and uh so we're praying here for the couple in the wedding. That's brother Anatoli's son. And here's uh their group of young people singing, children singing. This is also the group that were baptized. Now they called them all forward, gave their names and gave each one of them a a flower, presented them with a flower or a small bouquet in remembrance of their baptismal, which was very nice. as one of the trustees, uh, main deacons. On the premises also is a is an oven. Actually, a little bakery and three young fellas run this bakery. They're not I don't believe they're members of the congregation, but they make bread every day uh in this bakery and then the people come out and uh and pick up this bread and I can tell you it is a really wonderful bread. Uh while we were at uh one of the visiting at one of the people's places, they said, "We'll show you a silkworm factory." And this was it. Those are silk worms uh producing silk and they eat these uh mulberry tree branches and they're they're taking big loads of these branches into these places and then they just get it's u just sage brush and these uh silkworms go into the sage brush and then you see the cocoon there and and that's where they get silk. Uh this is the might look like the interior of a lovely hotel. This is the subway in Tash Kent. And I tell you, it is clean. Big chandeliers hanging all down. You won't find any subway like that in North America, I don't think. And there's another shot of it with a train and a woman sweeping. And we took uh we took two shots and had the police right in front of us. You don't not supposed to take pictures of the subway. And uh another refreshing thing is uh you could scarcely see a woman in a pair of pants. They're all in dresses and a lot of them lot of them long probably over 50 60% of them. Uh the the area there is is what was known as the Silk Road coming from uh Asia. And uh and th this place here, this this gate, behind this gate was actually a stomping place on the Silk Road. And across the road from it is a well. And this is a well. We read about Rebecca coming to the well. It may have been like this because it's the same kind of the same idea. down inside here uh down from where Sister Biscll is standing is the water in there and they build that dome up over it and that is the well at 9:30 on uh Monday morning I said I met with the mayor this is the mayor of Navoi and there he is with his good friend so it's more than just a meeting it was a wonderful opportunity to confirm to the mayor that uh of the message and he said that he has seen the DV he said I've seen the DV DVD of the church and the meeting that uh an brother Anatoli spoke there and here we are sitting on the floor they put the normally they put the food on the floor they said but they put it up about 8 10 in so we could get our legs under the table we're sitting on the floor with a cushion behind our back and that's fine but we were there for about 3 hours. Uh that was before we had a break and then we had a break and went to the silkware farm just down the street and came back and sat there for another two hours. So we were in that room at that table for 5 hours and now they asked me to speak to the trustees and the deacons and so on. So uh that's what we did. an abundance of uh nuts and raisins and so on in the marketplace and uh that's it. So now you have a little bit of an idea. You've been to Usuzbekistan. God bless you. All right, I think we did pretty well. took about 15 20 minutes and give you a bit of an idea. Let's just have a a word of prayer once more, please. Lord, it has been our uh great privilege to be able to uphold your name in other places as well as home. But here we are at our post of duty and we confess that we can do nothing here unless you guide us. We have already sanctified this day and set it aside for you this evening. Lord, as our brother Lance will come, we've already prayed for that service. We've prayed for him. We've prayed for the congregation. And now, Lord, I pray for them and for myself that you will now give words of utterance. We thank you for the testimony of this people and I pray that the light may shine out from this place many many places throughout the world is my prayer in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And they called Rebecca and said to her, "Wilt thou go with this man?" And she said, "I will go. I want to speak to you this morning and I have already felt the divine presence of God as I as I studied not only on this subject but as I had prayer before I came into the platform. I just felt a very sweet and wonderful close presence of the Lord. And I've asked the Lord that he will convey that to each of you on a personal basis. We don't want a historical God. We need a God that is with us right now and here. A God that is doing supernatural things. And I'm absolutely determined that that's the way it must be. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? I want to speak to you and I've given a title to this subject and it simply is a clearcut and correct decision. Brother Brandham makes reference to Rebecca and he said it was a clearcut. He makes reference to Ruth also. It was a clear-cut decision. Don't ask me to leave you. Ruth said to Naomi, "Your people will be my people. Your God will be my God. Where you live, I'll live. Where you die, I'll die. Your land will be my land." It was a clearcut decision. And I was impressed with that. He speaks of a clear-cut. And uh I've added correct decision because I'm even going to add another couple adjectives to that as we move along. We are faced with constantly every day. Every person is faced with having to make decisions. We make decisions. Some are more important than other decisions. When we travel such as we have just on this trip, we're always interested in finding out what the weather is like and what is the expected uh conditions that we are going to be faced with because we're making decisions based on you're going to make a journey. You make a decision based on the weather. You might make a decision that's based on your finances. You make a decision that's based on other personal matters. And we are always faced with decisions. We we are faced with decisions about where are we going to live, where are we going to move. Uh we need to have uh we need to have into consideration where our children are going to go to school or where is the church. And these are fairly important decisions. There are some decisions which are even much more important than that. And that is there are some decisions we only make once in our life. There are decisions concerning marriage and those are very critical decisions. But the decision about I will go that that decision that Rebecca made she only made once and then all other decisions became subject to that one decision. Will you go with this man? I will go. And it was over. Amen. &gt;&gt; Didn't matter whether it was a camel or a Cadillac or whether it was she going to live in a tent or live in a palace. She didn't ask, "What are what's it going to be like when I get there? What am I to expect? What does he expect of me?" She just said the decision was, "Will you go with this man?" And her quick clear-cut decision and a correct decision was that I will go. It's only made once in a lifetime. And it changes the course. It changed the course of her life forever. &gt;&gt; And not only her life, but it changed the course of the life of many others. And I want you to just hold that in your mind as we move through this decisions. When it comes to a major or major spiritual decision, let it be known to every person here. Your decision is not just to yourself. Your decision will affect the lives of others, many others in fact around you. And God has ordained it to be that way. Now, brother Brandham referred to her time, this Rebecca's decision, and he said that that she was called to a decision time. You see sometimes it is not even uh circumst your circumstances it may be circumstances and often it is that God has arranged and God brings you to a decision time. In fact is when that happens you may think that you can be neutral but you cannot be neutral. Brother Brandham also said about the people that were in the service and I'm going to say it to you that are here this morning. You'll make a decision before you leave this building. You'll decide that I believe that word. You'll decide. The pastors asked me to pray. I am going to pray. I'm going to take that to heart. You'll decide on how the service how the Holy Spirit I know before coming here to the service that the Holy Spirit is going to take this subject and deliver it to your doorstep. and you're going to look at it and say, "Now, what do I do with it?" &gt;&gt; And you're going to be forced to a decision. You won't be able to remain neutral. And and and the prophet said, and I'll say it this morning, it's impossible, impossible for you to walk out of these doors the same as you walked in. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; It's good that we're brought to a decision. It's good that we're faced with decisions. It's not bad. It's wonderful that God would that listen, there's multitudes of other people that wish they were sitting in your seat this morning. &gt;&gt; Lots of people wish they were sitting in your seat. Wish they could hear something with hope, &gt;&gt; something that's positive, something that we know has been done. And we know that God did it. &gt;&gt; God brought this message. God vindicated it. We didn't have any hand in that. God brought it in our season. Brought it in our time. Those of you that are young people and you say, "Well, I'm here because my parents are here." You want to thank God your parents ever heard this word and that you've been brought up in such a home. Hallelujah. You want to thank God that God had that kind of grace upon your life so that you can say, "I didn't do a thing. God brought it by my way. But now, because he brought it by my way, I can't remain neutral. I have to make a decision about this and my decision shall be the same as Rebecca's decision. I will go &gt;&gt; and it'll be clear-cut and it'll be sudden and it'll be irrevocable. &gt;&gt; This cannot be changed. I'm making my decision and my decision is to I will go with this man. This man, the Lord Jesus Christ, this man. And God sent a man to this generation and I'm not ashamed to say I've heard what brother Brandham has said and I'm following that &gt;&gt; and my life has been greatly blessed. Other people can say whatever they want to say. I say the blessings of God, the blessings of Abra, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the blessings of that God, any supernatural being that can stand at the pullpit and tell a man the secrets of the hearts of the people and give them a solution to their dilemma and their and their questions and their confusion, such as it was to myself. I serve that kind of God. That's the kind of God that I want. He'll be God of my life and I'll say I will go with this man. &gt;&gt; A decision is the actual act of deciding. It is a decisive result. &gt;&gt; It is the quality of being positive and firm. &gt;&gt; But not waffling around. Well, you know, God hates that kind of thing. Quite frankly, I don't care for it either. I like people, well, maybe I think it's all right. You know, I kind of sympathize with it. And I I just don't get off with that kind of thing. I like a person that sees the issue and says, "I'll go with this. I'll decide for this. I'm going to be affirmative about this. I'm going to be positive about it and I'm going to be firm with it. My decision will not change." &gt;&gt; Amen. And a a decision is the ability to choose or decide about things in a clear and definite way without too much hesitation or delay. And I think any hesitation or delay is too much. &gt;&gt; When Rebecca started out that morning, she could not even begin to have imagined what her day was going to bring her. just couldn't even have imagined in her wildest dreams. She just going to get water going in her normal normal course of life. And that's the same with you and I. We don't know. You didn't know this morning when you got up that that brother Bis was going to speak upon decisions. And there isn't a person here that's not faced with some kind of decision. And some of them much more important than others. Some of them are critical because they don't only involve you, they involve others. &gt;&gt; But those that involve the dealing of God in your life are is far far more important. &gt;&gt; She could not have imagined that before that day before that day was before the sunset that day that her life was going to be turned completely upside down. And this was, I will say, the the the single most important decision of her entire life. She would be made that day. Will you go with this man? She said, "I will go." Now, I I realize that we have a mixed audience. When I say mixed, I'm not talking about male female. I'm talking about people at different places, different positions in their spiritual walk. Some here may not even be born again. That is very true. Some here, and when I speak of this, I want you to think of the your physical being, your individual being. You are the same as the tabernacle in the wilderness because the tabernacle in the wilderness was only a shadow of the place where God will dwell because he told he told Moses, you'll make a certain kind of a tabernacle that I will dwell there and I'll be with these people. The purpose was in that tabernacle be a place where God and the people could have a contact. And the high priest was the critical part had to have the prophet and the priest. And the high priest would go in and with blood uh sprinkling the blood on the vessels etc. And he would go in from the outer court to the inner court and to the holy of holies. And in the holy of holies that was the place that God would meet the people. Now uh and I would just like to say this morning we have within a congregation we have outer court outer court dwellers that is in the outer courts and people some they just dwell in the outer court. Brother Brandham says they hunger for God. They love to fellowship they love to worship. They will do all of those things but he said and and they and they eat the mana. They eat the mana, but the mana doesn't hold for them. Their experience doesn't hold. It's up and then it's down. And they feel full and then they feel empty. And it's up and down and up and down. And it's a very, very unpredictable life. That's outer court dweller. And then there's an inner court dweller dweller. The next court, inner court. And in the inner court, uh, let me just compare. The outer court had no roof on it. It had no covering. And so if the sun was shining like we have today, it was a beautiful day. This is a good day. The sun's shining and I feel great. I feel good. This is a wonderful day. I feel upbeat. What's that got to do with it? &gt;&gt; I feel great. Things have happened and it's it's really good and the sun is shining. But the next inner court, it had a better light because it was a candlestick. And the candlestick, but the even brother Brandham says the candlestick wasn't a perfect light because it had to have oil. Had to keep pouring oil into it. And if it ever run out of oil, ever run out of that, then the light went out. And so it was it was a better place, but it wasn't the perfect place. And then you you're still subjected to, you know, maybe go faithful for a while and then things run out and it seems like the spirit runs out. And in these two courts, you know, there are places where we are we are being dictated to by maybe our feelings. Somebody hurt me or somebody uh didn't do me right and and and and we're wounded by something. And that kind of stays there. And as time goes on, then we our oil seems to run out, our joy runs out, our peace runs out, we become distressed, we become filled with anxiety and all of these things, and I I want to say this morning, and I'm coming to it far earlier than I wanted to, but anybody that's dwelling in the outer court where, you know, we we enjoy the fellowship, we have the services, and my friends are there, my peers are there, etc., etc. You know, this is kind of our circle. This is our kind of our environment. But but but it it doesn't hold. That won't hold. You can have wonderful friendship and wonderful fellowship in the church, but that won't hold you. Those things will change. Those conditions will change. You might say, "Oh, I love the worship in the church. It's really enthusiastic, and I love to get there and sing." That'll change. Those things don't hold. Say, "Oh, I love this brother preaching. I love that brother preaching. I love brother Fiscus preaching. I love brother Tom or brother Lance's preaching or brother Dia or whoever more. Brother brother brother John and brother Tony and I I you know we have our favorite that'll change &gt;&gt; cuz they're not there forever. But there's one thing that will not change and that is when a person makes their decision a firm decision. I will follow I will go this direction. this revealed Christ, the son of man has been revealed in this prophet's ministry, I will follow that &gt;&gt; and that will not change. &gt;&gt; So, we get, you know, we have these things and there are things that you you need to think about, you know, if everything's going right and everything's going good, but what happens when everything becomes negative? What happens if the whole thing crumbles and collapses on you? You know, we've had a a roaring economy and it's been all great and everybody's doing fine and making big salaries and what happens if that if that goes the the reverse? What happens if the house you have becomes worth only half of what it's worth today? What hap is that going to change things spiritually for you? Say, "Oh, well, I got to move now. I can't be near that. I can't be near a church anymore. I got to move out in the boondocks." You better think of that ahead of time. I tell you one thing is for me in my house I'm not going to be far from the house of God at any time. I'm going to be where I can be amongst the saints where I can hear the preaching. I don't care whether I'm preaching if if the time goes on I'm not able to preach anymore. You think I'm going to move off and retire someplace. I'm going to be where I can hear the word of God. I need my soul fed. You need your soul fed. You got to make that kind of decision. And if you're if you're inward, things are going fine, everything's going great, you've got to move. You need to take a decision this morning. I'm moving from the outer court. I'm moving to another location. And if you're in the inner court and say, "Well, I've had a, you know, I've had a taste of the Holy Spirit, etc., etc., and all of these things." But you need to move from that inner court because there's another place that's far better than either of those places, and it's called the Holy of Holies. It's called a special place. And the prophet said, he said, "Have you ever been near somebody that's been in there?" &gt;&gt; Doesn't matter whether it's Monday &gt;&gt; or Sunday. Doesn't matter whether it's Wednesday or Thursday. Has nothing to do about the job. Has nothing to do about the finances. Has nothing to do about how people treat you. Doesn't have anything to do with anything else. None of the circumstances or the environment of life changes the man or the woman that's in the inner cart. in the holy of holies. &gt;&gt; He said the shakina of glory doesn't depend on the oil and doesn't depend on the sunshine. The shakina of glory is always the kind of glory whether what time of the day it is what the conditions of our life or what you're faced with. The shakina glory will remain steadfast. Amen. &gt;&gt; And outside, friends, outside you get the mana. They picked up the mana every day. And if they tried to keep it, it bred worms and stank and it would melt also. You had to get it every morning. But God told Moses, you'll collect some mana and you'll put it in a pot and you'll take it into the Holy of Holies where the shakina glory is. And that mana never went bad. That mana was always fresh. I tell you friends, when you're in the Holy of Holies and you have moved into that location, you'll come into the house of God, somebody sitting right beside you, they'll say, "Ah, I don't understand this stuff. This is not for me." And your soul is just throbbing. Oh God, this is such a wonderful food that I'm receiving. My Oh, God. Can it get any better? Because there's something there's a you've come into the glory. You've come into the glory cloud. There's a kind of glory of God is around us. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And it'll be on one person won't be on the next one. &gt;&gt; And if I was one that wasn't feeling that that place, that sacred place, I'd say, I'm moving. &gt;&gt; I've made a decision. I made a decision today. I'm moving out of this place where I'm so affected and afflicted by all of these other things. I'm moving out of this place. I'm moving into the Holy of Holies and I'm there to stay. I will go and I'm not going to turn back. &gt;&gt; That's the decision. &gt;&gt; You may go through a long hard trial. I went through one right here in Cloverdale. right here. While I preached a lot of you people, I went through one and it was about seven years long. Say, "Well, Brother Biscll, you never indicated it." I didn't have to. I just knew at some point in time, there's going to be light at the end of the tunnel. &gt;&gt; And the same shak kind of glory that I experienced with God before I went into this dark place, &gt;&gt; it'll be the same when I come out. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He can't change. That's just a kind of glory. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I say glory. &gt;&gt; You folks, you surely understand why I want to worship him. &gt;&gt; I've experienced this. &gt;&gt; It's not a bunch of words. This isn't a sermon. It's a reality. &gt;&gt; It works. If I didn't have that kind of a God, I wouldn't be here and I wouldn't serve that kind of a God. This God is a living God. &gt;&gt; It's a God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. This is a God of William Brown. This is a God of Elijah. He's a friend. &gt;&gt; He's a guide. He's a comfort. &gt;&gt; He's all of these things. &gt;&gt; I've made my decision. And the husband must be first partaker of the fruits. I partaken of this and I tell you this God is a living God. This God's a reality and this God is worthy of your decision. A positive decision, an affirmative decision and a sudden decision. &gt;&gt; I will go &gt;&gt; and I'll follow him all the way. and I don't know what the journey is going to call for, but I'm prepared and I've made my resolved choice and I'm done. &gt;&gt; And God sees that. &gt;&gt; And then her her relative said to her, they blessed her, said, "You're our sister. Be thou the mother of thousands." talking to a young woman hasn't got a child. Be the mother of thousands of millions and let thy seed possess the gates of them which hate you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, way on down the road, folks, there were people that came out of the lineage of Rebecca and Isaac and they began to possess the gates. Amen. &gt;&gt; of their enemies. &gt;&gt; There was a strange power. There was something that was there was a force that was with them. There was a blessing upon their lives, a blessing upon their family, a blessing upon their tribe. And they didn't even know why. &gt;&gt; And all of that blessing was hinged back on these three words. I will go. &gt;&gt; It wasn't anything that they did. It wasn't that somebody could say, "I'm a valiant warrior. I'm a mighty man with a sword. I can sling a I can sling a stone with such accuracy. I can split a hair with it. I I'm a great mighty warrior of that had nothing to do with it. It had to do with this decision that this woman made. Young woman made. I will go." And that God spoke back because you'll go, &gt;&gt; speaking to your own relatives, your seed will possess the enemy's gates. Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, we're all here today and I am I'm really quite moved and I don't feel like preaching my whole sermon to you. And if I would say to each of you and we sat down and I'd say, "How come you're here?" You'd say, 'Well, you know, I worked in a certain place. I drove a bus or I worked in a sawmill. I worked in a factory. I lived in a certain apartment and there was a man, a sister there, a woman there. I was in a colony and somebody sent books in there and that's how I came. Well, no, that's not really how you came. There was a man and this man was a little humble prophet who was offered status and position and wealth and fame and anything he wanted. if you'll just come and join us. And he made some very hard decisions. I can't do that. All you have to do is just adjust a little bit of your doctrine. Some minor things. They said, "What minor things?" Well, about the Godhead, the Trinity, and the baptism. And they said, "If you can just adjust that doctrine, you won't worry over another financial thing for the rest of your life." He said, "I do. You call those things minor? I can't do that." And he made some very, very hard decisions. Very, very hard decisions. And then in a meeting of men that were not even really accepting of him, they were opening the door for him called the Christian businessmen international. They opened the door many, many places, but they love the gift. They love to dwell in the outer court. Or in the inner court, they love to feel the effect of the spirit and have the spirit and speak in tongues and have all of the matter of gifts and so on. And they made a mistake thinking that what he was demonstrating was a gift. And so they were wanting him to demonstrate that gift and show that gift. And while when he delivered the word, there was resistance. They didn't want that word. And a man spoke out in tongues. And another man came up and gave the interpretation to this message that was given in tongues. It was spoken in French and a French interpreter for the United Nations was there in this businessman's meeting and he came forward and began to deliver uh the interpretation. A translator started out like this. because thou hast chosen the narrow path and the harder way. Thou hast walked of your own choosing, he said. Then he broke in other words, I didn't have to do it. I can side in or go with them if you want to, but I want to stay with the word. And the interpretation goes on, thou hast picked the correct and precise decision and it is my way. Because of this momentous decision, a huge portion of heaven awaits thee. He says, "I happen to think now." He says, "Now that's what I wondered about." I want you to listen very closely when it came out and a huge portion of heaven awaits thee. Said, "That's what I wondered about. When I die, will it be? Then I happen to think heaven's not portioned off to different portions to us up there. Heaven is the kingdom of heaven and that's within us one waits for. What a glorious decision thou hast made. This in itself which will give and make come to pass the tremendous victory in the love divine. And in this few lines, God has spoken through a supernatural act of people who know nothing about what they're saying. One speaks in French and two get up and translate it and they don't know what the other is saying. And in these few lines, God has spoken of his correct decision, his precise decision, his momentous decision, and a glorious decision. And I think we want to we want to just focus on that a moment. A correct decision, a precise decision, a momentous decision, something of incredible weight and a glorious decision. It is as though it evolves. And he says he wondered then when I die, is there a portion of heaven? No, he said it's not proportioned off. It's the kingdom of heaven and the kingdom of heaven is within you. This was 1961. What was in him? What was in him was a call and a word and a message. Uh a commission from God, a commission by an angel. You'll take a ministry of healing to the world which he had but what was in him you are here today &gt;&gt; as a result of what was in him then &gt;&gt; what was in him and the decision which he made said the kingdom of heaven is within him and and you'll you'll wait and following this Friends, from this time forward, I would say things were changing in a very dramatic way in Brother Bram's ministry. And shortly after this, I was with him. He had then he had beyond the curtain of time, the experience of beyond the curtain of time. Follow closely. And when he as soon as he went, he's looking at his body, has his hand behind his head. What's he saying? He said to himself, "Bill Brandham, if you're going to do anything for go, you're 52. If you're going to do anything for God, you better get up and get moving." And in a moment, in a moment, he's standing and his body is standing there and he's standing outside. And while he's about 20 25 ft from his body, he sees millions of people. People &gt;&gt; the consequence of what was in him. &gt;&gt; Millions of people. And he said, "Who are these?" He said, "These are your people. Are these broms?" No, not that kind that is in you. &gt;&gt; You get my point? &gt;&gt; Not the physical that is in you. These are your converts to Christ. what was in him &gt;&gt; because of a decision, &gt;&gt; an irrevocable decision. I'm going to give myself unreservedly, and I will say no to anything that may disqualify or invalidate or change my course. I have set my course for the kingdom of God, and I cannot be changed. Regardless if it's money, regardless whether it is obvious success, regardless of whether it's friends and fame and fortune, I have no interest in going that direction. I'm going to give my all. I I'm resolved. I will go &gt;&gt; with this one that's revealed himself to me. And because of that decision, Rebecca made a decision. And because of her decision, people all down through the centuries, because of the scripture that was written, they possessed the gates of their enemy. They had victories they knew nothing about. They knew they had victories and they could not even tell why the blessing was there. Jesus said to Peter, "Peter, Satan hath desired to have you to sift you like wheat, but I have prayed for you." &gt;&gt; That had nothing to do with Peter's strength, Peter's resolve, Peter going to do things for God. It was that he had already been prayed for by the Lord Jesus Christ, your faith will not fail. And God told his faithful messenger, "This message is going to bring forth a bride. And she's going to be a virgin bride. She's going to be a victorious bride. She's going to be a raptured bride." That's not because you and I sit here and say, "I'm going to do great things for God. I'm something special." No. What made us special is someone else's decision. &gt;&gt; We might even be here because God heard somebody else. Yes. &gt;&gt; Some of you that are here married with families, you may have say, I I have such a blessed life. God has been so good to me. And we always start to measure and say, you know, what did I do? And how can I please him more? You've heard me say it before. Sometimes, friend, you know, God just declares something. He just declares something. the woman that the woman that came in and broke the oil upon Jesus. Listen, what was in her heart? And Brother Brham describes it. Says, "This isn't right. Jesus with dirty feet. This is terrible. He h how did he get past the flunky? How did he get past the people? How do he get past the host? He hasn't had his feet washed. He hasn't been received. He hasn't been He hasn't been welcomed as a guest. He's sitting over there in a corner. How is this? And she was and tore up about it. And she wasn't willing. She I mean, she wasn't worthy. But she went and she got this priceless oil. Someone else might have said, "I know that woman. That woman hasn't got a very good reputation. How do you think she bought that oil?" Jesus didn't care how she got that oil. It was what was in her heart. And she ran in and poured that oil over him. And she began to fall at his feet and wash wash his feet with her tears. And brother Brandon said her hair came down while she was kissing his feet. And he's kissing his kissing his feet. He went like that. And her hair fell down and she's beside himself. He said, "She's a mess." And her tears and the dirt from the road and the pathway and the the dung from the animals and everything. and she's wiping his feet. Jesus said, "She's anointed me for the burial." And this will be told throughout all generations what she has done. It wasn't a major decision on her part. She just did something that she had to do because this situation just isn't correct. This isn't right. Our Lord Jesus, he deserves more. He deserves something better. And I'm going to do what I can do. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And God takes over &gt;&gt; and connects that. We're here tonight. We're here today, friends, because a little man said no to a whole lot of fame and popularity. And you're here to today with eternal life because there's another man called Jesus of Nazareth. And this one, Jesus of Naz Naz Nazareth, is no different. He's the same one that was revealed through the messenger. That's why he raised him up. But this Jesus of Nazareth, the Bible says he set his face as though he would go to Jerusalem. And nobody, no one could change that. &gt;&gt; Peter was ready to take his weapon, which he did do. He was ready to ready to go to war. He's ready to kill for it. I'm not done. The kingdom of God is within you. I got thinking about your decisions and mine. what you think about your decision. Some of you have made some very momentous decisions. Some of you have made some very costly decisions. Some of you have moved across a continent. Some have moved across the seas. Some have tore up their roots. Many have tore up their roots and their their comfort zone and has changed and even come to a totally different strange culture. Even from say the Bible belt of the United States up to Washington is a it's a total culture shock. To come from California up a couple 1500 miles is a culture shock. To come from Manitoba or Saskatchewan or from some other place is a culture shock ourselves was a culture shock. We weren't accustomed to this. Why God wanted us here? I do not know other than I I see what is here and I see what is happening and what has happened. We've come here at what would be called materially a great cost. The decision was a weighty decision. It was a very very considered considerable decision on our part. But I want to bring you to another place and that is you have what you have because a messenger came and was faithful and he said I will do it. I'm going to stay faithful to the call. I'm going to stay faithful to the commission. And because of that decision, a message came. And then God in his great sovereign plan caused that message to reach you someplace. Every person is different. Some of you heard it in your own home. Some of you heard it in the factory. Some of you heard it elsewhere. But it was the same message. And it came to you and the Holy Spirit began to deal with you and call you and say, "Will you go? Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he was waiting for that decision. Will you go? And you maybe sometime you even come into the house of God and even perhaps even this morning and God by the Holy Spirit is saying to you, will you go? Will you actually follow this Christ with everything that's in you? And then others of you and many of you have already come to that place. And you I'm addressing now. You have within you the kingdom of God. And there's a portion of heaven that awaits you. And the kingdom of heaven is already within you. But there's a portion that awaits you because, and this is what I need that you must realize this morning from your decision. Let me liken it and give you one example. Moses made a decision. He had to make a decision. And the Bible says he chose rather to suffer with the people of God, &gt;&gt; to be identified with them and to to to suffer need and to suffer want and to suffer uh disparity. He He was in the palace. He was on the Persian carpets. He was in the marble pillars. He had the education of Egypt. He was a mighty man. He was a warrior. But the decision was are you going to let this you must let go of this and you must there was something in him and the Bible says he looked out upon his brethren while he was in his finery and while he was in his comfort zone he looked out on his brethren and something inside that identified with them they're my brethren and I must do something and he kills an Egyptian hides him in the sand and fleas is a vagabond out into the wilderness and there becomes a sheep herder and spends 40 years out there. Then one day he says he meets a pillar of fire. The same pillar of fire that brought you what you believe today. &gt;&gt; Not different. This isn't a story. God knows nothing about time. He knows nothing about a burning bush back there and a message that you heard today. You understand what I the the you understand the way I'm phrasing that? It isn't the time that he's aware of. It's the same one the same one that spoke to Moses has spoke to you. And in Moses in his decision, the whole the whole body of people rested in his bosom. &gt;&gt; And when he made his decision, those people were not worse off for it. But in his decision, in the very word that is used in the Greek, Moses choosing rather to suffer with the people of God, Moses chose rather than enjoying the pleasures of sin, he chose. And the Bible, the very word that the Bible uses is that in that choosing, it's it's an elevating. It's a lifting up. And in Moses' decision, he took he took slaves. Are you hearing me? In that decision which was in him, he took slaves and lifted them up out of bondage and brought them into liberty. In that decision was the movement of a people from Egypt and cruelty and bondage and confusion and darkness. He brought them into light. He brought them into his poor possession. He brought them to the boundaries and Joshua took over and took them in. We've had a prophet with a Moses commission and a Joshua commission. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? You understand? And because of the decision that was made, we are here today. The liberty that you have, the pleasure that you enjoy, oh my God, help me. The the the the the blessings that you experience, they came because somebody made a decision. &gt;&gt; And now it's your decision. I thought of several in this congregation that are sitting here. I saw one walk in, a young man with his family this morning. And while I studied, I thought of some of the people of this congregation and I felt compelled to tell you that because of a decision you have made or one that you may yet have to make, there's people hanging in the balance of that decision. decision. You make that same decision of those three words. I will go and nothing will change this. I will follow this man Jesus Christ as he's been revealed in this word and nothing can deviate, nothing can thwart, nothing can change my course. I will serve it with all my energy and all my resources and all my strength and every day all of breath that I have in my body. I shall serve it &gt;&gt; and a light goes on and begins to radiate out from you because of that decision and someone else is sinking. someone else. Maybe your family, maybe your own family. Mothers and fathers, maybe your own children. I say with my heart bleeding today, I've seen parents make such terrible decisions and have pulled their own children out from the house of God and would sooner see them sacrifice to devils &gt;&gt; than to fellowship with people because they put a chip on their shoulder or get something get some feeling or some resentment or whatever more. I do not know. But that thing that they want to hold in your heart seems to be more important than the very life of their children. &gt;&gt; I'm preaching it straight, friends. &gt;&gt; And some of you that are here and many of you that are here, the decision that you have made, you hold to that without any error or change. You hold to that decision because that decision has light and it'll start to lift up. You may not even see it in your lifetime, but it'll start to lift up. Rebecca didn't see all the people that possessed the gates of the enemy. And the gates of those that possessed the gates of the enemy and had those glorious victories never got to see Rebecca. But it was because God had declared it. And God has spoken. And I say to you today that to any man, any woman, any young person that makes the kind of decision, stay with it. &gt;&gt; I need you to help me just a moment. &gt;&gt; If you're if you're a Holy of Holies dweller, let me announce to you the mana will never get stale. Amen. &gt;&gt; I've traveled a good deal and I see people and the message kind of becomes hoham. You know, do you have anything else that's new because the mana seems to have gotten stale to them. This mana never gets stale to me. This message never gets stale to me. It's always fresh. It's always fresh. I always get strength from it. I'm quick and vi. &gt;&gt; Some people say, "What year was that when he spoke it?" I don't care what year it was. &gt;&gt; It's what it does to me. &gt;&gt; It's a living word. &gt;&gt; What it did to me. What it does to me every day. &gt;&gt; I I feel like a blessed man. My children are here. I'm going to say this to some of you young people for your direction, for your leadership. And to perhaps to others to their shame. Some young people make major decisions in their lives. Don't talk to anybody. I'm 18. I'm 19. I'm 20 years old. I can make up my own mind. I can make my own decision. God have mercy on you. &gt;&gt; I hate using personal things, but brother Brandham used them often. There's a little announcement up on the billboard. You probably all have seen it concerning my daughter Marilyn and and brother Dave. My daughter who's passed 50 years old called me on a telephone. She says, "Dad, I need to see you right away." She would not even make one step or one not even one waiver of a of a decision, major decision her life to she talk to her daddy. Amen. &gt;&gt; Dad, I need to see you. And she said, "Whatever you say, I will do." &gt;&gt; I said, "God in heaven, &gt;&gt; you see that?" And you might say, "Oh, you're a blessed man, Brother Biscll." Well, I'll tell you what. I quite frankly, and I've told this before, and I'm not trying to be lengthy with you, but I personally I personally believe this is exactly what I personally believe. I want you to listen closely. I believe that the blessings of God that may be on our lives, on your life, on the church or whatever, whatever whatever it is, I do not think it's something that you and I did that was great. &gt;&gt; I think I think I I go back and I'm only preaching now what I believe for a long time. &gt;&gt; I've asked the Lord Maybe my father prayed. Maybe my mother before she died at 32, maybe she prayed. Maybe she laid her hand on me. Said, "God, I give you this son." I don't know. &gt;&gt; I do know that brother Brandham prayed for me. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, you're fortunate. The same God heard whoever prayed for you. &gt;&gt; And long before I had any knowledge that the spirit of Elijah had come to visit the earth again, long before I knew that, there was just something in my heart. I'm going to connect this to you now. Right now, there was something in my heart. I want to do something good for this man. I'd like to give him a rest. I'd like to give him a rest. I'd like to just He He must be so burdened. And in the m in the midst of all of that, I'm tore up. I'm tore up. Serpent seed. Surely, Brother Brandham, that's got to be a terrible terrible. That That's just got to be a terrible statement and a gossip that somebody's trying to spread about him. I wouldn't believe that. We don't talk about those things behind the pullpit. I believe somebody's trying to spread a bad rumor about him. And that's what's in my heart. And I'm sitting with him and I'm actually silently praying. God, I hope I see what happens on the platform. I hope that you don't reveal that to him. I don't want him to see all those doubts. I don't want him to see all of that. But overriding all of that, I want to give this man of God a rest. I just want to take him up and give him a rest. I didn't realize at the time I'm taking a vessel that the very I hope you don't think I'm way offbeat. I didn't realize I I'm taking the vessel in which a huge portion of the kingdom is in and I myself against my own will against my own knowledge I'm a part of that kingdom is what's going to come out from there and a message is going to be blasted and the opening of the word is going to come I'm going to be the product of that word and I have no knowledge of it &gt;&gt; what about the Shounomide woman about the woman and she says to her husband, "There's a man of God." She didn't know it was Elijah. She didn't know it was a prophet. Didn't know it was a the word of God was in him. There's a man of God when he's going by. Surely, can we do something good? Can we have a bed? Can we have a candle? Can we have a picture? Can we just do whatever we can do? See, God doesn't ask us to do things we can't do. Eleer, God's servant, didn't ask Rebecca to do something she couldn't do. She coming with a picture of water. Can I have a drink? Yes, certainly. Quick, sir, you have a drink. Oh, I'll water your camels also. And the Bible says she ran. She know this is a hot, draggy day. My goodness. You know why' I say that? She ran to give the water. And picture after picture after picture. Do you ever water a camel? You kids know anything about camels? Do you know how much water they hold? Go home and get it on your Wikipedia or something. Say, "Brother Bisco, you're an old man. Do you know anything about Wikipedia?" You stick around. I know lots. [Music] At least my computer knows lots. And she fills them all up. Little did the woman, the Shunomite woman, didn't Little did she realize that out of that same mouth that she was giving a pitch of water to, that she was giving a bed to, that she was giving a rest to. Little did she know that out of that same mouth, she was actually ministering to the very vessel that would speak the word and call his friend his servant Gahaz call the woman says you'll embrace a child spoke life &gt;&gt; where there was not life you'll have a child who did that I say she had a she made a decision I want to do what I can do just what I can do. It wasn't a works program. She had it in her heart. She wanted to do what she could do. And friends, I've said to you before and I just feel like I'm I come home and I feel at home. And I said it while I was away this time because when you get away you always, you know, you find there's there's politics and there's difference of opinions and difference of feelings and things. And not that I encountered much of it at all, but you just see how things are and you can have it right in your own home. You can have it right within this congregation. But I prayed and I said, and I would recommend this to anybody, when I cross over, I want to be able to just hear. I'd like to hear it from brother Random's lips. And most of all, I want to hear it from the very lips of Christ Jesus Christ who said it to a woman said, "You did it's all right. You did what you could. You mean you're not going to talk about all the struggles and the failures? You're not going to talk about my weaknesses and my flaws. All I want to hear is you've done what you could. And this congregation, friends, you're a body of people. You're a group of people. But I say to this congregation, as a body of people, as long as we're here and as long as God has called us to be here, we will. That's my determination as a body of people. We will do what we can. &gt;&gt; This convention is not to be some big grand splash. That's not it at all. It's we want to do what we can. We want to bring brethren together that have never been together. We want to bring brothers together that would otherwise never have an opportunity to be together. We want to expose them to some longstanding and true tried ministry that have held to the middle of the road and they've not wavered and I think that they I think that they have something to contribute to these other brothers and it's going to be very costly for us but I've kind of threw that aside just said you know I feel that these brothers and those who can come we need to come and contribute this to them and as I know you may have somebody in your family and maybe I'm going to address the young people. Those of you young people who have real loyal and godly parents and follow this word with everything that's in them, you want to go out from this place and thank God for it. But there are others who maybe your parents are not where they should be or mother or dad is not where they should be. And maybe they're even in a backsliden condition. Maybe they're walking away from God. Maybe they're not even saved. Let me say to you in the name of the Lord the decision. If you have not made that decision, you need to take that decision. Say, I will I will follow this man with everything that's in me. And that decision will burst into a light and your family, your father, your mother, your peer, or someone who's near you will see that light. They'll see that constant beam. And let me say to you, and I feel that I should say this, someday you'll find that I'm speaking the truth, for you'll arrive on the other side. And brother Brandham, when he saw all these people, he he didn't say, "Praise God. Look at all the converts that God gave me." No, he said, "Who who are these? Who are these people? They're your converts." Nothing goes by. Didn't you recognize her? No. Huh? Who's she? She was an old woman. When you led her to Christ, he when he led her to Christ, he wasn't saying, "Oh, glory to God. I'm going to have a wonderful inheritance and a wonderful reward on the other side." That wasn't even in his mind. He was just doing what he could at the moment. &gt;&gt; And you'll arrive. You &gt;&gt; You will arrive on the other side. And you say, and someone will run up and say, "Oh, glory to God." in the highest. I am so glad now to greet you and to meet you and say, "Who are you?" You didn't know it, but you worked beside me. You didn't know it, but I sat in school. You didn't know it, but we lived on the same street. You didn't know it, but we played soccer together. You didn't know it, but there was something that was emanating out from you. You didn't know it, but I went to my room. When I got alone with away from my friends and I got alone, I said, "Oh, God, if I could only live like that." And one day I too met him. But it was the light that was that was beaming out from you. I believe that you young men and I'm speaking to you young women in the name of the Lord, you need to be the light in your home. And there's parents here to live such a dedicated and just follow that word. You don't know where it's going to take you, but the word is number one. I'm following it. You don't know it, but it's casting out a light. It's going to bring under going to bring your family. is going to bring others under the blessing of God and they won't even know it. And God will say, "I'm doing this on this man's children. I'm doing this. I'm doing this in this man's family because his choice pleased me so much. Blessed art thou because you have made that kind of a decision." I say it's a correct decision. It's a precise decision. It's a momentous decision and it's a glorious decision. And you will meet something that's in you now that's causing you to do that. You'll meet the fruit of it again on the other side. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? That's my message. I'm so glad Brother Brandham made that decision. And if he had not made that decision, I wouldn't be here. You wouldn't be here. This church wouldn't be here. So what you see today and what we are today is because a man made a decision. And that's not sufficient. Every one of us are faced with the same decision. And I say from this service, you cannot walk out the same person. God have mercy on the man, the woman, the boy, the girl that thinks they can walk out of here just be nonchalant. Say, "Well, that's okay. That's Brother Ed." No, I tell you, it's not Brother Ed. It's the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; It's the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; And he's the one who's talking to us and speaking to us. Don't just go along now. So, I'll put it off because I'm going to give you brother Brandham's words again. When God brings you to this kind of a place, you if you don't believe me, you'll believe him. You cannot remain neutral. There is no such a thing as remaining neutral. Now, it's a full full surrendered commitment. I will go. &gt;&gt; Let's stand. I feel as though you're calling, Lord Jesus. And it's your voice that we hear. And I don't know who all you're speaking to, but I do believe it's most of us here. And Lord, I know that I want this I want this whole truth. I want it just branded upon my own heart and on my own soul. I don't want to just preach something, but I want to be able to live it. &gt;&gt; And for all that are here, Lord, we are here. And I would say that most of us have some loved ones that we're burdened for. We're burdened for. But more than just a prayer, more than just a prayer, help us to live that kind of dedicated and surrendered life. Holy, holy, surrendered. And let the light of our decision emanate out from us, oh God. I'm asking that it'll have an effect, have an effect upon others, oh Lord. But before that can even happen, we need to come, oh God, to that place. Maybe some are living here and they've just lived in the outer court and they realize it's not good enough. I'm too dependent upon. I'm too I'm I'm I'm too persuaded by things that are around me, too. Oh God, I pray that you will bring now the Holy Spirit in such a way. I'm asking oh father now bring it to the people in such a way the man the woman the family the individual oh god that they will say I'll go with you Lord I'll follow you all the way I pray you'll receive us now Lord I want to have you sing with me. I'll go with him where my savior leads me. Where he leads me, I will follow. I'll go with him. I will follow. I will follow all the way. And you just mind the Lord for the rest of the service as we are coming to a close. [Music] You may need prayer. You may not have surrendered your life to Christ. You may need prayer in this moving moment. I don't want you to come as a result of emotion, but I want you to come like Rebecca did. I will go. I'm prepared to go all the way. I can hear my savior calling. I can hear my savior calling. I can hear [Music] with him all the way. I'll go with him through the garden. [Music] I'll go with him through the garden. I'll go [Music] in through the heart. I'll go with him. [Music] Brother Brandham said that when Jesus went to the garden, that's when he made his great decision. [Music] Not my will, but thine be done. And I feel so strange. I feel like God is speaking to some people. And I'm going to invite you. I'd like to pray with you. But I think part of your decision might be that someone around you, someone in the congregation, maybe a son or a daughter [Music] or a wife or a husband need to see you. Say, "Excuse me, I need to get out. I want to make a I want to make a public declaration that I've made that resolve and let these people know, let God know this is irreversible. And however long God will have me here on the earth, I will stay at my position. Do I have your attention? going to sing it once again. I will follow and if you feel just to make that surrender, you can raise your hand or come and I'd love to pray with you. We're going to pray a prayer of sanctification, of dedication. And by this you'll be saying, I haven't been haven't been dwelling really where I ought to be dwelling. And I want to I want to give expression to the Holy Spirit's call in my life this morning. where he lives. [Music] We are [Music] with you. [Music] hear him calling. I can hear myior calling. [Music] I can hear myior calling. Heat. Heat. I [Music] perhaps some of you young people you can come right up here on the platform if you wish. Just come and make a little more room if you will. [Music] You just come up on the platform if you wish. Just come and stand here. Make a little more room. Brother Nathaniel, that's fine. Just come and stand here. [Music] I can hear my Savior call. [Music] I go with him. [Music] I'll go with him through that great decision. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] where he leads. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Oh, I [Music] feel to do things differently. Perhaps some of the brothers, some of the fathers, some of the deacons, if you'd come and join me in prayer, come up. Just sister can come up as well to another sister. I just listened to a service the other day. Brother Brandham had all the people lay their hands on one another. He even stopped and said, "There's somebody here." Ask God their hand. No one has a hand on them. Lay a hand on them. Pray for them. Identify yourself with their need. I say these people are here and and you can I'd say throughout this congregation, if you join, would you join with me in prayer at this time? Would you join with me in prayer? Come. There's young young men and women here. I tell you friends, I'm glad that I'm not I'm not having to talk to a bunch out on some skateboard seeing what new thing they can do or down at some beach or someplace else. They're here in the house of God in this beautiful day. I say the very least we can do is say, "Oh God, oh God, come and fill this group of people." You can't remain neutral. You can't remain neutral, friends. Not my word. You can't remain neutral. &gt;&gt; It's a time, the decision, the way momentous decision being made. Don't let it be just the emotion of the moment. It's a decision that's being made. I know what I speak of. I've been there. I've made that kind of a decision. And I believe that I'm persuading you today with everything that's in me. And the angel of the Lord, the same angel of the Lord that the prophet said, "It was the angel of the Lord that persuaded Rebecca." It's not me trying to persuade you. It's the angel of the Lord that is seeking to persuade you. And there's a struggle. Have you ever gone through a major decision with such a struggle? Oh, such a weight that comes on you, but then there's a voice inside is calling you to do the right thing. Do the right thing. Don't count the cost. Do the right thing. [Music] I look to this congregation to enter into deep prayer. raise your soul, your heart, your hands, and pray for the those that are around. If as though it was your last moment, your last time on earth, I want to have I want to be I want to be a vessel. I want to be a tool. I want to pray for someone. are dear Lord Jesus. It's your voice that is being heard and down in the inner being, inner realm of the soul. Believe you've spoken, you've talked, you're saying words. I don't know exactly what you're saying, but you're speaking to the individuals in their own way. You're talking their language, Lord. You're calling them to a higher plane, another life. You're calling them, Lord. And even today, we are here as I've spoken. We're here as the result. We're we're here as the consequence of the blessing of God upon this message, upon this word. Lord, with everything that's in us, we just want to be faithful. We want to be faithful. And these that have come and these that are kneeling, these that are standing and throughout this congregation and out in the streaming land, Lord, where people are streaming, oh God, come into the rooms, come into the places, oh God, hear this congregation as they now pray, oh Father, and do all manner of supernatural works amongst us. Loose them that are bound. Save them in the name of Jesus Christ. You cannot hold them any longer. This congregation, the sons and daughters of God, call for the deliverance in the name of Jesus Christ, we rebuke you, Satan. You have no place, no power. You cannot hold them through Jesus Christ. They are set free. They are set free. &gt;&gt; You shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He that hath the son hath life. &gt;&gt; He that hath not the son hath no life. &gt;&gt; You're the light of the world, Lord Jesus. And you've said, "We're the light of the world." Let this light now shine. Let the mouths of the people begin to testify. Let them say, "Satan, you are a liar." &gt;&gt; Let them say, "I will move from this comfortable dwelling place. I will move into the holy of holies." &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; I will move where the mana is always fresh. I will move under the light of the shakina of glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh yes. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's it. Pray, brother DJ. Pray, saints. Pray, brethren. Pray, my sisters. [Music] Oh God, &gt;&gt; do your glorious work amongst us. [Music] &gt;&gt; Do what is pleasing in your sight. [Music] &gt;&gt; In this presence, oh God, I lay my hand Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] Take control, God. Take control, God. Take control, God. Take control of God in the name of Jesus. Take control of this congregation. Take control of this people. Fill them with the Holy Ghost. Fill them with the Holy Spirit. Seal these lives. Seal them into the kingdom of God. Seal them under the day of redemption. Seal them. Oh God, the Lord is shield. Oh God, this is my this is my confession. I'll not be moved. I'm restored. &gt;&gt; Oh God. &gt;&gt; Oh God. Oh God. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh God, [Music] take control. Oh Holy Spirit, take control. Take control, Holy Spirit. Take control. Take control. [Music] Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. [Music] God. Oh God. [Music] &gt;&gt; Let him have his way. &gt;&gt; Say, "I will go. I will go. I will be that light. I will go. [Music] I won't go home. [Music] &gt;&gt; No neutral ground. &gt;&gt; I won't go. [Music] Thank you for [Music] your word. &gt;&gt; Here I am, Lord. I will go. &gt;&gt; I will be that light. Someone needs to say it. [Music] Someone needs to say it. [Music] &gt;&gt; Give us the capacity, Lord. &gt;&gt; Believe and give us the capacity to be moved. Give us the capacity, oh God. If your heart isn't touched, just ask him. Touch me, Lord. Come near. Touch me. Touch my heart. Touch my inner soul. Touch me. &gt;&gt; Move me, oh God. If you haven't heard his voice, ask him, "Speak, Lord. Speak. Let me hear your voice. [Music] All that [Music] all that I am worthy. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Oh, to Please. [Music] [Music] I surrender to &gt;&gt; Father, [Music] &gt;&gt; all that I am. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh, I surrender to thee. [Music] Christend [Music] to Hey, [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] heat. Hey, [Music] you are Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] to thee. All I have [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] I [Music] surrender to [Music] all to Jesus Christ I surrender Oh, [Music] [Music] heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Applause] heat, [Music] heat. for the Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] god. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] I surrender [Music] all &gt;&gt; when you feel his presence. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Such as we have, we can only say there is no one else but you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. Isn't that true? Have you felt his presence? Have you felt him near? Let's just worship him before we're going to dismiss in prayer. And it's so hard to dismiss this kind of a service. But you're not dismissed from this atmosphere. You take it with you. Take it wherever you're going to be this afternoon. Bring it back tonight. It'll be a great encouragement to the minister. So, Brother Lance comes with the word. No, there is one like you. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] There is no [Music] I can search for all eternity and I like [Music] If there be any question in anybody's mind, I offer you this one. I offer you this Lord Jesus. May I present him to you? Isn't he lovely? Isn't he lovely? &gt;&gt; Isn't he beautiful? &gt;&gt; Oh, isn't he lovely? our lover, &gt;&gt; our blessed bridegroom. Oh, he's so lovely. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Isn't he lovely? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Our Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; You say, "Our hearts, they are full. They're full with love and devotion to you. And I know that you've received it. I know that you are pleased with the people and their responding and their giving of themselves, laying their life down. And I believe that if you were here in a physical body, you would move from one to the other. And lay your hand upon them and say, "I bless you. We feel that we have been blessed. We have felt your hand. We've heard your voice and we've responded by saying where you lead me I will follow wherever that is Lord if there's been anyone under the sound of my voice and under the sound of your voice under the umbrella as it were of your presence if anyone still had a question let it be dissolved and removed just a moment in Your presence will solve so many matters. Bless this people I pray. And and as one congregation with one voice we will say I will go in the name of Jesus Christ. Wherever you lead me, oh God, by your Holy Spirit, we will follow. we will be faithful and we trust you to guide our footsteps in the name of Jesus Christ. Send us from this place now Lord for a little refreshment and then this evening let the glory cloud let the shakina settle down upon us as we sit and hear your word in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let us say with one voice, I will go. I will go. Will you follow this man? Luke 17:30, the son of man revealed. Will you follow him? I will go. And with that, you're dismissed in Jesus name. God bless you. be wonderful. [Music] Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] There is nothing. [Music] Glorious. [Music] I can share [Music]
