################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2007-07-29 - v07 0729m Winds of Change-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2007-07-29
Title:    v07 0729m Winds of Change-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 51m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtnFynwD5ig
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Let [Music] sound. [Music] Oh Jesus, draw me [Music] close to you. And let let the world around me [Music] [Music] to you for I desire to worship [Music] That's my desire on this morning. Oh Jesus be close. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord to you and let the world around me. Let us [Music] call [Music] to you for [Music] him once again. Lord Jesus [Music] to you and let the world let the world have me [Applause] [Music] on Jesus. close to you. For I was [Music] hallelujah. Glory to your name, Lord. Lord, we worship you this morning, Father. &gt;&gt; Lord, from the depths of our hearts, oh God, this morning, we want to give you praise, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Lord, we give you glory, Lord. Lord, when we see what you've done in our lives, oh God, how can we do anything, Lord, but lift our hands to you, say, "Thank you, God. Lord, you're so worthy of praise this morning, Lord. You are worthy of all glory, God, and all honor. Lord, you're worthy. You're worthy, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, Lord. Glory to your name, Lord. Glory to your name, Lord. Amen. And we've got a number of prayer requests here this morning and we can't uh take them all, but we want to remember brother Tony who's away. Brother Ivans requested prayer for the church in the central China. Uh brother Gilbert from Saudi Arabia who was here uh was carjacked. They've gone through a very traumatic time. We want to remember them this morning. And uh I want to remember brother Dan Daisley in prayer. And uh if you've got any other needs this morning, you just lift it before the Lord. We go to prayer. Amen. He knows every need. Amen. Every single need this morning that's here. I want to bring them before him this morning. If you're listening in on the internet, you've got a need to just lift it before the Lord this morning. I'm going to ask Brother Dier, Brother DJ, if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. Gracious Father, surely this morning we come to recognize you as the great one among us, Lord, the allsufficient one, the great I am, the almighty God. There's no one beside you. We're so glad that you're alive and well this morning. We're so glad you made yourself accessible to us, Father. As we come this morning, Lord, our voices lifting up to you. You're the only one, Father, that deserve our praise, our adoration. You deserve our love. You deserve our devotion. You deserve our consecration, Father. You deserve our own lives. So we lay them all at your feet today. We say, Father, receive them as a sweet smelling incense as we give ourselves without reservation today. Lord, we have come to honor you, the great God of our salvation. You're the one who has redeemed our lives. You're the one who has purchased us. Oh God, you're the one who paid the price and called us your bride in this hour. How you came back to claim us, oh God, as your purchased possession. We pray this morning, you richly dwell inside of every hearts today. Lord, we want you to have your preeminence once again. For without you, we confess we can do nothing. Lord, we have nothing in our hands that we bring. Father, we only look to the cross of Calvary where the enmity was removed, where the veil was rent, oh God, where the way back to the Holy of Holy was made accessible to a people, oh God, that have been called and redeemed to be priests and kings in this hour. Lord, to have dominion over sin, death, hell, and the grave, to raise triumphant, Father, in this darkened day. Father, we know that your light has shone inside of us. Oh God, we thank you for the quickening power. We thank you Lord for your delivering power dear Jesus that have broken the the wages of sin from our lives that has delivered us oh God to allow us to worship you this morning in spirit and in truth. Angel cannot oh God even touch the worship that your bride can bring to you this morning because she can sing the song of redemption and grace. She recognized Lord that she has been redeemed by the precious blood of the lamb of God. So we thank you this morning. How we magnify your name. How we celebrate you Jesus. How we bless you, oh God. How we lift up your holy name. There's no God like our God. Eternal mighty indeed. Oh Jesus. Move among us today. Have your preeminence. Lord, you know every need in divine presence. We just believe in you. There's no God like you. You alone can touch our lives. You alone can make a difference. Lord, we have not come to see men today. Let your servant as the voice of God will go forth. That resurrection voice, that voice that called Lazarus, that same voice that called Simon, Lord, we believe we're here to hear you. Call us, Father, to that sacred place where we can be ministered to, where, oh God, our needs can be met, where our souls can be strengthened, where we can, oh God, feel the tender hand of Jehovah, just leading us on into total and complete victory. Those that are sick and body, we believe you're the great physician. Touch them this morning. I pray our brother Dan Dasley, your precious servant. Lord, we're holding him up before you this morning, knowing that your arm is not too short to reach to where he is. Father, he's been looking to you, oh God. When science has failed, our God never fails. So we ask, come and oh God, by his sight today and just remember him. Raise him up, Father. Deliver him so completely that your name can be glorified among the saint. As we hear the testimony, Father, we remember the church in China this morning. your people, oh God, under such oppression. But you're the God that delivers your people, Father. So be the portion at this time. Yes, oh God, give them strength and courage to stand in their lot and know that God will deliver them so completely and will prove himself strong on behalf of those that trust in him. Have your way this morning, Lord. Our brother Tony, we pray that you'll continue to be with him. Oh Jesus, we just want you, Father, to comfort our brother Gilbert and his wife, Father, having gone through such a traumatic experience, but we're so glad that you preserve their lives. Oh God, we just give you thanks this morning, Lord. We love you. We just feel so undeserving to stand in your presence, Lord. But we know you have something good in store for us this morning, Lord. So we ask that you remove every hindrance. Let the enemy, oh God, be put to flight today. That a word, father, be victorious as it get delivered by your servant. We want it to touch every heart to strengthen your people and that you can be glorified this morning as we commit the service to you. The singing, the praise, the worship, Father, and everyone at the post of duty, remember us this morning, Lord. We are your people, oh God, and we depend upon you. Let this meeting father be beneficial today to each one that has come to the glory of Jesus Christ. We commit it to you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Man, you can have your seats this morning. Man, we want to welcome all those who are visiting with us and uh special welcome this morning uh brother Matthew Tudis, I believe it is, from Germany. Can we get you to stand up? Amen. We're happy to have you here, brother. God bless you. And also, we have visiting with us, uh, from Brother Donnie Reagan's church in Tennessee, uh, Brother Joel and Sister Irene Y. Get them to stand. They are. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Um, we've got a song this morning from Brother Matthew Wilson. Brother Matthew, why don't you come? And while he's uh coming and getting ready, let's sing uh Mercy Rope My Life. Aren't you glad for his mercy in your life, saints? Mercy rules my life. His mercy re I should have called my soul cast down my life. Oh yes, his mercy. &gt;&gt; It rewrote my life. His mercy re my life. I should have fallen. My soul cast down by the grace. of my [Music] [Music] [Music] I thought I had learned to love the unlovable after I became a Christian. But the mountain I'm facing is higher than that. It's like starting all over again. This mountain so high it blocks out the sky. There's no way of going around. But that's not going to stop me. I'll go over the top. See a believer will never back down. And I'll be one step closer to Jesus. A little bit closer to home. I'll have one more test like all of the rest behind me where it belongs. As my journey gets longer, my faith getting stronger by hacking away with the sword up slippery slopes without a ropes just my Lord. [Music] [Music] God's prophet told me God's working to mold me cuz only pure love can go in. So he's shaping and grinding, honing, refining. Third, pulling me out of my sin. Following the Lord and the crossing of Jordan is really just dying to self. It's Jesus beside me. His word down inside me redeeming a part of himself. Bring me one step closer, Lord Jesus. A little bit closer to home. Let me have one more test. Like all of the rest behind me where it belongs. As my journey gets longer, my faith's getting stronger by cutting away with a sword. of life's slippery slopes without axes or ropes. Just the strong hand of Jesus, my Lord. And I'm one step closer, Lord Jesus. I'm a little bit closer to home. I have one more test like all of the rest behind me where it belongs. As my journey gets longer, my faith getting stronger because I'm believer [Music] creating another black eye for Satan. By the hand of Jesus, my Lord. By the strong hand of Jesus, my Lord. By the strong hand of Jesus, my Lord. Thank you, brother Matthew. Sometimes it seems on the side of a cliff. No axes, no ropes. Brother Ken and I had been there. Remember that time, Brother Ken? About 800 feet or more up this cliff, no ropes, no proper equipment, just before brother Ken got married. And I'm very thankful that the Lord brought us through unscathed. But sometimes it's like that in this life. Amen. seem like you're out there all by yourself and there's no way out. I'm thankful for the Lord's watch and care. Amen. You are my all and all. Let's sing it together as brother Wesal is going to come and bless us with a song. [Music] When I am weak, you are the treure that I seek. You are my inordious. [Music] I want the Holy Ghost to rule. You are my [Music] Lord Jesus, Jesus lamb of God worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, you're the lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Sing it once again. Lord Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy [Music] your name. [Music] Amen. He's worthy this morning, isn't he? Amen. [Music] The Lord is in his holy temple. [Music] The Lord is on his heavenly throne. We bring our praises unto Jesus for all the love that he has shown. We sense the beauty of his presence. We hear the great triumphant shout. Oh, the lamb for sin slain is worthy. How can we keep from crying out singing hallelu [Music] hallelujah singing hallelujah Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Ye holy, [Music] holy, for the Lord God Almighty is holy. [Music] Be holy. Oh, holy. Yes, for holy. Holy is the Lord. Oh, be holy. Holy for the Lord God Almighty is holy. [Music] Be holy. Oh holy. Oh for holy. Holy is the Lord for we are his people. [Music] A whole nation come out of darkness to light. [Music] And we are his building a whole nation. Oh, we're living by faith and not by sight. Singing holy, [Music] holy, [Music] for the Lord God Almighty is holy. Singing holy. Yes, you're holy. Oh, for holy, holy is the Lord. Can you sing it together now? Oh, be holy. Holy for the Lord God Almighty is holy. Singing holy, oh holy, oh for holy, holy is the Lord. And we're singing holy, [Music] holy, for the Lord God Almighty is holy. [Music] Singing holy. is holy all the holy holy is the Lord. We're singing you are holy. Yes, you're holy. [Music] For the Lord God Almighty is holy. You are holy. [Music] Oh holy, oh holy, holy is the Lord. For holy is the Lord. For holy, holy is the Lord. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. &gt;&gt; Holy is the Lord. &gt;&gt; Righteous is his name. There's none beside you, oh Lord. &gt;&gt; You're God and God alone. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We are your children. We are your sons and daughters. &gt;&gt; Bless your name. Bless your name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How we praise you. Amen. You may be seated. God is full of marvelous things, is he not? I understand we have brother David Bisberger with us this morning. &gt;&gt; Brother David, where are you? We have you. Amen. All right. All right. All right. Brother David, did you stand? No. Can you do that for us? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God bless you, Brother David. Although we've not maybe seen so much of each other, our hearts and our spirits and our prayers have been with you. Amen. May you be strengthened. You can be in the fellowship in the house of God. Be strengthened by the fellowship of the saints. We're so thankful. Yesterday morning, we had a a baptismal also here in the church. Brother Tom baptized young Japanese woman who's been studying at UBC has been coming here to the church. Uh brother Philillip Girtson has been speaking to her and she's been coming quite a number of times over the last four years. And then she had to she's going back to Japan yesterday afternoon, but she was desperate. She said, "I must be baptized." So, she was baptized yesterday morning, and we're thankful for Philip's testimony to her. Amen. Going to have uh brother John Briner and Leah to come and bring their son that's going to be dedicated. And then After that, we have a second son to be dedicated as well. And we'll call them after this dedication. Amen. But John and Lee would just bring their child. Let's just sing. Bring them in. Bring uh Jesus loves the little children. What I want. Jesus loves the little children. [Music] Jesus loves the little children. All the children are [Music] black and white. &gt;&gt; Jesus loves the little children of the world. Yes, Jesus loves the little children. All the children, [Music] black and white, they are precious in his sight. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, brother John. And a great day here. God has blessed Am I there? Good. God has blessed our brother John and sister Leah with a son, two daughters, now a son, and they have named him Lincoln Gage. And uh I'm glad that they gave me the interpretation. Lincoln is a quiet leader. And Gage is dedicated dedicated to an oath or a pledge. And I like that someone who will be dedicated to his oath. And I trust that this young son will make a promise to God that he will be dedicated to that oath and that vow and that promise to God. A scripture we read always and I just want to refer to it. And he took up took them up in his arms and put his hands on them and blessed them. We have no record of the future lives of those children after Jesus took them up in his arms and blessed them. There's nothing written, we have nothing on written record of what took place in the lives of those children. But I can assure you one thing that those children perhaps were not aware of the of the future events or the events that took place in their lives and the things that came by their way which they were not conscious of but were the direct result of this blessing that the Lord Jesus placed upon them. And that blessing was upon them because God put something in the heart of the parents. I want my child. I want my daughter. I want my son blessed of God. Not some little formality. Not some little ceremony in the church. Certainly not some empty tradition, but I want my child blessed of Almighty God. I know that God sees that and God hears that. and uh they would live the rest of their lives not knowing that the benefits that came to them came as a direct result. And I'm praying also that upon Lincoln Gage will come the blessings of almighty God as a result of the faith that is in the mother and father's heart. The Bible said also of the mother of Samson, and the woman bare a son, and called his name Samson, and the child grew, and the Lord blessed him. That's all we're here for. There's a lot of children born in the world. A lot of children come up and have some kind of form of church or religious ceremony. That's not where it's at. We want this last line. And the Lord blessed him. And that's my desire here today. And the Lord bless thee and keep thee is my prayer for Lincoln. The Lord make his face to shine on thee, and be gracious to thee, and the Lord lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace. I pray that the Lord will bless this child with a tender heart towards God. I'm praying that God will bless this child and make him useful and fruitful in the kingdom of God. And I pray that God the greatest blessing that I could invoke is the essence of the word blessed. And the word blessed in the Old Testament comes from eulogy which is we have eulogy which is well done and a spoken word log go. May he hear by a living voice of the Lord Jesus Christ well done. When this life is over and when he needs no more of earth's blessings. We're going to pray God's blessings upon him. Lord, as I hold this son in my arms and Jesus, as you bless the children, I'm a poor substitute for you. But as your servant, I lay my hands upon him and ask your blessing upon him. Lord, I pray that you will, oh God, bless him with health, bless him with strength, make him a blessing in this home. Make him a joy in this home. And above all things, when he comes of age, may he hear your voice and may he say yes at that time, Lord. And as you have given him, Lord, to John and Leo, we dedicate him to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And may he use this voice for the gospel. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When I start praying, I will not be defeated. Hallelujah. God bless you, brother John. Give your leadership in this home. How blessed they are. I know how nervous parents get. Oh, I hope my child doesn't squeal or whatever. Uh, don't worry. I I have some amplification here and uh I will just yell over them. I will pray over it anyway. I'm not going to be defeated in my prayer of blessing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We're so happy we have a second son also. Now, I just take these in the order as they as they call my home. We don't have any preference one over the other, but brother Adam and Sister Sarah Graham. And we're so delighted also that Sister Sarah's parents are able to be here at this time. if you'd just come, Brother Adam, sister Sarah, our brother and sister Lumsford, hear from Phoenix and how I enjoyed the testimonies. Uh, I would like the church to actually hear maybe at the end of the service if at all possible. Brother Lumsford, if you could just I'd like to have you come forward after I finish the ministry and tell how you saw that man in the wheelchair and that case and just that event if you could. It would be a great blessing and I'd like to have it permanently recorded here so we would be able to bless those that are on the internet and so on. I enjoyed that so much. Amen. Hallelujah. My oh my. And here we have Gideon Michael. Oh, I started studying about Gideon and I almost got so blessed that I I I thought I was going to have to preach on him. Hallelujah. I I saw this boy last night and I thought his name is Gideon, but he's it looks like he's got the locks of salmon Samson on him. Hallelujah. Brother Adam and sister Sarah, I'm sure you pondered what you would call this son. And uh Gideon, mighty warrior. Just I just like that so much. Michael, who is like God or godlike. Adam's parents are here. So this son has grandparents from both sides of the family and he's indeed privileged to have such a heritage. And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of the Lord, Gideon said, "Alas, oh Lord God, for because I have seen an angel of the Lord face to face." And the Lord said to him, "Peace be unto thee, fear not, thou shalt not die." Then Gideon built an altar there unto the Lord, and called it Jehovah Shalom. That's the only place in the Bible it appears. Gideon perceived that it was not just, and I'm saying this because I'm praying that this son, and there's no reason why we shouldn't pray, will be blessed with that same kind of visitation and that he will be blessed with that same perception to realize, oh, this just isn't a strange experience. This is actually the angel of the Lord that has come to me. And from that perception, and this really moved me, brother Adam, because you told me of two experiences. This boy doesn't know that you as his father experienced two critical times in your life. And you told me of them last night. And I was moved when I began to I added that to what I wanted to say today. and in a critical time when his life could have been extinguished in a car could have been a car wreck. But he said just incredible indescribable peace came and this Gideon gave the world this title for God, Jehovah Shalom, peace. And I'm asking that when this Gideon sees the angel of the Lord that he will and may he have this same encounter. And when he has this encounter, may it be the same thing that it was to that Gideon. Peace. Say Jehovah shalom to my soul, to my life. And I pray that he will give himself to God in such a way. And may this Gideon experience the same God that that Gideon did. There's no reason why those things are written in the scripture for our promises. And I'm sure that you attached if this Gideon was not in the Bible, I doubt if you'd have called him by that name. But that's what inspired you. And so it's I have a right as a servant of Christ to say may the God of that Gideon may be the God of this Gideon. May the perception that he had be the perception that he had. And when he's done and that with that encounter, may he say he is Jehovah Shalom. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going to pray God's blessings upon Gideon. The name of our Lord Jesus Christ. How lovely you are, Lord. You've given these such rich gifts, beautiful gems. And how you have had this son called Gideon Michael. You gave him as a gift, Lord, to our sister Sarah and brother Adam. And now as they have standing here before this group of witnesses, this congregation, may you receive this son as they return him to you. And we dedicate him in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. May he be kept always in good health. May he be strong. And I pray when that encounter comes, he will perceive it is the angel of the Lord. And may this message be a reality to him. And may it be something that he will utter and witness freely from his own mouth. I bless him in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and his father and mother with leadership to guide him. Lord Jesus, as you bless the children, I bless him now in your name, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Bless you. God bless you, Sister Sarah. God bless you. Amen. We've been blessed by the visit of our brother Edmund Titus. Titus from India and I mentioned that our brother Titus's aunt was in brother Brandham's meetings in Bombay where brother Brandham said there were some of these greatest meetings were actually in India and uh just before I speak uh we only have one service where we've got time for everything. Amen. going to invite you, brother Titus, to come and and uh brother Titus also has a bit of a a PowerPoint going to show some slides and uh then then we'll come to the word and after brother Titus I'd like if brother if Wesley could be just ready to sing the chorus of that song. Didn't he love that song? I'll tell you why I loved it especially. I was coming to church this morning in my car and I was singing out of my heart, holy, holy, holy. I didn't know this song and the old song uh sings holy, holy, I don't care for it because it was written by denominationals. God in three persons, holy trinity. I said, I I reject that. He's one God &gt;&gt; and the angels say holy. Saraphim say holy. Cloverdale Bible Way says &gt;&gt; holy amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Listen, be free, friends. &gt;&gt; I'm gonna have a jubilee whether you are or not. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You might as well just start enjoying yourself. We're here for a wonderful time. &gt;&gt; Amen. Come, brother Titus, would you please? They have to leave back, I think, tomorrow or Tuesday. Is it tomorrow? tomorrow. Well, God bless you, brother Titus. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads. Precious heavenly father, our dear Lord Jesus Christ, I thank you for this blessed opportunity to stand here as your witness. And as I stand behind this sacred desk, Lord, I commit myself into thy hands. Lord, unite me with the Holy Ghost and put your words in my mouth so that whatever I speak should glorify your name Lord. In Jesus name. Amen. Uh before I start my testimony, would you mind if I sing a song along with my family? Rachel and his family may join me. Although we are not very good singers or rather I should say we don't know how to sing but we definitely know how to make a joyful night noise unto the Lord. [Music] [Music] SN. They don't do [Music] God's [Music] Father [Music] to us. [Music] Yes. [Music] mechan [Music] [Music] Foreign [Music] lie. [Music] God. [Music] Li [Music] Jehovah. [Applause] [Music] God. [Music] Finally, [Music] God bless you. Amen. God bless you all. Especially God bless you brother Biscll and all the saints here at Bible way. I have written down my testimony and I would like to be precise. So I don't want to deviate from the limited time which has been allotted to me and that is why please bear with me if I read from this. So I bring you greetings from the bride of Christ at Nagpur which is in India. We have almost stayed here for about two months and we found that there's a beautiful bride of Christ in beautiful British Columbia. Whenever we used to read behind the cars on the number plate, beautiful British Columbia, we almost every time said this is a there is a beautiful bride of Christ at British Columbia in and u this church glor Bible way. It was a very nice time to be with you all. I especially want to thank brother Biscll this morning for giving me time to speak a few words today of the small work which is being done by me in India about little bit about my family and also about the miraculous healing of my aunt. So I hope this will the short testimony will bless you all. I also want to thank the saints here for the translation and printing of message books especially for the Hindi translation through which the Hindi- speakaking churches in India are greatly blessed. As you all might be aware, Hindi is the national language of India and uh most everybody understands Hindi. So we are greatly blessed by your effort brother and all the efforts of this church. uh as I told you earlier many of you earlier we are regularly streaming the services and I'm sure my family back in India is streaming this service live today so I greet them also in Jesus name and the services have been of great spiritual blessings to all of us in making ourselves ready for the rapture we are tremendally tremendously blessed by the ministry of brother Ed Bisll, brother Tomrey and all the ministers of CL Bible Way. I believe believers across the world would join me in praising the Lord for providing these internet services. This has been a great source of blessing to us. So thank you once again and God bless you saints for caring for the bride of Christ around the world and extending the services to us. Now a short testimony about my family. As you all know predestination is a very vital truth of the Bible. We all have been predestinated before the foundation of the world to be conformed to the image of Lord Jesus Christ. So when I think of predestination, I would like to share with you that my grandfather who was a Hindu and a son of a Hindu religious priest was the only survivor of the plague that struck India during 1890s. Of all the children which my greatgrandfather had, my grandfather was only survivor and he was a Hindu. But he was only 12 years old at that time. But the Christian missionaries who were there present in India at that time, they took care of my father. They kept him in their home and they brought him up. And at the age of 19, he accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as his personal savior and was baptized and the missionaries named him Titus. So that is how our surname started from there. From the beginning it was in his blood to preach because he belonged to a priestly family. It was earlier a Hindu priestly family when he accepted the Lord Jesus Christ. He still had in his blood to preach the word of God. So he used to go out in his own way and preach into the remote jungles and villages. One evening it was twilight time and he was returning back from preaching in a remote jungle after the evening service and he was coming uh there are no roads in the villages in jungles. It is a rough patch from where people find their way. So he was coming from there and suddenly a tiger huge tiger crossed his way and he stood and the tiger looked at him and my grandfather just prayed a simple prayer because he was at that time in the Lutheran faith. He just prayed to God and God saved his life. The tiger simply looked at him and went away. That was predestination. Then so the Lord preserved him so that he and his son and his generations should accept this message and be a part of the bride of Jesus Christ. Now my my grandfather was also present in brother Branham's meetings when brother Branham visited Bombay in India in September 1954 with his two daughters and his youngest daughter my aunt was critically ill. She was with us in our home at Nagpur being the youngest sister of my father. My father brought her up in his own home as his own daughter and uh she was critically ill and all the doctors of Nagpur could not diagnose what the disease was. At that time medical facilities and diagnostic centers were also not so advanced. So when they heard that brother Branam is visiting Bombay and he is endowed with a commission from the angel of the Lord that nothing can stand before his prayer and great miracles are happening throughout the world. So they my grandfather and my grandmother and my two aunts were there in the meetings and when my on the very first day of brother Brian's convention uh campaign she got prayer card number one predestination she got prayer card number one and as a young girl of about 25 26 years at that time she was very nervous before the lacks of people hundreds of thousands of people she went on the stage. She she still describes that to me. So and brother Brandham as he saw her he discerned what is her name? She he said you are escatitis. You are not from here. You are from uh central India from a place called Nagpur and you are suffering from this disease and doctors have given up you to die. And then he said I perceive that you are a child of God and there is no G in your heart. and he prayed for her and he said in the name of Jesus Christ I you are healed and from that day from that very moment my aunt received her healing I'll be showing you your picture she received the healing and from that day she has never taken any medicine and till today she's alive &gt;&gt; she's Amen to go hallelujah She is 79 years old. And just before I was coming to Canada, just three days before she telephoned me and told me, she calls me Ed because my name is Edmund. So she's she said Ed, I want to be baptized in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Now my father died till the day of his death. He was telling her this is the truth. You have to accept it if you want to go in the rapture. This is the true message. But she did not accept it. But just three days before I came to Canada, she telephoned me all of a sudden and I was surprised and I told her after I come back from Canada, I'll baptize you definitely. So you can see the predestion after 54 years she tells now I want to be baptized. &gt;&gt; Of course she was also present when the miracle of the healing of the blind man was performed by brother Ranham. Immediately after my aunt's healing, uh they were there and they saw with their own eyes how that blind man received his sight. Of course, in 1954, I was a small boy of 8 years only. Anyway, then after brother Brandham left India, as you all may be aware, there was no follow-up work. We did not know of his word ministry. Our family had the visitation of God through his prophet Elijah. We knew that brother Brandham is the prophet of God and he has got great healing ministry. Up to that we knew but we did not know about his word ministry until after 1963 when my father started receiving message books and that too one or two message books in a month. My father was then pastoring a Pentecostal church and had approximately 250 members. As the Holy Spirit began to convince him about the truth, he shared the same with his family. We used to sit in the night have a prayer and all and he used to share out of the message which he had read during the day. And the Holy Spirit began to work in our family. And on 2nd March 1969, my grandfather, my father, his two sisters, me and one of my sisters, we all got baptized in the name of Lord Jesus Christ and we accepted the message of the hour. Now here I would like to show you a few pictures on PowerPoint of the small congregation which we have in Nagpur. The work is developing now. I was in government service so I could not fully devote my time to the ministry. I was uh officer with the Indian revenue service and I retired only in October. So after that I am fully uh devoting my time, my heart, my soul to this work. So I'd like to show you some pictures. As you see, it is the greeting from the bride of Lord Jesus Christ at Nagpur, India. Shalom. Many many believers ask me where is Nagpur? So I just had this map. Nangur is down south of Russia and west of China in India in center of India. We'll come to that. Now the population of India is approximately 1.3 billion. The Christian population is about 24 million which accounts for about 2.34% of the country's total population. 1.5% of the Christian population are Catholics and the remaining are Protestants. Nagpur has a population of nearly 3 million and Christian population of the city is approximately three lakhs of which nearly 50% are Catholics. Nagpur as I said is in the center of India. So we have the zero milestone also which is depicted here in the picture and inscription that uh poll is there which shows you this is the center of India. Then we have sprawling shopping malls in Nagpur. It is not a very backward place. In India there is a wide disparity. on one hand you have dire poverty on the other hand you have uh great affluence. So this is one such market in Nagpur. Nagpur is a very big city and uh a lot of business centers are there. This business center is just behind my house or rather my house is behind this business center. Now this is the small lake where we were baptizing the people and uh my father also used to baptize there only and there was one brother um from Tanzania brother Zephaniah Peters during the minister's conference he showed us one clipping where he was to baptize a person and they were going with a measuring rod and going and seeing how deep is the water. The water was all muddy. I don't know whether brother Peters is there or not. Anyway, so brother Biskel remember that. So we use had to do the same thing in this lake and measure because suddenly it used to be very deep. So instead of drawing along with the baptismal candidate, we thought it is better to measure the depth first and then to enter. So my elder used to go and do that for me and we used to baptize people of course. Now this is the baptism of brother Deepak, October 18th, 1988. And along with brother Deepak, my two daughters were also baptized in this same place on the same day. Now this place is beautified by the government and it has become so crowded on any day that it is not possible to conduct any religious service or baptize people because that will create a havoc there. They're all anti-Christian people and uh it'll be difficult. So we have constructed a small tank in the backyard of my house which I'll show you when we come to the baptisms. So this is my house. We were first meeting here. Is it to do Okay, it's all right. We were meeting on the ground floor and if you can see the um front ver people were sitting there also when we used to have worship there and even under the patio we used to put the chairs and people used to sit there and we used to have the Sunday worship service and even witness evening. But then it was difficult. They could pull on in summer. But in now the rainy season started and we have rainy season for four months in India and it rains very heavily. Downpour is so heavy. It rains like cats and dogs. So we not we did not expect our believers to sit with open umbrellas. Each one having his umbrella and then worshiping the Lord. So we constructed this first floor on top of my house which you can see and it is partly completed and we are going to complete it after we go back. Now this is the uh the hall where we are worshiing on the first floor. You can see the worship service in progress. You can see the sisters who are singing, raising their hand and praising and worshiping God. The men folks beating drums and other instruments. You can see myself also in the picture. Some are on the out verenda also on the first floor. Again the worship service is going on. Again the another section where you can even see sister Rachel raising her hand. Yeah. This is another view where some ladies are sitting on the ground. Even my daughter is sitting there. So these are some of the views of the church service which were lying on the first floor of our house. Now this is these are some photographs of the baptismal service. As I told you we have constructed a small tank in the courtyard in the backyard of our house and we are having baptisms. Not in this photograph. In this photo, this young believer, he was already a pastor in Anglican church and he had about 40 converts whom he had baptized in the name of father, son and holy ghost. when he accepted this message, he has a burden to share the truth with them. So I baptized about eight people just before coming here on 27th May and presently I hear I get emails from my people and they say that about five six are still waiting including my grandson Joshua. Now here is the picture which I want to show. This is the picture of my eldest daughter's wedding. You can see on extreme right myself standing there. I may be looking very young to you but that was 10 years ago in 1997 this picture is taken. So on the extreme right I am standing and on my right side is brother Deepak. He's also looking very young with respects. Then in front of brother Deepak in red sari is my wife sister Rachel. Behind and by the side of Deepak is my second daughter Kiran and by the side of my wife is my eldest daughter Joti and my son-in-law Nitan. who is looking after the church when I'm away here. He's he's taking care of the church at NPU. And the lady which you see in the white sweater in front of me and brother Deepak, there's a lady standing by the side of my wife with white sweater on. She is my aunt who was healed through the ministry of the granam. Now I'll take a few more minutes and then conclude about the India campaign. You are all aware. Brother Brandham speaks about his visit to Bombay, India. In quite a few of his messages, he tells about the blind sun worshipper man receiving his sight and the magnitude of his healing ministry. He also expresses how the churches in India should have taken care of the new converts who got converted from various religions with his v visit to India. So I'll just want to show you a clipping if you can just allow me to play it. Is it what is wrong? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Church about the city with doubt and that's when the blind man received his sight stand there when I challenged every Muhammad and everyone come give me his sight and I'll believe you let that god he is the worship of the sun out of his eyes is out he worshiped the creation to the creator I said I was down at the temple of James you know and and Buddhas and all of them there seven or eight different religions and every one of them against Jesus Christ and didn't believe in him so that night when that great challenge come there was all of them sitting out said now here's a man been blind for 20 years. You think I'm reading his mind? You know, a holy man, you know, and so forth, the worshippers. I said, "You think it's a telepathy?" That's reading his mind, telling him what his name. Couldn't he pronounce it? Had to spell it out. See? And so I said, "Uh, that was right." And he was a man had two children, his wife, and one boy eight, the other 10 or something like that. I said, "Now you thought that mental telepathy." Now, if that's mental telepathy, then you come here. I don't know nothing about telepathy. If it is, you're a genius at it. I don't know about psychology. You come here and give me sight and I'll follow you. I said, the Mohamad religion is so great. This Quran is right. I said, then let the Muhammad priest come here and give him the sight and I'll be a Muhammad. &gt;&gt; I said, now I challenge you, everyone in the name of Jesus Christ to come give him his sight. I'd have never said that if I hadn't seen a vision to go to receive his sign, but I know where it was at. That's the quietest bunch you ever heard. Thousands. Why take me two hours to press through an automobile to get up there? And so the man standing there and I said, he said he'd serve the God to give you his sight. I said, "That's a great big challenge to the Muhammad religion, Buddha, James or whatever it might be. There it is." So nobody I said, "What you so quiet about?" I said, "You know, the reason they don't come is because they can't do it. And neither can I. But the God of heaven has raised up his son Jesus Christ whose witness I am. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I said I saw a vision that he's going to get his sight. Now I said if he doesn't get his sight I'm a false prophet run me out of India. But if he does get his sight now how many of you will receive Christ as personal savior and forget about your Muhammad and prophet and so forth just as far as you've seen masses of hands thousands times. That's it. &gt;&gt; I motioned to him. I told him in translator I said don't interpret this. I said, "Heavenly Father, it's again Mount Carmel." I said, "You will not let your word be defeated because you showed me the man that was going to receive his sight." I said, "Let the God who showed me the vision of his eyes being open. Let him open the eyes." He let out a scream. The mayor could see as good as I can. Anyone else? He run to the mayor of the city. I had to leave the platform. I didn't have no shoes. when I got out there and pockets all from my clothes and they had great big strings of people I guess the guards or something had them long sticks you know holding them off like that and people run over their feet under the leg just to touch it crawl on top of their back I had to leave the city that he we couldn't get out of the city kind of having protection and that man had testified before the governor or the what president I think it is up there and the mayor of the city was witness of it I had his name I got it one of my pockets now I think down motel, one of the pockets of my co &gt;&gt; and so were my family a witness to this great event, great miracle. &gt;&gt; I went to Bombay. I count that my greatest meeting because of the effect it had on the people. And I if in Africa they say 30,000 came to Christ at one time, then there was 150 or 200,000 came to Christ at one time out of that half a million. What could I do? There was a thing perhaps say there was just say there's 100,000 of them. There was no church, nothing I could do. There's nobody to give to them. The message I believe there was even a Pentecostal denomination would cooperate with me. And all those souls probably back in Jan Buddhism, whatever they come from. No place to put them. No, that was a shame. Prophet said that's a shame. That's a dis disgrace. See, because I had no cooperation because of the stand that I take. So that is why lot of work which could have been done in India was not done and the message came very late in India. So we are so thankful to God that the message of the hour is continuing to reach those who are predestinated to his bride before the foundation of the world. So now the prophet demonstrated before the whole world that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. And his message still is true. Whenever we play the tape in our meetings, great miracles are happening. Just some time back a boy uh his mother was a Buddhist and his both the legs were crooked so much so that the sole of his feet were looking skyward like this and he was he was walking like this. And that uh poor old woman illiterate. She asked me what can be done. I said we will have faith for her and we'll pray for her. We prayed for her son and I told her you play the message of brother Brandham in your house. I gave her some cassettes and she started playing the house and within two to three months time both of his legs became normal and now he he's a boy of about 18 20 years old and he is playing football soccer he's uh driving his motorcycle absolutely normal he's wearing shoes similarly many of people who had demon possession They were delivered instantly. Recently a Roman Catholic man, he he was also baptized on 27th May along with the eight persons. He had demon possession. So my elder went to his house, he was called. They prayed and then they played the message of brother Brandham be certain of God. And as the tape was being played within 10 minutes all the demons left him. He came back to his senses and he accepted Jesus Christ as his personal savior and he was baptized in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; So not only the message is still alive, it is the voice of God for this age. I also experienced it in my own healing when I was healed he healed of the heart trouble completely. So, not only is the message still healing the people, the message of God's prophet was sent to call out the bride of Lord Jesus Christ out of the logician church age and to prepare her for the rapture. So, the message is changing the lives of the believers who are listening to the message. This we are experiencing and you all are also experiencing to that in India in a remote place in Nagpur you find people whose lives are changed. We don't have to tell them uh you uh wear such type of dress where have ladies don't have short hair. The message is telling them they are illiterate people. But the Hindi message books which have reached their hands they are reading and they are understanding and they are accepting the message and it is changing their lives. So we find the bride of Christ being prepared all over the world for rapture and we at Nagpur are also looking forward waiting eagerly for the rapture. May our hearts be always tuned to hear the call come up hither. Amen. So may our Lord Jesus Christ continue to bless and prosper our precious brother Biscll, brother Tomrey and all the ministers and saints of CL Bible way. Amen. God bless you all richly and take our greetings back to the saints in India. Amen. To the church. Well, it's it's just nice to be able to uh share something with people who are on the other side of the world. Amen. going to have you stand with me now and uh let's just sing we worship thee in spirit and in truth shall we? And then I'll have you turn also to while we're singing you can turn to John's gospel the 20th chapter John we worship you in spirit and in truth. We worship you in spirit. [Music] We worship you in spirit and in truth together. We'll just offer this prayer. Father, where two or three are gathered in your name, there you are in the midst. And we're many more than that just now. But we have come to say we're dependent upon you. We have come to say that we thank you for what we have heard and for the great things you have done, but even more so the great things that you are doing now. Lord, you have surely been raised up from history and you have proven yourself, Lord, to us that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Somebody needs you today, Lord. And I pray that what they've heard will encourage and inspire their faith. And now I ask oh God that the Holy Spirit, the divine Holy Ghost with the spirit of revelation will be upon each one of us and enlarge oh God the boundaries of our thought and our understanding in eternal things in the name of Jesus Christ I ask it. Anoint us all for service now. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I ask for your undivided attention. Are you ready? &gt;&gt; All right. I want to start to read at uh in the 20th chapter at the 11th verse. But Mary stood without at the sele. As she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the seeler, and seeth two angels in white sitting, and one at the head, and the other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain. And they say unto her,"Woman, why weepest thou?" And she saith unto them, Because they have taken away my Lord, and I know not where they have laid him. And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not that it was Jesus. Jesus said unto her,"Woman, why weepest thou? Whom seekest thou?" She supposing him to be the gardener, sith unto him, Sir, if you have borne him hence tell me where thou hast laid him, and I will take him away." Jesus saith unto her, Mary. She turned herself and said unto him, "Reboni," which is to say, "Master." Jesus saith unto her, "Touch me not, for I am not yet ascended to my father." But go to my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my father, and to your father, and to my God, and to your God. May God bless his word. As you have your seats, I want to draw your attention very quickly. And if you stay with me, because this has been a important time for me, I'm I'm going all the way back from the from the convention which we've had. I I'm still under the effects of what God was and is doing. Uh, I want to speak on these words, winds of change. And I'd like to draw your attention to this one single and very important fact. And I'll show it to you in the scriptures and in normal life, our our everyday life is we are not always conscious of these change changing winds of change. When changes are taking place, we're not always conscious of it until after the fact. And then we look back and we see the change that has taken place. Now even in natural life, we're very very aware of what is called adolescence, what is children or childhood. But there is that era, that time in everyone's life. they change from adolescence into adulthood. And uh uh many many cultures also in India and the Hindu culture and in uh uh in in the Jewish culture they have the bar mitzvah when a child is uh believed to have come into adulthood and they have all these various types of ceremonies. In the Christian world, they have, you know, a confirmation, the rights of confirmation and a a time when they regard that the child has now come into adulthood and should be responsible as adults. But you know within the even within the chemistry of our bodies we're not aware that we're just we're changing and and then as as time goes on then it you know it it we're uh uh sometimes even you know kind of surprised well such a change is taking place within our own bodies and with our own emotional self. changes are we become aware of it and we're not aware of it while it's taking place but we become aware of it just following or as soon afterward and I'm going to give you uh a number of things uh uh just quickly before we I break into that that particular subject I want to give you a number of scriptures and some and some quotes as well spiritually speaking It is absolutely essential that we are in tune with God and that we have made known to us by the Holy Spirit what not what he has done but what he's doing now. I believe that's very important. Now the scripture says this. These things, this is John 12:16. Don't turn to it. I'm just going to read it. These things understood not the disciples at the first. I'll just start again. These things understood not the disciples at the first. But when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him. Afterward, they became aware of it. Peter when he was rehearsing to the apostles in Jerusalem what had happened at Cornelius's house and how he had had the vision and how Cornelius had sent men to him and he's rehearsing this and and as he's speaking he's saying this and as I began to speak the Holy Ghost fell on them as on us at the beginning then remembered I the word of the Lord. Lord, how he had said, John indeed baptized with water, but you shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost. So, we have in the scripture where John the John the Baptist says those words, but they heard the Lord Jesus say those words and those words came back into Peter's remembrance after he has now preached. And so now he's been, please understand, he's been working his way through the whole event. He's had the vision. He's seen the sheet coming down saying, "Peter, eat. I've never eaten of anything unclean. Take and eat." And God is showing him that now he must go to the Gentiles. Men are at the door knocking. He he he follows them. And there were six alto together that went with him. He goes to Cornelius's house. While he's preaching, the Holy Ghost falls on them. And when all this now he's gone through the whole event, then I remembered the word of the Lord that he shall baptize you. John indeed baptized with water, but you shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost. Jesus in speaking to Nicodemus, he said, "The wind bloweth where it listeth." Don't just get caught up in the fact that you know these verses almost by memory, but think what he's saying. And the wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou you hear the sound thereof, and can but can not tell whence it cometh and whether it goeth. So is everyone that is born of the spirit. Jesus is saying he he's describing the most incredulous experience that can happen to a human being. They are actually born again of the spirit of God. And he said you hear the sound. You you maybe see some evidence of it but really do not understand. We don't know where it came from. We don't know where it's going. All you see is an event and then and then after you see the event, you come to a realization. The realization something's passed by. &gt;&gt; Right while you're standing there or here here today in the service, right in this service, this very scripture could be fulfilled once again. And you sitting right beside that individual wouldn't know. It would pass straight through. that person be born again of the spirit of God, receive eternal life, have their sins totally forgiven, and you wouldn't know a thing about it. It would just pass by. And then on down the road, you say, "My, she's changed. My, he's changed." But you didn't know the wind came from a direction and it went another direction and you know nothing about it. That's our God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's the way he operates in the message Mary's belief. Brother Brennham is in Angelie Temple in Los Angeles. He said this Angel Temple is thirsting for an outbreak of the Holy Spirit. Not only that, but the whole United States, speaking of of the Christian realm, is waiting for a revival in our time. He was saying this in 1959. But we're waiting for something to happen. And I believe that God has let it happen and we're just so pushing it somewhere else until it until it'll pass over us and our time of grace will be done. &gt;&gt; We're pushing for it. We're waiting for it. We're we're expecting it, but the people don't realize what it is that they're waiting for. He said, "Let's believe that this is the night that God will do." And I will say to you, let's believe that this is the day that God will do the exceedingly abundantly above all that we could do or think. He will do it tonight. Don't take it for another answer. He said it's when it's when we think that these things it's when we think these things, you create an atmosphere around you. So if you want to put it off on the future, fine. But it'll pass by. It'll pass straight through and you don't even realize it's happened. But if you believe, you say, "I'm not waiting for a future time. I'm expecting what I have need of. I'm expecting what someone else has need of. I'm expecting it now. I'm going to create an atmosphere of faith and believe in this God for this word says he is the same exactly what he was. He is today and he will be tomorrow." In sers, we would see Jesus. He said, "But remember, before this happens, the church has to go." So he's referring to some things that are to take place. He said, "But the church has to go." So we're at the end time. We're right in the shadows of his coming right now. This is 1957. He said, "I'm so thankful to see that he's come down to prove his word." U if it's been a dozen or more uh or or before a million. He said, "I'm so glad he's come and prove his word if it's even before a dozen or if it's before a million. But it'll pass. Listen to this now. But it'll pass right through the people and millions will never know about it. It's always been that way and it always will be that way." Then they'll wonder sometime, "Well, I didn't uh really I didn't know it." He said, "Got eyes but can't see. in the message desperation which is the service right after the token he said you can't be desperate till God speaks to you oh I pray that he does today oh church rise shake yourself pinch your conscience wake yourself up in this hour we must be desperate or perish there's coming forth something from the Lord and I know it is thus saith the Lord. There's coming forth something and we better get desperate. It's between life and death. Here's my point. It'll pass through us and we won't see it. I really am s I'm I'm really in a a state of awe at the times that he says it'll pass through us. It'll pass through us. Not even beside us, but it'll pass through us. It is something that's happening in a supernatural, in a spiritual realm. When I turned from a child to a man, it passed through me and I didn't even realize it till afterwards someone starts saying, "My, you grew so much in so such a short period of time. You your voice has changed. This has changed. That has changed. All I realize is, you know, some things were taking place, but you don't fully comprehend what's happening." and you turn from a a girl into a woman. You turn from a boy into a man. It passed through you, but you weren't realizing it at the time. Even though the word is being preached, the Holy Spirit passing through you. Amen. And spiritual maturity is taking place and you don't realize it. You, right? You come in burdened. You come in clouded with doubts and whatever more and it passes through you and you're not even aware the washing of the power of the blood of Jesus Christ passing through you cleansing you. You may not even realize it but it passes through you something you're carrying. It passes through you and you walk out the doors and it's gone. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's our God &gt;&gt; and that's the power of his word. That's the power of his spirit. We want to be in a place where we don't miss it, where we realize it. Even though, oh God, make me sensitive. So soon as it happens, I'm sitting there. I'm aware something's taking place. Perhaps I can't define it, but something's happening. &gt;&gt; And begin to give him glory. Begin to give him thanks. I know that something's happening. and I'll thank him anyway because I'm in expectation &gt;&gt; whether I feel it or I don't feel it &gt;&gt; in door and a door. Now we come to the rapture. He said, "What if the what if today the rapture came and he took two from Tucson and one from Phoenix and around the world as a universal rapture will be and the thing and the ones that rises from the dead will go to meet him in the air and steal away a mysterious thing and then one of these days judgment drops upon the earth." And you say, "Well, wasn't this supposed to be a rapture time? Wasn't it supposed to be rapture first? It's already come and you didn't know and you knew it not. Think how many people will disappear in the world today. Think about how many people will disappear even today while we're sitting here in this 24-hour period. How many people will disappear? Will we know anything about it? Probably not a person in this building will have heard about it. And they won't even hear a word. You'll know nothing about it. There'll be 500 people in the world which will come up missing and you won't know nothing about it. We're living in a terrific time. 500 people disappear and we you won't hear about it but it will pass through. It will have happened in the presence of God unrecognized. He says this and this is 1964 now. And think people will go right on preaching. Now we're after the we're after the rapture. Just think people will go right on preaching. They're saying believe they're getting saved. So they're not only preaching, they're having results. People are becoming uh immoved and uh and and and come believing that they're getting saved and they'll be adding to the church. So the churches will be growing. Number three, and building churches. Number four, they'll be building buildings to accommodate the growth of the congregation and going on just like they did in the days of Noah and so forth and not know it. And the rapture done passed. &gt;&gt; Is that what he said? &gt;&gt; That's what he said. &gt;&gt; And the rapture done passed. He said it's already happened and he didn't know it. There's hundreds of people disappear from the earth and people know nothing about where they went to. They can't account for it. Somebody was going somewhere. They never hear from them no more. And that could be the rapture. Now I come back to Mary. Now Mary is caught up into the details of a of an event. She's caught up. Things are happening. Jesus was taken in judgment. A trial is taking place. The disciples are are scattering. The power is gone. The message seems to have lost all of its all of its power and weight and uh and and the thousands I mean here's a woman say where the thousands go where did the crowds go? Where is where's all the supernatural? Where's the miracles? Where's all this? And and now she caught up in the event and and and and they've been there and they've seen him. They've seen the most dreadful of of deaths and and Christ crucified and the and the thieves on each side, the male factors with him and taken down and he's taken into a tomb and and the whole thing is just a one great big uh movement of of happening and you're caught in the event. She didn't know. There she is and she's looking at Jesus. She's looking straight at Jesus. She's looking at the word &gt;&gt; who's now changed his mask. &gt;&gt; And the scripture says, "And knew not that it was Jesus." &gt;&gt; Looking straight at the fulfillment of the word and knew not it was the fulfillment of the word. The word changing its form, changing its mass. He's changing from son of son of man to son of God. And in that change, she was not aware of that change taking place. But she didn't know that paradise had been emptied out. &gt;&gt; She didn't know. She didn't know that Satan had been stripped of the keys of death, hell, and the grave. What if someone had come to her marry? Why are you weeping? All the saints that have died in the faith, they're up walking in the streets of Jerusalem. &gt;&gt; That would have cheered her heart. Mary, the Lord has descended into the heart of the earth and has stripped Satan of the keys of death, hell, and the grave. He is now powerless. Mary, &gt;&gt; the the seed of the woman has crushed the serpent's head. &gt;&gt; It's already happened. &gt;&gt; And it went through her and she was unaware. She didn't know all of that had happened. She didn't know that redemption had been purchased. She didn't know that the price had been paid. All of that had passed through. And she was completely unaware of it. She was caught up. Caught up in what was taking the details of everything. Just caught up. There's definitely something that was supernatural that was taking place. And I might add that when when he is changing his mask, that's a time that's most difficult. He's changing from son of man, the prophet, to take his office as a priest. He's changing from that eagle ministry, that prophet ministry to the priesthood. And he's going to ascend for you and I. He's going to ascend into the Holy of Holies. Going to ascend before into the very presence of God with the blood of the sacrifice, the atonement for all mankind. Can you believe the sins of the world? Mary knew nothing about that the sins of the price for the sins of the world had been paid for. She knew nothing. Even we knew nothing until a prophet declared in this day that when that blood flowed down from the cross, God was claiming back the earth once again for a future home for the bride, the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. Oh, I mean, I wonder if we're aware of it this morning. &gt;&gt; She do nothing about that. It all was passing through. All of that passed through. The earth had been reclaimed. God in flesh, the spirit had left. The blood came down and identified the owner. He He took ownership of the earth once again. The head of the serpent was crushed. Paradise was emptied out. Satan was stripped. And she knew nothing about it. She's weeping. &gt;&gt; She thinks it's lost. what's happening and the angels are trying to give her another message. And the scripture says, "But Christ being come and high priest of good things to come by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building, neither by the blood of bulls and goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us. Touch me not. I've not yet ascended. Oh, what a what a a moment of drama that is taking place. What an incredible moment. She's swept into the very uh the very vortex of one of the greatest moments of history. &gt;&gt; You think the rapture is going to be any different? Going to be exactly the same. going to be exactly the same. I've mentioned this. I'm going to bring it in way early. I want to bring this in at the end of the service. I won't say we had a convention, but I'll say a convention just took place. And I won't call it a convention. I'll put it this way. There was an inspiration begin to feel led of the Holy Spirit to have a gathering of ministers and a gathering of the believers and we don't know who's going to come and we just cast it out and invite all. We feel a certain direction. I've never pondered myself any any meetings longer than I pondered these for not weeks but months and pondered and sat alone, sat in my office here, sat at home and pondered prayerfully who should participate and who would speak and all of these things. And then they begin to gather and it was as though people rose up and they're going to look after this and they'll look after that and these will look after that and someone else said I'll take responsibility. I'll be in charge. I'll oversee it and all right. It was it was like I had my personally had nothing to do and then we're caught in the event. No, we're caught you know they they have to eat after the service. There's no restaurants open. and we all caught up in that and so what do we do and sisters rose up and said well we'll make some lunches or we'll we'll go and find and we're all caught up and the brothers are going to see and we're all caught up in the thing you know with them with the women it was the spices and we got to go and we we we got to go to the tomb and we got to you know anoint them with spices and oh oh well who's who's going to move the stone away the big stone who's going to roll that away and they're all caught up in it and and they're sad and the the whole life has just gone upside down for them and they're going back and forth and they're caught up in all the details and glorious spiritual things were already taking place and passing straight through and when we were afterwards it was like a a a dawning kind of awakening. Then I have brothers that have been ministering for 35 and 40 years. Men who've been ministering the message for 30 years. And they're coming and asking asking me kind of in a not a question, but you know, how does this happen? We've had over a hundred ministers. We've had over a hundred ministers for eight and 10 and 12 days. I have never heard I never heard one sentence ah that would be just critical or sharp or someone putting forward their idea and and they they were asking me because they wanted want to know if I could give them an answer and I hadn't realized it but some had been bothering me for a very long time in this message for a very long time and I hear brother Brandham preach that especially some of his last services and come down on Pentecost that I was rejecting him and he said Pentecost you could never bring the rapture because you're too broke up you're too divided and I be smitten in my Oh god. Oh god. We have that. We have that also. This one. This one's this way. This one's got this agenda. That one's got that doctrine. This one's got that. And now it passed through. And I begin to try to assimilate. I begin trying to How did this happen? and begin to ask the Lord just in this last week or two, is it perhaps the prophet has spoken and said, declared openly, this age is the age of brotherly love? &gt;&gt; This age is the age of brotherly love. &gt;&gt; That oh God, is there something that's already passed through? Is it moved through? Has it actually happened in our own local and we were too taken up and didn't realize not only brotherly love but what comes right down to brotherly love is a capstone which is love himself which is God himself uniting with his bride. I say to you my friends in the name of the Lord you should be awakened. You should be awakened and say, "God, don't let me miss any part of this. &gt;&gt; Don't let me miss what's happening. Not what's going to happen. What's happening, what's happening now, what's taking place now." And I would challenge anybody. You tell me how a hundred ministers over a hundred who come from many different places in many different countries and have had many different doctrines that have been very precious to them and it was all laid down. It was all laid down and there was no instruction along with it. It was it was the oneness of the Holy Spirit and they were swept up into it and afterwards said this was marvelous. How did it happen? I can tell you no man engineered it. No man, no man could bring that about. I want to give glory to God in these last few minutes of this service for God's supernatural hand. I want to give acknowledgement that God, we're in the midst of something that God did &gt;&gt; and is doing. And I say, oh God, let it continue. &gt;&gt; Let this age of perfect love. We're interested in perfect faith. I'm interested in perfect love. Let the capstone cap my life. Let the capstone cap your life. Let the capstone cap this congregation and cap the bride. I got a phone call from Nigeria and left me a long voice message. Said, "We're listening to the services." This minister said, I don't know his name. I've never laid eyes on him, but he said, I I'd like to make contact. And he named two of the brothers that were ministering. He said, we've heard that service and we've heard that service. How can I contact these brothers? There was just a thirst, just a desire, the spirit of the atmosphere of the meetings coming through and going yawn yonder in many, many places. And uh I've had phone calls from brothers that very rarely if ever in many many years would call. They called and they drank. They called and said the care that you people gave for us. We feel so humbled at the care. We feel so humbled at the presence at the spirit that was with all the people and the brothers. and I felt I had to come this morning. This isn't patting you on the back. We're not here to pat anybody on the back. We're here to say, is something going through us? Is something going through? Is something divine? Is something supernatural happening? And the rapture will be exactly the same. And friends, I preached here for a lot of years. along with other brothers. Brother Lance is almost 30 years. Brother Tom is almost 30 years. Brother DJ has rose up to be a minister. Brother John Andy's brother Andy's is here and has ministered and other people have ministered for many years. And brother Tony and is coming back from China. We don't want to get caught up in those details. We've ministered for many, many years. We don't want anybody. I don't desire anybody. I wouldn't want to say it coming out of your lips. Wasn't there supposed to be this and wasn't there supposed to be that? I would like to think that we're so in tune so that the ministry would be able to say to you, "Friends, children, something's moving. We've just something's happening. It's just moving through. Where did that kind of Where did that kind of un Where did it come from? I want to ask you, what dropped on to over a hundred ministers? What dropped onto them? They're so thirsting and and just receiving from each other's spirit and back and forth and such a blending, such a glorious blending. How does it happen? How do you get a hundred preachers? &gt;&gt; I'm not talking about just people. I'm talking about preachers, men who are strong, men who can be opinionated, men who are have their own personal vision, and men who are driven, &gt;&gt; men who are burdened. And yet a moment arrived. You lived it. It passed through you. &gt;&gt; It passed through your church. It passed through the meetings. It was none less than the great almighty spirit of God. Do you hear me? &gt;&gt; It was none less than the spirit of God. While while Mary was there, that same spirit went and raised him out of the tomb &gt;&gt; and she knew nothing about it. Passed through her. I tell you, great things be happening right at this moment. Right at this moment. Where do we know? How do we know where we're at in this process of the rapture? How do we know where we're at? wouldn't want a soul. But in the sound of my voice or on the internet to ever have to say, "I thought this was I thought this I thought something else. I was trying to get myself ready. I was trying to You better stop trying." &gt;&gt; You better just get there. &gt;&gt; You better say, "Today, it's over and done. I'm finished with the world. I'm finished with Satan. I'm finished with all this unbelief. I'm finished with this doubt. I'm going to believe on where I'm at. I'm going to believe the ministry of the word. I'm going to believe what the prophet of God has said. &gt;&gt; Do I hear an amen from you? &gt;&gt; Don't get left. Don't be one of those that has to hear somebody and might be a message preacher too who's proclaimed it has to say, "You know what, folks? I think we've missed something. I don't want to be in that service. I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there. I don't want to be one that sits in a gathering said you know what few months ago I felt there was some great stir in everything but I was too engaged. I was too taken up. I was too I was too involved. And it's all through the scripture. It's all through the scripture. And then they remembered what he said. I want to at least be in tune. Oh, Holy Spirit, keep me snug right up. Holy Spirit, keep me straining at the reigns. Holy Spirit, keep me right in tune with what you're doing. What you're doing. What you're doing. not what you did do. I don't want history. I want now present now. I want a God that I can speak to. I want a God that can talk to me. Want a God that will tell me things and I want to have a heart that'll respond to it instantly. I'm just barely started the service, but I'm not going to belabor the point. I feel that the Holy Spirit has said pretty much what he's wanted to say to the congregation today. But I can tell you friends, this is very, very much very heavy on my heart. And I'm going to close, but I'm going to close with this. Mary and those disciples were going through their their time at the changing of his mask and that was the great changing his mask. God was actually changing his mask. The prophet says he never changes nature, never changes character, but he changes his mask. and he's here now to act out and we happen to be in a a little different position. I want you to notice in the unveiling of God especially in the message the unveiling of God and I have all the quotes here I don't have time and he says in the during the church ages he was son of God spirit because he had god is a spirit he so he was son of god god's a spirit so he came in the age of the new testament as the holy spirit son of god God on earth he had to be son of man prophet to fulfill the scriptures which were spoken of that time. So a god had to become flesh he became son of man prophet to live out that era. But when he changed his mask from son of man to son of god it threw the believers into a into a dilemma of trying to follow what was happening. Now children, brother Brandham says at the end of the church ages, he's been son of God during the dispensation of Holy Spirit. At the end, he has to be revealed as son of man again. So has to change his mask from son of God to son of man just in that breach because he's changing from son of man now. He has to change then to son of David. So from son of God to son of man, from son of man to son of David. And we're caught in a double action of his changing. And things I can say to you will move at a different pace and they will move more mysteriously. So, let's not get caught up in all the physical things and, you know, we've got church and we got a convention, we got this and oh, we have the internet and we have to do this, we have to do that and and things in your home and things in your life and things in your business. Fine. Keep your mind stayed upon God. Where am I at, Lord? Where are we at? What has taken place in another realm? Oh, God. Oh, when the resurrection takes place, you're not going to see floods of people walking all over the place. God might show you one because uh they can appear and disappear. when it when uh paradise was emptied out and the Old Testament saints and the prophets and the seers and the sages were walking and were seen in the streets of Jerusalem. Only a few people, Matthew is the only one that recorded it. &gt;&gt; I don't know who saw it, but only Matthew recorded it. Only believers saw it. And maybe not all believers saw it. Some saw it. Something had happened. Mary's weeping, but but but the saints are in the streets of Jerusalem. They're not weeping. Are you with me, folks? You understand what's coming out of my soul this morning. They weren't weeping. They were rejoicing. Hallelujah. Their king had come. The redeemer had come and emptied out paradise, shaking the keys of death, hell, and the grave in victory and taking them out. He said, "Who is it?" He said, "It's the seed of the woman." Ezekiel said, "Who is it?" He said, "It's the wheel within the wheel." Daniel said, "Who is it?" It's a stone cut out of the mountain without hands. &gt;&gt; Who is it? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The Lord of glory. &gt;&gt; Conquer death, hell, and the grave. No man takes my life from me. I lay it down. I take it up again. I say to you children, what's it worth? What's it worth to be involved in that? I say, oh, let me be caught up in that. Let me be enthused. Let that be my life. Let that be the focus of everything I live for. &gt;&gt; I said, "Oh God, like Apostle Paul said, don't let me be a cast off after preaching." Not he didn't I don't believe he's saying lost but don't let the thing pass by me. Don't let me be a cast off after I've preached the gospel and labored and given all this and traveled in all his mission journeys. So don't let me be a cast off. Don't let you having sat here and in the church and having the fellowship and having the wonderful communion with the saints and putting in your tithes and your offerings and supporting the mission work. Don't let it be that you just get caught up in life. Don't let you young people some say I I came to church and I heard it and I heard it. It just becomes old and stale to me. It's going to pass through you. &gt;&gt; It's not going to be an event outside of you. It's going to pass through you. &gt;&gt; You're going to be sitting right here and the rapture, &gt;&gt; the resurrection passes through. &gt;&gt; Maybe one in this church or two or three will see it. I don't know. the resurrected. But I'm going to be on my toes. I'm going to be alert. I'm going to be waiting. I'm going to be listening. I'm not going to get caught up with everything of the world. I'm going to be on my toes. Sure, we have to work. Sure, we have to pay bills. Sure, we do this. We buy and we sell and whatever more. But that's not what our life is all about. We do that for this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Ram said he's always veiled himself. Veiled himself in a pillar of fire. Vailed himself in a in a cloud. Veiled himself in the prophets. Veiled himself in the body of Jesus Christ. And after that veil was tore at Calvary and some of the people begin to wake up. Roman soldier woke up too late. Surely this is the son of God. Sorry sir, it's passed through. You should have recognized him when your friends were stabbing him &gt;&gt; in his heart. That's when you wake up. Let us wake up. Here's a brother. What What's the difference between me saying it and Brother Brandham saying, "Pinch your conscience. &gt;&gt; Let's be awake. Let's be alert. &gt;&gt; Say, here I am, Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm here. &gt;&gt; I'm here for you to speak to me. I'm here for you to pick my conscience. I'm here for you to alert me, oh God, don't let me miss a single thing that you're doing. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, send forth the Holy Spirit. You that brought forth the Lord Jesus Christ from the dead. You that revealed to Mary who he was and what he was and that he had changed his mask. And they were caught up in the vortex in the caught up in the very central part of this great movement that was happening. And here we are. Here we are, oh God. Here we are once again. We're caught up in the consummation of the ages. We're caught up at the end of the time. And I believe exactly what your prophet has declared. There'll be churches. There'll be preaching. And oh God, no doubt someone will be preaching behind this pulpit. Don't let it be me. Don't let it be any of the ministers out of here. Don't let them, oh God, be any of the part of it. Don't let anybody who's here, oh God, come in and say, "Oh Lord, I I need something special. Lord, it's going to it's something going to pass through. A rapture change of our bodies going to take place. This is your word. This is your promise. I pray, Father, that mothers will not be so caught up with motherhood and young people will not be so caught up with their studies and that men will not be so caught up with their their responsibilities of providing living that we do not have this as the number one focus of our lives. this great rapture, this great change of our bodies, this great resurrection is going to take place. We want to say, "Lord, I'm here. Here I am. Call my name. Call my name. My ears are listening. I'm ready to answer. Here I am, Lord. Send me whatever you want. Say what you would, Lord." And your servant will hear and say, "I will. I will respond to you, oh God. Whatever it might be in this hour, this tremendous hour, I'm trying to absorb, Lord, what's taken place in the last few weeks. Your spirit is moved in a very, very unusual way. And we want to build and go on from there. Father, touch hearts. And I'm asking I'm asking specifically that you will touch people in such a way that that old things that have held them back. Lord, I think of some of our youth and young people go through the same cycle as our brother Gideon Matif spoke. They need to break that cycle. They need to bring an end to it. I pray that even this morning, oh God, if anyone's caught in a cycle that say this has to end, that's the enemy that's trying to hold me back. Enemy that's trying to keep me dragged down. Break that in the name of Jesus Christ. Let that chain be broken. Let the believers call on the name of the Lord and let them say, you should rise to your feet and say, "Satan, this is the end of it. I'm done with you. I'm done with the world. I'm done with your enticements. I'm done with all of this. &gt;&gt; It's a quiet congregation. We should call on the name of the Lord. Oh God, let it be a completed work. Don't let a thing pass by, pass through me. I want to be the recipient and receive the full benefit of it in the name of Jesus Christ. In the name of Jesus Christ, all power and all hail in the name of Jesus, let angels prostrate fall. Let the power Lord Jesus that you you purchase for your bride. Let that resurrection power, let that virtue, let that revelation, oh God, sweep through every being, every single person that is in need of it at this time, oh God. And I stand against every demon of resistance. I stand against every hindering spirit that would try to keep the people, oh God, bound down and keep them from accepting and receiving what you purchased for them. Oh God, in Jesus Christ's name, let the people of God call on it. You call on it for yourself. &gt;&gt; You pray. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You do the praying. You're the one who wants deliverance. You do the praying. You call on his name. Don't wait on the preacher. &gt;&gt; Father, you do it in the name of Jesus Christ. I receive it. I accept it. God bless you, young man. I believe it. I believe this promise. I accept it. Lord, let me let me be in tune with what you're doing, oh God. [Music] Let your voice be heard. Let your soul cry out. Let desperation take place. Don't stand as it just as another service. Call out to him in the desperation of your soul. Oh God, I don't want to miss anything. I want to be in tune. Finetune me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh God, let every chain be broken, &gt;&gt; every spirit defeated &gt;&gt; in the name of Jesus Christ. This is not just another service. This is not just another Sunday morning. This is a meeting of deliverance at this moment. &gt;&gt; Maybe one, maybe two, maybe 50, I don't know &gt;&gt; for you. May the very nature of Jesus Christ come your way. &gt;&gt; May the very nature of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; come and be born. Oh God. &gt;&gt; Can you say in faith, I'm going out of this building a different person? &gt;&gt; Going out of this building free. &gt;&gt; A free man. A free woman. [Music] What an hour we're in. &gt;&gt; There's never been a day like this day to me. There's a day like this. Satan in faith. I see. Oh, that's been a light that shines so bright as this day, this glorious day. Oh, there's never been a day like this. [Music] like this day. I see there [Music] so bright [Music] glory [Music] like this message. Never like this day. I sleep and [Music] that shines so bright as this day. This glorious day. Brother, please would you come? Oh, there's a day brother. Brother Tom, Brother. [Music] [Music] Listen folks, while we're praying for this sister, I want to say to you with this Bible in my hand, don't you accept 50%. Don't you accept 75%. You walk out of here today and say whatever I I don't know what God has spoken to you, but whatever he's spoken to you, whatever he's given you faith to believe, believe it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If you haven't been free up to this time, but there's something in your spirit says I can be free, then don't you settle for anything less than absolute liberty. Amen. Absolutely. Do you haven't been able to have deliverance over something? Don't you accept a partial deliverance? Say, "I'm walking out of here delivered in the name of Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If your heart and soul is saying, "I've been immature. I've not matured in the way I should have spiritually. I've just drifted along." You want to say with your Bible in your hand, that's over. Say it in the name of Jesus Christ. That's over. I want that spirit to move through me and mature me. &gt;&gt; If natural life could mature me from a girl into a womanhood, from a boy into a manhood, then surely the Holy Spirit, the author of the Almighty God, can move through me and mature me spiritually where things that have bothered you in the past will bother you no more. I say it again. Things that bothered you in the past will bother you no more. I'm done with this childhood stuff. I'm done with this little things that trouble a believer. I'm finished with it. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the kind of church. That's the kind of church that the that the Lord Jesus Christ purchased. He purchased a delivered church. &gt;&gt; He purchased a powerful church. He purchased a church where the demonstration of the gospel is amongst them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Great things happened in brother Brandham's day. We're not living on his testimony. You're living on your own testimony. &gt;&gt; What you believe? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I believe it. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; We believe it. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. I'm not coming to church just to have a little, you know, a little social time. We're here to meet with God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When I tell you that he's here and you know that he's here and your soul is saying he's here, then don't go out of here. Don't be one that says, "I looked at Jesus, but I knew not it was Jesus." &gt;&gt; So where is he standing? right beside you. &gt;&gt; He's veiled. The same prophet said he's veiled in the body of his bride. He's veiled in human flesh again. He the same Jesus Christ. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I can't get a song off my mind. I don't want you to clap. It's a clapping song, but I don't want you to clap. I want you to be focused on the words and sing it. Behold, what manner of man is this. Hallelujah. Who stands between God in man. His eyes are as a flame of fire and his fan is in his hand. John saw him in the seven churches as the son in in glorious something. Behold, what manner of man is this? He's the Lord of glory. Who is he? He's the great I am. Who is he? He's the alpha and omega. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's in this building. He's in his people. That's thus sayeth the word of &gt;&gt; He's in you. &gt;&gt; He's in me. [Music] the raind [Music] the prison and sets the captive free. Behold, what matter of mages [Music] and the beginning and the end is wonderful. The prince of peace is the everlasting father throughout eternity. Behold, what matter of matter is this at the everlasting life [Music] and shall bring. Oh, behold, what matter of man is this? The matter of majesty. &gt;&gt; Rejoice in the Lord of glory [Music] [Applause] and the king and the wonderful prince of peace. He is the everlasting throughout etc. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] He's the same. What matter of majesty? What matter of majesty? Bas [Music] [Applause] the king and the name is wonderful the everlasting father throughout eternity. We glorify your name. [Music] everlasting father. &gt;&gt; I wonder brother Lumpsford if you would just come up as we sing the chorus one more time. You don't mind don't don't mind standing for a few more moments. Brother Lumpford just tell you of what he witnessed in the service. Hallelujah. Would you come brother? He's the Lord of the glory. He is the great high. He find [Music] the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful. [Music] The everlasting father eternity. Thank you. The Lord bless each one of you this morning here. I tell you, I didn't know where to kind of dance up here, but God is here this morning. &gt;&gt; And I if he's dealing with your heart, I might I don't want to try to preach. I just brought my Bible to show you something brother Bound done many a times and it may help you but you know we're in a late hour and time is swiftly going by. &gt;&gt; You know you're I look at brother Bisco and I we're old. I was young when I came into this message. 17 years old was the first time I was in brother Bound's meetings. I raised my family, you know, and as they go on, you think, well, if I'd have done this, if I'd have been more sincere about praying with them, if I'd have been more sincere about reading the word, you know, life just goes by so quickly, and we're going to do certain things. It's just like he's preaching here this morning. One morning, &gt;&gt; if you don't make that rapture, you're going to wake up and realize all of these things of the tribulation is coming up on you and you're going to say, "I thought there was going to be a rapture." &gt;&gt; And then they'll come back a little voice, it's already over and you didn't know it. I had the privilege. Well, let me tell you one other one first that I was in when the when the priest brought brother Brown the Bible. And this may give you and let you see how you can miss things. There was probably 5,000 people in that meeting and brother Bound was standing here at the platform like this and u he had his Bible and he was going through it and you've probably heard it on tapes. He started reading from the 17th chapter because the pages were glued together. And I was in the back of the building against the wall. And and all of a sudden, I seen this priest come walking up and he had all these crosses on him and his uh robe and everything. And as he come, he began to stand here at the side like this to brother Banner. And we couldn't hear nothing that he was saying. You couldn't hear nothing. We didn't know what was going on. I was beating a wall with my fist and I says, "Why don't somebody just get that guy and get him out of the way?" &gt;&gt; Now, this is how you can miss things. &gt;&gt; I was standing right there in that meeting. I didn't have a clue what was going on, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But I said, "Why don't they get him out of the way?" You know, and brother Brown uh later on he left that day and the next day he was in Tucson, he began to preach this day, &gt;&gt; this scripture is fulfilled. Do you realize I do today that that was one of the greatest things in this hour taking place &gt;&gt; and I didn't even know it. Matter of fact, I didn't know it the next night because we didn't go down to Tucson. I didn't know it until I heard the tape from Jeffersonville this day. this scripture and I sat there and I thought to myself &gt;&gt; how easy it is to miss God. &gt;&gt; It's very easy. &gt;&gt; But I had the privilege of my first meeting. I think it was around 1961. My wife and I wasn't married at that time, but I went over to uh you know the the Bay Area there around Los Angeles is so big. I don't know which town it was even in. And I was young I wasn't even interested in that. But uh I had heard a little uh younger in my life about brother Brown from my mother. She was in his meetings in 1942 and and through there when brother Brown came to Fris there's no tapes of it. And she had told me when I was 14 years old she says if you ever hear of a man William Brown she says you better try to get in his meetings. I forgot about it. I didn't even remember the name. And uh I' we had a pastor I began to this name, Brother Brham. Uh he never did really believe this message. He never did even follow it, but he encouraged the people to go to brother Brown's meetings because he knew they'd get healed. And uh so I when I heard him tell him about there was going to be one on the West Coast, I went over to it, me and about five other friends of mine, and we were setting back about halfway in the meeting. And there was probably 10,000 more people in this meeting. And you got to realize when you're setting back five six thousand people in front of you. Brother Bound was very uh when he came out you could hardly It was small. It was small and I remember about 15 20 minutes before the meeting everyone was bowed their heads. It got so quiet in that meeting that it scared you. I was scared because if you ever seen 10,000 people get so quiet that you could drop a pin and almost hear it. But he there was such reverence and such respect. It scared me. And when I remember the song leader began to and they asked everyone to bow their heads and they started they were singing and they bowed their heads and the next thing you know this little man was out there and he says good evening and we raised our heads and I began to look you could barely see and brother Brown began to preach. I don't remember a thing he preached because I was so excited. I remember when he came to the end of the service, he had a prayer line. He came down to this man that was in a wheelchair. He was sitting down like this and he told the man in the wheelchair. He says, "Now," he began to tell him. He told him five or six things that was wrong with him. Heart condition. Uh his kidneys was failing him. I remember some of those. And he just tells the man, he says, "Sir," he said, "you're hope so hopeless." He said, "You only got one hope." He said, "That's get up out of that wheelchair and push it out of here." Now, anybody could see that the man was couldn't hardly get up. He just help us. And brother Brown, this is one thing I noticed. He was very confident wherever he was at. He knew God was there. &gt;&gt; And he never uh he never lost control of nothing. You never seen a man like this. He just never lost control. The man didn't move. He just went right on through and the pillar of fire was moving. He says, "I want you to see it. It's right here. I raised up trying to see with all my heart. I never could see it." And I found out later that there's very few people ever seen it. I want to remind you something. The pillar of fire only appeared three times on the earth. It was once in the time of Moses, once in the time of Jesus, and it was promised in the end time. And he came in our day. And uh so brother Brown began to call this girl that had epileptics. He had called several and he came to this girl. She was back like this. And um this this girl went into one of these fits and it was the most hideous screams you ever heard. And now he says now I want the people he says I want you to bow your heads and don't look up. And uh I remember when he told us to bow our heads. I was with these other Now you got to realize we was just young people oursel and we bowed our head and we didn't know what he was doing. He was wanting so bad to see what he was doing. But he just talked to the girl and then she began to scream and and just fall down and and it just got his and he just said I I could hear him say, "Satan, come out of that woman." And pretty soon he told the people, he said, "Now you can raise your head." And so as as the people began to raise his head, this lady was standing there, the young girl in her right mind just praising the Lord. He went around to several other. There was a man that if I remember correctly, that had one foot shorter than another against the wall. The man's foot came out. Then he said, "Now the man is getting up out of the wheelchair." And this guy's legs just shot out. He got out. He pushed. There was a big center aisle probably three times as wide as this one. Went right down that auditorium. He came right down that I got out looking at him and follow him. I could not. This man came out of this chair just pushing it right down the aisle. &gt;&gt; Pushing his own chair. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's one other should I tell them about when women and my wife. &gt;&gt; Well, this was in the power of transformation. I was in several services, quite a few. I was there at harvest time, a lot of them. But on the power of transformation, it was a breakfast. And um uh that uh by the way that meeting just went hysterical after that man came. It just I mean that was the end of the meeting. You couldn't hear brother M no more because the people just went hysterical when the man went down the aisle with the chair. And I went home from that meeting telling my brothers and my dad and just about every one of them follow this message now. I told them that Bible days are here again. &gt;&gt; And I says the G I was raised in a United Pentecostal church. I had found the Lord before I ever met Brother Brown. And I says, "The Jesus that I heard so many stories about is alive. &gt;&gt; He lives. I seen him moving today in a little man." &gt;&gt; And I come home and I've never lost that testimony that he is alive. &gt;&gt; Then after me and my wife got married, we was after brother Brown preached choosing of a bride, we left California. &gt;&gt; About the week after I got up, we had prayed. My wife said, "Well, what are you praying about? You already heard. We b said we need to leave." And I said, "Well, we had been taught in the Pentecostal church to put out a fleece before the Lord. That's all I knew to do." So, we put out a fleece. You know what? The Lord answered me just like that. And I thought, "We got to move, you know." And so, I told her and she says, "Well, that's what I've been trying to tell you." So, anyway, we sold my business. I asked the Lord. I sold it the next day. had the money that night. We had a huge truck, backed up, loaded everything in the truck heading west and didn't know where we was going. And there you got Now, you got to realize there was no churches &gt;&gt; anywhere that believed this &gt;&gt; and we didn't know what we believed. I just knew that God had sent a prophet &gt;&gt; and I didn't really know what a prophet was. But later on after we got to California, I mean to Arizona, Phoenix there, we got in the power of transformation uh my we had a friend of mine that used to be my son's school teacher and he had started a church. He'd become a minister. He'd come to my house the night before this meeting, the power of transformation. You can listen to it. And um brother uh he come he started jumping on to me about the serpent seat. And I says I didn't know how to answer him. I just knew it was right. And he said, "Well, Eve said she had got a man from the Lord." And I says, "Well, I just know it's right. I don't know." And my wife said she's told me many of times and told me that night that she felt like a she just got real nervous and like a black cloud came down over. Well, we was at the Power Transformation. It was a breakfast. It was very long building, you know, probably 3,000 people or so. And we were sitting to the right of brother Brown like this. And brother Brown had an uncutting way that when you had a question, he could answer you in a crowd of people. &gt;&gt; You could not hide a thing from him. And I remember this. He about two twothirds through the min of the B through his sermon. Let me tell you this. He used to hold up a Bible like this. And I've seen him do it many of times. That's why I brought mine up here. And he says, "Now to know this," and me being Pentecost, I used to almost fall out of the chair. He said, "To know this is not eternal life." He says, "But to know the author &gt;&gt; is eternal life." And I'd go away from there and I think, "Oh, God, that's it." To know the author of the book. Well, as brother Brown uh was preaching, he turned like this and he he had a way that I don't know if any of you have heard much about it, but when he set his eyes, they were piercing. I couldn't even stand to look at him. And he went just like this where we were sitting and this minister friend was sitting right next to us. And he pointed just like this. Now he's preaching the power of transformation which is a totally different subject. And he says, "Now this about Eve saying that she's got a man from the Lord." Well, right then I realized he was sitting. I mean, I thought, "Well, he was sitting in our house the night before because he began to go in that and he talked for 10 minutes and my wife said just about the end of his talking, that cloud left off of her head." And brother Brown just goes right on back, dropped his hand, but he pointed the whole time. I I couldn't even look at him. I dropped my head. But he went right back and began to finish his sermon. The power of transformation. &gt;&gt; But I tell you, you've seen something in this day. And what we need to do is is not just profess a Christian life, &gt;&gt; but we got to live it. &gt;&gt; And your very actions &gt;&gt; shows what's in here. &gt;&gt; We must live it. And it's not it's not a question of whether we want to or don't. If you don't, it's just what our brother's saying because the Lord has laid that upon my heart years ago. I determine I want to be a part of that rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm willing to lay down anything in my life &gt;&gt; if God will grant me the privilege to be one of those. We love him. He's alive, isn't he? Real. Brother Tom, would you come and dismiss us in prayer, please? Wonderful, wonderful Savior. Lord, we're so thankful for the moving of your word. Lord, as men of old were moved of the Holy Ghost, it was the breath of God that was inspiring them. So Lord, we're willing to hoist the sails of our own souls this morning and say, "Oh, moving of God, spirit of God, breathe upon us. Lord, move us into this glorious promise that we've anchored many years ago." And Lord, we got something beating within called a seed of representation. Lord, we don't want to learn it, but we want to see it by what is happening. So Lord, we've heard the word. were stirred now. Lord God, may we walk in it, Lord, desiring that our eyes will see your glory, Lord, that we would not miss the moving of God. Bless your servant. Bless your people. And may the spirit of God lead us into the perfect will of Christ. We love you and ask Lord you go with us now in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. You are blessed. &gt;&gt; Hope you can hold it all. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
