################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-13 - 13 0113M Seeing The Removal of Those Things-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2013-01-13
Title:    13 0113M  Seeing The Removal of Those Things:-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rFOpdYpOQU
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] There's a fountain. Oh, there's a fountain that is flowing. Oh, from a place [Music] called Calary. And there is healing in it. And there is joy and victory. Oh, have you been beneath the mountain? Oh, there's no other place to go. Oh, flowing down from Calary mountain. It will wash you white as snow other waters and other waters will be bitter. Oh, they just can not satisfy. Oh, but this mountain it goes forever and in never never shall cry [Music] the mountain for There's no one place [Music] down [Music] white as snow. Oh, have you been? And [Music] the mountain there going down [Music] you my soul. Hallelujah. Amen. David, want to greet you all in the name of our Lord Jesus. We just I have a lot of ring and reverber here, brother Ben, if we can get that down just a little bit. We've been discussing, brother John was speaking on Friday night at Young Peoples as we've been going through the seals and now in preparation for the winter camp, just having a greater consecration and taking this next month and just really setting ourselves aside in preparation for the meetings with our brother Aaron. And I think that's just a wonderful thing that we can do, but also for this morning and for this evening. I believe God has in mind for every service and that it's just going to be adding stone upon stone all the way up to the winter camp. We don't have to wait for winter camp. Amen. I think we should get to winter camp just at the absolute pinnacle of our experience and God can just add upon that when we get there. Amen. So why don't we stand? Let's just prepare our hearts this morning. Let's sing all to Jesus I surrender. All to him I freely give. And when brother Andrew took a little part of the young people's service on Friday and he was speaking about how he was moved when he was going through the third seal and it was speaking on how the Catholic Church was charging for the prayers of the saints but then at the end of Revelations how Jesus was saying how he gives freely and I'm thankful that he said that whosoever could would come can drink of the waters of life freely. So let's give of ourselves freely this morning as he's given to us. Amen. Let's just surrender everything we have this morning as we sing it. Amen. All to Jesus I surrender. All to him I freely give. Oh, I will ever love and trust in him daily. Oh, and I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all [Music] to thee my blessed savior all second verse. Oh, and all to Jesus. Surrender as humbly as his sweet I love and worldly pleasure. All forsake and save. King Jesus save me now as I re all. Oh yes, I surrender all. Oh, and all to thee. I'm my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Verse three. Oh, and all to Jesus I surrender faith. Be savior. letting spirit is the Holy Spirit [Music] at the heart of God. Oh, I surrender. I surrender all. I surrender. I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed Savior. I surrender all. Verse four. Oh, and all to Jesus. I surrender. Lord, I give I give myself to thee. or seal me with thy love and power and let thy have mercy fall on thee. I surrender all Jesus I surrender all. Oh, to me my blessed Savior. Let's sing that fourth verse once again. All to Jesus I surrender. Oh, and all to Jesus I surrender. And Lord, I give myself to thee. Lord fill me with thy love and power. Thy blessing falling. Lord I surrender all. Jesus I surrender. I surrender all. All to be divine by his savior. Surrender all Lord. I surrender all. [Music] I surrender all [Music] to my blessed Savior number 101. Brother David, Jesus be the Lord of all. Amen. Oh, and Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all. The kingom of my heart. Jesus, please sing that once again. Lord Jesus, be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all the kingom of my heart. Jesus I surrender. Oh Lord Jesus I I surrender all. Oh Jesus, I surrender all. Oh Jesus, I surrender all. The kingom of my heart. Sing that again. Jesus I surrender all. Jesus Christ forever. Jesus I [Music] Jesus I surrender all the kingom of my heart. Jesus be the [Music] Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Oh Jesus be the Lord of all the kingom. my heart [Music] and I feel the call. Oh, I hear the call you give. Lord, call on you this morning. Oh, to give our all. And his spirit is moving me to give my all. He's speaking even this morning. Now he speaks to me. Oh, and I am free. Lord, please come and save my soul. I feel the I feel Lord. I feel the I feel the call. Let it sp my all. He speaks to me. Oh, and I agree. Oh, and I feel the once again. I feel the Oh, I feel the And I can hear the [Music] when to give my all. [Music] He speaks to me. Oh, and I grab. [Music] We just want him to have his way this morning. Amen. We're going to go to prayer at this time. And it's good to have our brother John home with us. I'd like to just ask our brother John Anders if he would just come and take these prayer requests before the Lord. We had a prayer request written in for our brother Albert, the pastor of the church in Nazareth, Belgium. He was taken to the hospital this morning after he collapsed behind the pulpit. His condition is stable. Is being checked in the hospital. He is conscious and we're just asking, they're asking that we would remember him and the congregation there. And our brother John was speaking with uh brother Albert just over the iPad this morning in the in the pastor's study and uh he looked and sounded well but as we heard more details they they didn't even find a pulse on him after he had collapsed behind the pulpit as the congregation just began to pray for him. Amen. He was revived and we thank God for sparing our brother Albert. We just ask that he would be granted a full recovery and that God would bless him in the congregation during this time. And also our brother Jeff and sister Aubrey Hoffer are just asking prayer for their son Ryan as he is in surgery this morning having his appendix taken out. Just asking that God would touch him and grant him a swift recovery. Amen. If there's something on your heart that you just like to remember before the Lord, you let it be known with an upraised hand as our brother John would come. Amen. Thank you, brother John. Amen. Heavenly Father, we lift up our hands and our hearts. God, just wanting your presence to soak down into the inside of our souls. We want to approach you with thanksgiving and with love, Lord. Want to thank you for your amazing grace. We lift up our voices and the hallelujah's ring today. the glories to God, the praises, the thanksgivings to be all throughout this service, Lord, of what you've done for us, the redeeming power of God to break open the seals in our lives and release to us your life and your presence. We want to say thank you today, Lord. is even a few hours ago our brother Albert Lord ministering there in Belgium collapsing behind the pulpit not having a pulse but to know that there was believers and saints of the living God could bring their pastor Lord back to life and he could be serving you even tonight Lord and we could speak to him and brother David Ierson and the church we just hold them up right now Lord as as the congregation Lord as they hold up one another Lord that could happen to us Lord Lord, that could happen to any of us, Lord. Our lives are so fragile. As our brother Timothy spoke, Lord, human weaknesses, Lord. We all have them, Lord. But we're so thankful for the power of the cross. So thankful for the power of the blood that brother Tom spoke about. Lord, it just seems like no matter what our needs are, your word is meeting the need of the hour. Even beforehand, Lord Jesus. And we want to confess, Lord, that your word has met the end time conditions. And we've brought our families together, our brothers and our sisters, our children are here under the sound of the gospel. We want to give respect, Lord, to the presence of God, Lord. And we come humbling ourselves. We come bowing our heads and lifting our hands as our brother Ryan has led us in worship, in surrender, in surrender. Lord, don't let it just be songs out of our lips, but let it be hearts that are consecrated, hearts that are honest, hearts that are going into that private little room, Lord, and coming out well and coming out delivered, Lord. We're asking for missing limbs this year, Lord. Sons and daughters, Lord, that are out of their place, that you would bring them missing limbs back to their place. Even physically, God, you're a miracle working God. You're our strength giver, our El Shadi, Lord. And we're holding up to your bosom, Lord. Jesus Christ. Same yesterday, today, and forever flowing through this service. Ministering spirits, Lord. Angels in this meeting. Lights, streaks of light going through this room right now. Lord, let somebody reach out and touch the hem of your garment for unspoken request and hands that are lifted up. this prayer request, Lord, for this need. We just lay hands on it and pray that you would show yourself, Lord, in that family. And in that need, Lord, Lord, when we saw our brother with all this morning come into the church, what a miracle, oh God, to know that just a few days ago, he was in that hospital room and you've brought him back, Lord, and he's right here among us, Lord, with Sister Karen, God. Lord, how we ought to rejoice, God, and that miracles are happening and healings and salvation is flowing. God, bless our pastor today, Lord. Our brother Biscoll, how we love him. We love the gift in his life. He has brought us to you so many times. Lord, you have brought yourself so real to us by his ministry and by his life. And we pray once more that you would use the gift in his life. strengthen him, Lord Jesus. We believe what we're at with the closing hours of time, the closing moments, and how we need to hear your voice. Thus sayaith the Lord or keep still, Lord. So Lord, we're just keeping still right now. Just holding ourselves that you would come and minister to our lives. Every person, God, bless the offering, Lord, the the giving of our tithes and our offerings and the missions work, God, that's going around the world. just continue to multiply it, Lord. Lord, we give you this day, Lord Jesus. May the supernatural just be present here and go out, Lord, to many places as we just love you, Lord, and appreciate your appearing for answering every prayer in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Amen. You may have your seats. Once again, we just want to say God bless you. Welcome everyone into the house of the Lord this morning. Those who are joining us by way of streaming and telephone hookup, we just want to say God bless you to you as well. Amen. Why don't we sing Amazing Grace, How Sweet the Sound. If the brothers just want to prepare maybe to take the offering in a couple moments, we'll do that maybe just as we sing this song. Amazing Grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save the rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see was grace. Oh, and was praise that brought my heart to fear. Oh, and grace my fear. Oh, how precious is that grace appear the hour I first through many dangers as the deacons would come for the offering. Many danger [Music] and snare. Oh, I have already come. Oh, his praise have brought his sless far. Oh, and grace will lead me home. Amen. Brother Mark, would you come ask a blessing on the offering? Just we'll sing another verse or two as you take the offering up. Gracious heavenly father, you've done so much for us. We're so thankful for the opportunity to give some little portion back of the blessings you've poured into our lives. May we consider it worship, Lord. And as what you've given us, we give back to you. May it go forth in strength and empower and meet needs, Lord. May it call souls to the gospel and to the message of the hour. Anoint this little gift, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Lord has promised good to me. Oh, the Lord has promised good to me. Oh, his word. My hope secures [Music] and he will my shield and worship me. Oh, as long as life. Hallelujah. I love that verse. Let's sing it again. The Lord has promised good to me. For the Lord has promised good to me. Oh, his word, my hope secure. Oh, he will. My shield and my forion be as long as life endures. When we've been there 10,000 years. when we've been there 10,000 years bright shineing as the sun. Oh, we know less days to sing God's praise. And when we first speak and oh praise God, praise God. Oh, and praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. And we ask our sister Sharon, sister Courtney to come get ready to sing for us. And why don't we just sing that first verse again? Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. that save the rich like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found and I was blind, but now I see. [Music] You and to the front lines, committed to the cause. You fought the fight of faith. You truly gave your all. And now you lie there wounded. And with a bleeding heart, you cry for help. But help it seem so far. [Music] And you wonder where the other solders are. [Music] I am coming for you wounded soldier. I will gently carry you upon my shoulders. I will give you time to men till you can fight again. There is no need to fear. I am right here. Wounded soldier. Well, sometimes the greatest battles are fought within your soul and no one sees your struggles cuz you won't let them show. You're the walking wounded pretending to be strong. But deep inside you're barely hanging on. And it's hard to find the courage to go on. I am coming for you. Wounded soldier. I will gently carry you upon my shoulders. I will give you time to men till you can fight again. There is no need to fear. I am right here. I am coming for you wounded soldier. I will gently carry you upon my shoulder. I will give you time to men till you can fight again. No, there's no need to fear. &gt;&gt; I am right here. Wounded soldier. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Wounded soldier. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you, Sister Courtney, Sister Sharon. Just as we prepare to turn the service to our brother Bisco, why don't we sing, "Oh, what a friend who walks beside me." Amen. Are you thankful? He promised he'd never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. What an assurance. Amen. Why don't we sing this as our pastor comes? Oh, what a friend who walks beside me. To hold my hand and to safely guide me. safe in his arms. He'll always hide me. Oh, what a friend he is to me. Have you found it so? He knows the way. He knows the way. My road is winding. Oh, and he can't see around. My pathway is bending. Oh, and he'll take me through. One day is ending. [Music] Oh, what a friend [Music] he is to me. Oh, what a friend. Who wants a friend who walks beside me to hold my hand and safely guide me in his arm? He will always hide me. What a great sing He knows the way once again. Oh, he knows the way. I love him when he can see around my pathway that day and he'll take me through when day is ending. Oh, what a friend he is to thee. And thou art worthy, Lord. Thou art worthy. Oh, thou art worthy. Just in preparation for the word this morning, why don't we just sing it in worship to him? Thou art worthy oh to receive glory, all glory and honor, glory and honor and power. For thou hast created, oh for thou hast created, has all things created. Thou hast created all things. and for thy pleasure they are created. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, thou are worthy, oh Lord, thou are worthy. Oh, thou are worthy. Oh, thou art worthy to receive. Glory, all the glory and honor, glory and honor and power. For thou hast created, has all things created. Thou hast created all things. And for thy pleasure they are created [Music] and for thy pleasure I am. Let's stand. Sing it that way. I am created and thou art worthy. Oh Lord, oh and for my pleasure I was created. are worthy, oh Lord. &gt;&gt; I know we have a desire this morning to come into his presence. We just pray that he will give us access. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're coming here for the right purpose. &gt;&gt; We're gathered here at the right time and we've come, I believe, in the right atmosphere. &gt;&gt; And for thy glory, I have been created. And that's why I'm here to find out more about what your plan is for my life. Amen. I'm just going to have you join with me in prayer and then we're going to go to the word right away. Uh before we pray, we'll just uh let you know that brother John Lei and sister Marie, they sent an email and uh they sent to brother John Andes. Uh we are still in Japan and we plan to leave for Korea on Wednesday the 16th which is really Tuesday for the US. Uh John has visited that's John Lei has visited several churches spent some time with a Catholic priest named Peter and attended a couple of Catholic masses. Uh the priest even took several books and it is uh it is Sunday here in Japan and John has rented a bicycle and will try to attend uh three to four church services and an English Catholic mass today. Uh God is faithful. We are in good health. John had a one and a half hour visit with four Jehovah's Witness young people. They asked a lot of questions. Every answer John gave, they said, they said, "Show me where it is that where that is in the Bible." Which of course he did. Uh they were extremely interested. Jehovah's Witnesses have over 200,000 active members in Japan. Surely some of them are seeking the truth. John has probably handed out 4,000 tracks and several hundred message books. Continue to ask the people to pray, and that's why I'm reading this now, to pray that God will raise up a full-time translator in the Japanese language. Sister Grace and Brother John send greetings to the uh church there in Cloverdale, and brother Ed dedicated their baby winner, and that's not the name of the store. That's what they called her a winner. And so we'll just believe she's a winner. And their older daughter, Sister Rebecca, uh played the violin for about seven about seven years ago. God bless you. That's from Sister Marie and John Lei. So we'll remember them in prayer. Also, when when you leave here, don't don't do it just while we're here. Brother John prayed, but we want to take them. I'll tell you what, brother John Le is a worker. And there is one picture they sent and it's just uh there's just got to be hundreds and hundreds of bicycles all parked, you know, the way they do. So he just going down the sidewalk and and dropping a message book in every basket. &gt;&gt; There's always a way. &gt;&gt; There's always a way. You just have to think of another way. Oh, there's a basket. That's a place for a message. Amen. And you can be sure there'll be a lot of those that'll be read. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So let's just ask God's blessing upon the word and upon the ministry today. Heavenly Father, I know that prayer has already been made. Songs of worship have been sung. And truly, Lord, we we are worshiping in spirit and in truth. &gt;&gt; And we are receiving your word that you have sent in this time &gt;&gt; as truth. And that truth will reveal you for you are the truth. Hallelujah. We believe that with all of our heart, Lord. There's not much in this world that's truth, but you are truth. And you have made it very abundantly clear. You have vindicated it. You have proven it. You have made it so evident. There's no reason for us to misstep or to miss what you are doing or saying. I pray you'll help us give us insight now and anoint. I pray myself as I uh stand here at the post of duty to speak the other ministry that is here ministry that is taking place Lord in other in Seattle Tacoma Victoria the saints that are there all who are streaming I pray oh God you're will you will bless and illuminate I pray the Holy Spirit will be present as everyone uh listens and attentively I pray you'll give us what we have need of. We thank you, Father, for this time, for this beautiful day that you've given us. And that we can be gathered here in one accord. Hallelujah. And in one spirit and in one mind. And when they on the day of Pentecost were all in one accord, then suddenly there came from heaven. We pray, oh God, that suddenly is this uni unity abides with amongst us. that a suddenly a a a wind from heaven will come, oh God, and fill everyone. And may the things which we speak be pleasing to you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Uh I'll have you turn in your Bibles if you would to Luke the 17th chapter. Thank you, musicians. And I'm going to begin reading at verse 26 and then we'll have a second reading in Hebrews 12. Now, um allow me to just make a few comments before we go into the scripture this morning. Uh it it'll require some thought. you know, we we won't be able to just be here as in a in a like a preaching and rejoicing service. I want you to think real deep. Uh we're we're living in tremendous times. Are are we not? &gt;&gt; And uh we direct a lot of our thoughts, a lot of our efforts towards the young people in the youth. I want to say to all that are on the side of youth that one one one disadvantage that you have and I say it's a disadvantage is that you only can see things in a very narrow scope because that's why you go to school you go to school you go to your places of learning to find out what the accumulated knowledge is what people have learned in the past. So you'll read things in your textbooks that have been uh discovered a long time ago by people who trial and error and and then they discover something and say you know what this works. They put it in a textbook, you study it, you read it, then you learn it and you say it this works and this mathematic equation or whatever this works and this is what this is what peoples have found over the centuries uh this uh political system and whatever more these things uh some things work and some things don't work but you learn that from accumulated knowledge and uh the Bible says says uh and that's why the Bible says this uh this before our scripture reading in Joel it says tell your children tell ye your children of it and let your children tell their children &gt;&gt; and their children another generation. There was a reason for that. And in the and and God gave commandment in the in the scripture also in Deuteronomy. I'm going to just read a couple of scriptures to make my point and then we'll move forward in this in the message. But in Deuteronomy 4 and 10, God spoke to Moses and he said, Especially, especially the day that thou stoodest before the Lord thy God in Horeb, when the Lord spake unto unto me, gather me the people together, and I will make them hear my words that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth and that they may teach their children. Now the now it's important for us as parents and elder ones. You don't have to be a parent to teach the children and we teach them in more than one way. We teach them by living and we teach them by word also. And he said again in uh sixth chapter in the seventh verse. And thou shalt teach thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children. Diligently unto thy children and shalt talk about them when thou sitest in thine house. So when you're sitting in your house, you talk about it. Can you say amen? And when you walk by the way. When you go for a walk someplace by the way. and when you lie down and when thou thou riseest up. So that pretty well covers the entire scope of the day. You'll talk about these things. You'll teach them and you'll tell them to your children. &gt;&gt; Amen. And one verse that's like is also Deuteronomy 9. Thank you for standing. Uh but it's for your benefit. Deuteronomy 11 and 19. And it says, "And you shall teach them your children, speaking of them, when thou sitest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou riseest up." So God was very very conscious that these are things that we teach the children. And and why why do we teach the children? Because the children didn't have a chance to experience it. See, so they want you that heard about it, knew about it, or experienced it, one or the other, tell the children. Tell them when you're sitting down. Tell them when you're walking. Tell them when you lie down. Tell them when you rise up in the morning. In other words, these things are important because they're eternal things. And I I'll say one last thing because this is all leading into the message this morning is things that are taking place which are in the narrow scope. We say the the younger people, young families. So we experience things that are happening in the world. But someone who is older, which I am, and there's people lot much older, but they they you you see things that are taking place, but someone who's older says, "Ah, this is the result of something else. This is the consequence." So you see the consequence. A person might even see the judgment of God, but they don't know it's judgment. Judgment for what? What happened? this is a result of something but there are other people who have lived and I've lived a little bit longer and that's why we read the scripture because we see things now a prophet he will foretell something he foretells it and then on down the road and that's why the ministry is here because they study what the prophet of God said and you can as well but they have a special anointing from God to study what the prophet said and connect them together and then and then caution the people or teach the people because this is what the prophet has said this is what's going to come now this is what you're seeing &gt;&gt; and there are I'm experiencing it that's why I'm speaking this way there are times when I am able to read in the message and he's foretelling something and then I've lived perhaps long enough to actually see what he foretold come to pass and say, "Hey, I saw what it was before, &gt;&gt; and now he's screaming out against the people because of what they're doing, but I saw what it was like before that &gt;&gt; and saw what it was like and heard and see it in the message and then see the consequence or see the result of it." And people who are born and raised up under the consequence, they think this normal &gt;&gt; and I can stand here and say, "Mm- that's not normal. That is not normal. &gt;&gt; That's the result of something way back here. You say, "Well, this is just normal." I can say, "Uh, no, it's not normal. It's actually judgment. &gt;&gt; God's actually judging cuz he already foretold it here and I live back there." &gt;&gt; So, you you see my point. &gt;&gt; All right. God bless you as we read. And as it was, this is verse 26 of Luke 17. And as it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of Man. They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and the flood came and destroyed them all. Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded. But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of Man is revealed. Now, just before I go on, there's nothing wrong with eating and drinking and buying and selling, but these were specifically different. There's nothing wrong with being married and being given in marriage, but this was kind of going beyond the normal. There was something significant about it. You understand? And we'll come to it. Then we'll turn to Hebrews the 12th chapter verse 25. See that you refuse not him that speaketh. And notice the word please speaketh. For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth. This is speaking of the time of Moses. Now when God dealt and spoke with Moses, God spoke on earth. Much more shall not we escape if we turn away from him that speaketh from the heaven whose voice and the word for voice and the word for speaketh are two different words which I'll I'll describe a little later whose voice then shook the earth but now he hath promised saying yet once more I shake not the earth only but also heaven and this word uh and the reason heaven is the heaven is not just air. The prophet explains exactly why the heavens are filled with demonic forces and powers and you if you're on the internet or anything like that, you'll find all of that garbage comes out of heaven. It's locked up in heaven and God has reserved the heaven for uh the voice of God. But these things are in heaven and they are they are in a in a in another realm in another dimension which only came into being in this time. Prophet says television was here when Elijah was here. Television was here when e Adam was here. Television was here when Jesus was here. But Jesus didn't use it. &gt;&gt; Jesus never had his word digitized. &gt;&gt; Jesus never had his word on a disc. Jesus never had his word in a book. But as time went on and technology went on, then his words were on a book. Now his words are even in heaven. &gt;&gt; And the prophet said if they had this, if they had the ability or they could even capture those words and bring them back down. That's what they've said. We haven't we haven't come to that. So now his voice that shook the earth. And yet verse 27, and this word yet once more signif of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved. Isn't that wonderful? Let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear. For our God is a consuming fire. God bless you. You may have your seats. Thank you for being so patient. Now, here's a just let you get settled and have as little movement as possible, please. Here's a a brief summary of the message where I would like to go. I won't probably complete. Jesus describes in Luke 17, he describes the conditions that would exist in the end time. And because he uses very few words, I want to enlarge on that on those conditions. Paul, the first church age messenger, he describes what takes place at the sounding of the last church age messenger. And he refers Paul as a Paul as a theological genius really even though he counted everything that he learned as dung that he might win Christ but you can see he he has an incredible knowledge of the Old Testament in the scripture. So he reaches back into the Old Testament and describes how it was when Moses was hearing the word directly from God. And now remember, brother Brandham says that was the first time God started with Moses because the people said, "Don't speak to us directly anymore." It was too fearful to be in the presence of God and to hear the voice of God and and he said, "Let the people said to Moses, let God speak to you and then you come and tell us." And now a prophet in our day lets us know and the scripture bears it out. Then God didn't speak through the people direct to the people directly anymore. He spoke through a prophet. And thus from Moses forward is is the prophets declaring the word of the Lord. So Paul, he reaches into the background and brings it forward and speaks of of of how it will be that he spoke on earth. And that shook things, wouldn't they? See that you refuse not him that speaketh, whose voice then shook the earth, but it's prophesied, and it signif. I want to speak to you upon seeing the removal of those things. And I'm going to speak some from experience. There are things that are taking place in the world today which you that have been born in the season that of that happening, you wouldn't possibly know that these are what you're actually seeing is the removal of things. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to speak from personal experience. things which in my short lifetime did not exist uh years ago, not too many years ago. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; And uh and and then and then I'll go back to the message where the prophet speaks about the systems that are in place today. Political system, educational system, scientific system, all these very systems, the the justice system, the policing, all of these things. Hey, they've changed so dramatically that I can scarcely keep up with it myself. I just almost daily said, "Wow, imagine seeing that. That that that that's unheard of. That that's bizarre." &gt;&gt; And so you say, "Well, well, that's it starts to be normal." No, it's not normal. When you see, you know, 22 children blown away in a school and then another two, three in another school over here and have the prophet say that the educational system is of the devil &gt;&gt; and the devil is the author of death. &gt;&gt; And when you start to see things pull apart until until things are happening. So you say, "Well, it's some something. Let's fix the system." No, you can't fix the system because a prophet said it was done long back back here. And then I can go prior to that and say it never happened. &gt;&gt; That never happened. We never even thought of it. We never even thought of locking our car. We never thought of locking our house. We thought people who locked their house were paranoid. Why? Because you could trust people. People were real. And this wasn't this isn't in a farm. This isn't in a little town. This is in a city. I lived in a city, a small city. But and so I I don't want to get ahead of myself. So now we're still in the summary. In one way, the conditions in one way the conditions that are described uh are really terrible on one side, but on the other hand, we enjoy much of it. You have a car parked out there. I have a car parked. I'm glad that somebody drilled for oil and gas and got gas and it went through a prochemical industry and came out as gas that comes to a pump and I'm glad I can go there. I'm not happy about the price I have to pay, but I'm glad I get some gas. So, it's not fun to run out of gas. &gt;&gt; See, I hope you understand. I I I am preaching. &gt;&gt; This is scripture. There are things that we enjoy &gt;&gt; and and I'm glad I can turn the heat up and and be comfortable and be warm and be dry when it's raining &gt;&gt; and a lot of other things. And you folks are sitting there like you you're not part of this world. I know you're a part of it. And that's why I will just keep plowing ahead because it appears it appeals to us in our modern way of life. These things appeal to us and we like them. We like to go to the shopping market or to the mall and get what we need. We like that. It wasn't in existence some time ago. So, we are living in a very in the very time of the removing of those things that are made because the apostle Paul said that it will be the removing of those things that are made and are things that are being literally removed or have been removed. And we've got now the consequence of it. But unless unless it's brought to you from the scripture. Well, why would the scripture bring it to us? Oh, that's a good question. To alert us to what season you were in &gt;&gt; if these things are happening around you in your daily life and so on and so forth, it is saying to you this is the time &gt;&gt; when God has sent a special message. A message. Now we refer a message this and I I believe the message and so and so. The message is the voice of God that has been sent to you to let you know that certain things are happening &gt;&gt; or certain things are just to happen. &gt;&gt; And he said that this voice will come just before God sends judgment on the world and takes his church out of the world. Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's why we preach it behind a pulpit like this is because it's a spiritual happening. It's not just something social and political or whatever more. It's a spiritual happening and that are associated with there are other things which are associated with it because we humans are in contact with both the material and the supernatural. at least spiritual spiritual believers, born again believers. So I can attest to, as I said earlier, I can attest to the removing of these things, which until a few years ago, we didn't know anything about. For example, the medical system for the biggest part of our life. I, my wife and I, and and hey, we're not ancient, but I just want to show you how fast things are happening. I knew nothing about a waiting line or a waiting time. Now, I know you look startled. I'm not from the Stone Age. I'm telling you how fast this has happened. The medical system has come apart. I never ever dreamed I would live at a time when the richest nation on earth, America, people people can't go to the hospital because it's a $30,000 bill or a $20,000 bill. That's so bizarre to me. I have a hard time getting my head around it because it never existed. &gt;&gt; It didn't exist. a waiting line to go to a hospital say, "Well, you're on a you're on a waiting line." We went to a hospital anytime I needed to went to a hospital that you just went and checked in. &gt;&gt; The doctor just put you in. You say, "Well, when was that?" That was in my day. &gt;&gt; And so when I look at these things, I say something is being moved. &gt;&gt; I'm actually seeing something disappear. something that I experienced which was a comfort and a and a and a benefit to the family. It's gone &gt;&gt; and they have no hope of it getting better, &gt;&gt; only getting worse. the economic system. The economic system uh leaders of the world right today leaders of the world are trying to cope with the economics of the entire globe. And so now we have a global economic system. Why? Because things have things that which the prophet of God spoke about. He spoke about the gold standard in quite some depth. and and uh uh I I will I'll read a few things in in just a little a little bit, but the leaders of the world are hopelessly and helpless to bring any sense of balance to the monetary system. And so you we we will carry we'll continue to carry uh monies in our pocket. But I lived to be in uh in Brother Milco's country and he and I were there and my wife was also there and I saw the I saw the kids uh sitting on the floor playing with a shoe box and the shoe box was filled with money this way and it was stuffed full and they're playing with it and I these kids are playing. Hey, this is not very long ago. They're playing with billions of dollars. I said, "Well, you know, well, it isn't really worth anything and a whole shoe box. You couldn't buy a loaf of bread." I said, "Well, you know, could I have some of that?" I felt like a beggar a wee bit, but can I have some of that? That they peeled me off $30 billion. I stuck them in my bill folder. I thought, I'll go back and buy Vancouver. I'll buy the whole city. $30 billion. And Milo says they already took off four zeros. Already had taken off four zeros. They say, "Well, what happened?" It collapsed. &gt;&gt; It collapsed. &gt;&gt; This whole system got removed. &gt;&gt; Germany has had it. &gt;&gt; My own brother-in-law was in the in the armed services and and and there was a a person they were bringing bringing money in a wheelbarrow. to get a loaf of bread. And no, they weren't giving this person a loaf of bread for a wheelbarrow full of money of German marks, one of the strongest currencies there is today in in Europe. And my brother-in-law, who is still smoking at the time before he was converted, took out a a cigarette package and he took out one cigarette and said, "Give give her a loaf of bread." and they gave her a loaf of bread and took the cigarette. &gt;&gt; The system's not very stable. &gt;&gt; And not very long ago, not very long ago, I came to this town which later and bought a little house that became the Cloverdale Bible Way House. It was $14,750. $14,750 just when Cloverdale Bible Way started. We think we've saw things. Where does $14,000 go today? Nowhere, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I knew that you'd sit quiet, but I have a purpose in saying that. This is what Paul is talking about. It used to be that you could uh you could govern or gauge the increase of things and and and pretty well count on it. And if there was a growth of 4% or something in a person's business, that was very very nice. But you can't do that when things are bouncing all over the map and who's going to keep control of things and the price of things up and the price of things down. So the economic system is and the educational system uh uh is as is as things are moving. What about the policing and the justice system? I won't even get into it but it is it has dramatically changed dramatically changed. Wasn't very long ago in my lifetime, they took a criminal into court and had him pay a penalty. And until there's almost an uprising today, they take criminals and put them into court. And then they figure out a way to let them out. &gt;&gt; You know that's right. &gt;&gt; You know that's right. Somebody will take a man's life which is against the word of God. And we don't believe in that because our prophet said nobody has the right to take another man's life. But someone will take a man's life. I'm going to say something in a moment that you're maybe startle you. I only said it once over the pulpit before. Maybe maybe here. I can't recall, but I said at brother David McGary's church and if any of his people hear this tape, they'll know that that was the first time I said it. But to take a man's life and get six or seven years or a few years for taking a person's life and changing it dramatically or getting drunk. Now, here's what the prophet of God said. If a man becomes intoxicated, he's doing that willingly. He's doing that knowingly. And he goes and gets behind the wheel of a car and drives down the highway and kills somebody. He said, "It's first-degree murder." How did Brother Brandham die? By firstdegree murder. &gt;&gt; How did How did John the Baptist die? By firstdegree murder. Behold, the days come, says the Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor of thirst for water, but of hearing the word of the Lord. And because there's a famine of hearing the word of the Lord, not a famine of Bibles, &gt;&gt; not a famine of churches, &gt;&gt; not a famine of theological schools, but a famine of hearing the word of the Lord &gt;&gt; because only God can give access to the word of the Lord. &gt;&gt; And then when he sends the word of the Lord and proves that it's him and proves that it's a prophet, all kinds of other prophets around have no proof whatsoever. But now here's one stands there and God comes behind it and speaks from heaven. &gt;&gt; Are you understanding me? Speaks from heaven. &gt;&gt; And the reason why I would say earlier I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself but when when the scripture which we read in our scripture reading says but see that you refuse not him that speaketh. &gt;&gt; Yes. And that word speaketh is to utter words such as I am speaking right now or making a sound that you understand and and other people could hear it. And and so that is uh see that refuse not him that speaketh. But then it says uh that for if they escape not not who refused him that spake on earth much more shall not we escape if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven whose voice then shook the earth. And the voice is is more than just uttering words. It can be uttering words but it is indicating and please follow me now whose voice it has a stronger a stronger depth of meaning because it it even uh it goes to the word it goes to the word of exposing oneself. In other words, if it's God that's speaking from heaven, he is simply saying, I am going to utter in such a way that you cannot mistake that it's me. And the only way he could make it known to you that it was him is that something would have to happen. And then the prophet of God comes and says many times that preaching is not just speaking or such as I'm doing. Preaching is demonstrating the power of that word. And so when Moses came, now just bear it out. This is a study. Now when Moses came, he uttered the words. He spoke. He said, "Let my people go." Pharaoh says, "Who are you? Who am I? I'm not going to let these people go." And then the plague started to come. He's a chief trick. So his magicians came did the same thing and did the same thing and did the same thing until the serpent was Aaron's rod was cast down become a snake and the serpent took up and and magicians of Egypt theirs became snake don't ask me how and then Aaron's swallowed theirs up and and so you know God is giving him edging him along to there's something more than just Moses saying some words here there's something from heaven coming. It's the supernatural. And it was the supernatural that begin. And finally, um uh Pharaoh would even call him say, "Pray to your God that that this will stop." And so he he'd pray and it would stop. And then and then Pharaoh, he he he he wasn't prepared to change. No, I won't let the people go. Then it came to boils. And the boils were so severe upon the people from the top of their head. Boils. And then the magicians of Egypt couldn't come and stand before Moses because they were completely covered with boils. And they were in such pain they couldn't come to even try to repeat the boils. And so now things were moving and advancing to a point where man couldn't do anything. And and and God is trying to get Pharaoh. But Pharaoh's heart is comp continues to get hardened. And this also was the plan of God that he should harden his heart until until God would bring the final one, death. And then when all the animals and things died, even Moses, then Pharaoh called Moses and said, "I've sinned. I've sinned against you. I've sinned against God. Uh, and I repent and pray to God that go to your God and pray that this will change and that the death would and that things will change the hail and the locusts. Pray that these locust, they've eaten everything that my people have for food. So Moses prayed, but then the Bible says and Pharaoh hardened his heart. Says, "I won't let them go until the last plague." And the last plague. So my my my my conclusion here for you is the plague, the supernatural power of God spoke louder than the words of Moses. &gt;&gt; Understand? &gt;&gt; Say amen if you understand. So the Bible is saying now that was when a man spoke on earth and the voice was on earth and that was back in Moses time. But there will come a time and beware that you don't resist that voice &gt;&gt; when one will speak and he'll speak from heaven. &gt;&gt; And there has never been a ministry on the face of the earth where man stood in public and revealed the secret of the heart of the people and cancers and healing and the death and the dumb and the marriages and the problems and the secrets of the hearts were revealed. And one spoke from heaven &gt;&gt; by what I will call vindication. &gt;&gt; And the vindication was spoke louder, more profound, more emphatic, more clear than even the preaching of the word. So he could have preached uh a world falling apart or the token or all of these other things. But and when it came to the end and then God confirmed it, many people who had it confirmed to them still didn't believe what had been spoken. They missed the connection that the confirmation was confirming what had just been preached. &gt;&gt; And Moses finally, I mean, Pharaoh finally came to the conclusion, I've got to let his people go. That was the simple message. Let my people go. &gt;&gt; But he hardened his heart and finally when death came across the land and the food was gone and all of the the stink in the land because of all the cattle had died and all of this. Imagine someone being so proud, a leader of the great superpower of the earth at that time being so proud. I won't let them go. But in the end, it was God that spake &gt;&gt; whose voice it wasn't just the speaking of Moses. Now, it was the voice of the power or the demonstration of those words. &gt;&gt; And today, listen to me, friends. You read the books, but I'm here as a warning person this morning. What you read in those books are not just so many words. They shall come to pass. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And they are coming to pass. And there's things that are happening in the world and things happening in America especially and in other places where the gospel of this message has gone and people have been healed and have experienced the supernatural, but they've hardened their heart and become carried away &gt;&gt; with the things which the prophet of God has said we so seemingly enjoy &gt;&gt; because they appeal to our modern way of life &gt;&gt; and we seemingly enjoy them. We do enjoy them. But here's the warning. If we allow the things of this world &gt;&gt; to begin to dominate us &gt;&gt; begin to control us, &gt;&gt; the author of the of this e evil age, listen to me. The author of this evil age is going to have you worshiping him. &gt;&gt; And worshiping him is simply being obese, doing obedience to him. What would you like? Well, I would like so that you cannot go to church. I would like so that you don't worship the true God. I want to try to prevent that. So, I have devised my system so that people have to run all over the map. They have to be. They have to be. And I'm not against I'm not against jobs. Not against education. Of course not. We have to have those things. We have to have them. But you must be the master of them. They cannot be the master of you &gt;&gt; because the author of it has got things designed so that it will go contrary to the word of God. &gt;&gt; I'm ahead of myself. Is it all right? &gt;&gt; How about the economic system just for a moment? I just step back. In the Asian, African, and Latin American countries, well over 500 million people are living in what the World Bank has called absolute poverty. Every year, 15 million children die from hunger. For the price of one missile, a school full of hungry children could eat lunch every day for five years. Something's haywire. &gt;&gt; Something's haywire. We We've We've got money to fill the silos with missiles and put weapons on bombs and put them in submarines. I don't say we can fix it. I just say something's wrong. &gt;&gt; The World Health Organization estimates that onethird of the world is well-fed, one-third is underfed, and onethird is starving. Over 4 million will die this year. Throughout the 1990s, more than 100 million children will die from illness and starvation. Those 100 million deaths could be prevented for the price of 10 stealth bombers. 10 bombers. Canada right now is buying from the US a bunch of fighter jets of the latest for about $42 billion for the price of 10 stealth bomb stealth bombers or what the world spends on its military in two days. Nearly one in four people, 1.3 billion, a majority of humanity, live on less than $1 per day. While the world's 358 billionaires, have assets exceeding the combined annual incomes of countries with 45% of the world's people. It's according to UNICEF. Three billion people in the world today struggle to strive survive rather on $2 a day. Every 3.6 seconds someone dies of hunger to satisfy the world's sanitation and food requirements would only cost us one 13 billion. what the people of the United States and the European Union spend on perfume each year. &gt;&gt; You know, we're not going to go out there and fix it, but we have enough intelligence to say something's very wrong. &gt;&gt; And I want to be able to announce to you today according to the same word of God that God has promised another place. that's more real than this one &gt;&gt; where this kind of statistics don't exist anymore. &gt;&gt; Isn't it a joy to know that we won't have any preacher stand up in the land across the river? And this is not pie in the sky. This isn't some heaven or happy hunting grounds. This is a reality. &gt;&gt; This is a place. That's why you're here in church this morning, to make your way to that land. &gt;&gt; And that's why we're here. Now remember, now I want I I I I want to go back off of that. So there's abundant wealth on the earth. We're not short of that. And we talk about the scientific and the bringing more death and the religion and the systems. Now, refuse not him that speaketh. Now I I have already given you the distinction between the spoken words and the demonstration of power of God's vindicated words. I'm going to say some things that you just will have to absorb as we move along. I'm not going to preach because I don't want to lose my concentration of thought. It would be really uh unusual for us that have are seated here because you are here at least for the most part the people that I'm talking to because you've heard a message and I don't want to that word has been so uh uh abused and misused The message to me the message is that God at a certain season at a certain time send a certain vessel with certain gifts certain made a certain way almost like a mystic almost like a neurotic almost like so sensitive one that could pass into the eternal realm and stand here on earth as Jesus said even the son of man who is in heaven while he stood on the earth. You can't get me convinced that anybody standing around him understood what he was saying. He was simply saying to the people, I'm here on earth. I'm also in heaven. Uh uh I'm because he was made that way. He was born that way. I'm speaking of Jesus Christ. Brother Brandon, the last messenger was that way for a purpose. So that you who say you believe it and you who say you understand it, that you might absorb this truth, God who saw that I would be birthed at a certain time, at a certain season, uh when certain events were taking place or had taken place and were taking place, God so we conclude that God saw that I would come here at this time and this God arranged that he would He's trying to tell you and and he's got a man standing here today saying to you and so God sent you a messenger. A messenger a messenger came like if someone came in the door and said say folks the man standing up there is just telling you that I would come. Well now I'm telling you that he has come and certain scriptures that were foretold that would happen uh have already happened. And one was Jesus who said, "Now, as it was in the days of Noah, they they married they married then, they've married all through history, but not like they handle it today. They're married today, they're not married tomorrow, they're married, you know, they go down to Vegas and get a divorce and then let's get married." And and do you know that right here in British Columbia, listen close, triple triple the number of people who get married or just living together because they don't trust the marriage union. Triple. That's just as of last week. three times more people saying let's just live together because they don't have confidence in the marriage system and it is this Satan's Eden the demons of hell and Satan himself who has made a mockery of marriage which is a holy holy institution he's made a mockery of it so that people say I don't want it &gt;&gt; and here's the reason I don't want it they've made it so complicated they've made it so such a disgrace face. I don't want it. I have friends that have such a headache over it. I don't want it. And that's this age. And God knew we would be this. He sent you and I a messenger, a personal messenger. And the and the help me now. The ultimate of this messenger is to tell you and I to renew again the promise that God, our Lord Jesus Christ, is going to select a people. And there's a people in fact is they're predestinated people. It's not just who, you know, it's not just a a wishy-washy thing. These have been predestinated. And he came to confirm you came from God. You didn't come just from mother and dad. You came from God. You did come from a seed, a human seed. But inside of you is another seed. Now, you came from the seed of your father. But there's another seed. And it's a seed of our heavenly father who he called our heavenly parent. And that seed was in you and waiting for this word. &gt;&gt; You've been waiting for this. And that's why you tried this, you tried that, tried this church, that religion, you tried all of these various things and nothing fit. Nothing worked. Nothing answered to the soul. Now, the next person right beside you, maybe they didn't have that same call. They're happy. They're happy with it all. But there's people who are not. They say there's something else. There's something deeper. There's something more real. There's something more holy. &gt;&gt; Isn't that wonderful? You couldn't be satisfied with it. That because your heavenly father put something in there that nothing else could satisfy until his messenger walked in. &gt;&gt; God came in. &gt;&gt; You remember the last message correction. God just walked in. &gt;&gt; God just walked into your life. And there isn't any man, woman, or or spirit or anything on the globe that could change the reality of what happened to you. &gt;&gt; Say, "Well, this I can't reconcile that." That might be you, but I don't have a problem with it. &gt;&gt; See, maybe I'll say something now that will help somebody. So people they get technical with the message and say well he said this here and he said this over here and and this date doesn't fit that one and so on so forth. I I remember when I was a child I was just a young person my dad and who was a really I won't say a scholar but he was a student of the message of the of the not the message but the scriptures all of his life and and and there was huge discussion over how Jesus going by the scriptures and these are men who are scholars of the word how he could be three days and three nights because from Friday to Saturday and he got up Sunday morning and and and and how did three days it doesn't seem to fit and and then the prophet comes along and I'm sitting with brother Brandham and he says well uh one place in the Bible says you shall make thou shalt make no graven image &gt;&gt; like to any likeness on earth or in heaven &gt;&gt; and then he tells them just on down the line you'll make two graven cherubams and you'll put them right over the mercy seat how do you figure that one out we don't figure it out listen the message didn't come to interpret the message. The message didn't come to make this quote fit that quote or this quote to interpret that quote. You're on the wrong You're in the wrong channel. You got to switch channels. That isn't why it came. The message came. Jesus said in the days of Noah when they're marrying giving and marriage and building and buying and economic stuff when all this is going on that's the day I will be revealed again &gt;&gt; and he sent a messenger to reveal Christ in the word the message 11200 tapes and all absolute I tell you what friends it's the revelation &gt;&gt; of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; in that message because the message reveals Jesus Christ in the Bible &gt;&gt; that and it's the it's the revelation that's perfect. &gt;&gt; It's the revelation that is perfect. Do you hear me? It's not that you get this word or that. Hey, you got people that are human. You got Moses that got angry and Moses lost his temper and whatever more. That doesn't interest me. He was God's prophet &gt;&gt; and God spoke to him and what he said came to pass and he fulfilled his part and he was sent to take a people out and did a people go out. &gt;&gt; Did they go out? &gt;&gt; Then he was a true prophet. There's a people here. Another prophet's been sent. So that a people will go out [Applause] and they shall go out. And that's why we're sitting here this morning to depart this iniquity to depart this injustice to depart this inequality of people. How can how can it it it it burdens my heart. I mean to tears almost when I think of children suffering with uh with distended stomachs and don't have food and we throw more away in the garbage. They'd love to live on your garbage. &gt;&gt; Is that not the so? &gt;&gt; Is that not so? &gt;&gt; I'm not saying anything fluffy. I'm not saying anything here to uh to have people agree with me, but I'm saying it because it happens to be truth. And I'm saying it because what you are seeing is the removal of those things that are made. &gt;&gt; That's what you're seeing. The removal of those things that are made. Now the voice is more than just a sound. It is actually an appearing and that's what I would like you to see. The voice is through the idea. And it says that they refuse not the voice. The voice is literally uh a a disclosure or making known of one's person. That's the purpose of the voice. So, I'll put it in words that you understand very clearly. What the writer which is apostle Paul here is saying, the one that spoke on earth, don't refuse him that spoke. For if they refuse him, then he said, when the earth just shook, refuse not him that speaketh the voice of him or the disclosure of him. And it goes further, the exposure to expose himself. Now, now Jesus Christ when he was here, he was veiled in flesh and they couldn't they couldn't understand him. they they didn't understand him and they crucified him and so on. But now he's going to make himself even more unveiled. He's going to speak. In other words, don't miss the vindication. Don't miss the voice that actually exposes who it is. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, you I'm I'm I'm speaking a good deal of this message to people who know and are familiar with the ministry, the prophet's ministry. That is why that is why you hear him often refer to the pe when he's speaking to the people says that's not me. &gt;&gt; What's he saying? He's saying there's someone else here. He is simply being a tool so that you will feel and you already physically people including myself experienced and perhaps you have had the opportunity while the word is being preached something so penetrates you something so uh pierces the very inner being that you know that's not just the man standing behind the pulpit. There's another person here that is penetrating me so deeply. I can never ever I can never ever deny that that is a supernatural act of almighty God. &gt;&gt; And the way to know whether it's an evil or a or a holy thing is which way it sends you. &gt;&gt; If it sends you away from God, it's not from God. if it sends you to God. Brother Brandham talks about people who are who are um astrologers, fortune tellers, etc., etc. But he says they don't preach the Bible. He didn't go out and say it doesn't work. Said some of them hit and miss and they, you know, whatever more. And I had an experience once which I'll just tell you about. there was a a a a soothsayer or a fortune teller just in the next block from where I worked. And uh so they had tried to persuade this uh young lady who was a cashier in the place where I was working and she was afraid to go because the people were coming back and saying it's it's it's incredible. she's just dead on. And uh and it's just incredible what she tells about the future. And so this uh girl said to me, she said, "Why don't you come with me?" You know, cuz she was afraid of herself, afraid to go alone. So I said, "Okay." And it just through the parking lot and another place there. And so she's sitting there and she takes a she takes the girl's hand and there's an older woman. She took this girl's hand and started telling all about her life, etc., etc. And uh so when we left, I said, "Well, how'd she do?" He said, "She said, "Oh," she said, "She wasn't right at all. The whole thing's haywire." I said, "Well, that's what that's what I told you it would be. They they don't have it." Brother Vanom didn't try to say that some of those don't tell the truth. and and there's people and then you get into the spiritual side of it into the religious side of it and where there people were uh uh uh you know I would say copying discernment and they would hit hit and miss and so on so forth. That is why and I'm bearing it down on this congregation. There has never never been a single account where that was a myth at the pulpit. &gt;&gt; Why would God do that? Why would he do it with such a profound accuracy? So that when that messenger started to take this in his hand, you would know it would have the same degree of accuracy. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so someone else rises up and say, "Well, technically this or technically that or someone else." I I haven't even got any time of the day to consider it because you have to consider who's speaking. &gt;&gt; Who's who's raising up the question? Where is their vindication? So until you have this measure of vindication and this is what I'm saying apostle Paul is saying see that you refuse not this voice &gt;&gt; don't refuse this voice which voice more than the uttered words you've got the messages in book form but the voice the profound voice of him who came from heaven and said what he's saying is the truth &gt;&gt; I'm here to back it up That's right. &gt;&gt; Are you following me? &gt;&gt; So that to me is the I have called it the more profound voice which is a more profound sound. And I gave an example from Moses time and and now. And Paul said in Romans, so then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And the message has the Lord spoken only to Moses. And in there he said to demonstrate the power to demonstrate the power of God is preaching the gospel. To demonstrate the power of God. I say here to Cloverdale Bible Way and all who listen, we must not expect just to hear preaching. We must expect to hear the voice that spoke the promise of God. If two of you shall agree in anything uh according to his will, I will do it. &gt;&gt; I will do it. &gt;&gt; Not just having to do with sickness, but having to do with many matters of life. I will do it &gt;&gt; if you agree. And it's according to the word of God, according to the promise of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. in the message exhortation in divine healing. I'm trying to watch my time and be as careful as I can. I want to be a good boy today. He said, now that's his last words. He was taken up into heaven. Go into all the world and preach the gospel. And the gospel never comes by word only &gt;&gt; but through the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; We have to be able to see that God is amongst the people. &gt;&gt; The same God. &gt;&gt; You need to believe that. &gt;&gt; I'm convinced of it. &gt;&gt; I'm absolutely convinced of it. &gt;&gt; But we need to believe it together. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the gospel never comes by word only but through the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. So it's to demonstrate the power of the Holy Spirit in our lives each one of each one of us now by the acting upon upon our faith. And now faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. We have not just heard uttered words. &gt;&gt; And that is why oh God help me and help you to receive it. That is why in this advanced stage knowing all of the technical side of uh achievement, God would put it down on tape form &gt;&gt; so that you can actually hear what it's like. You can hear the sound. You can hear the uttered words. And then you can hear God coming in behind it. &gt;&gt; And you can hear the messenger. Listen to the messenger saying, "That's not me." &gt;&gt; Then we the people saying, "Well, who is it?" He's saying, "That's Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; That's not me. That's Jesus Christ." You see, if we get that firmly, firmly entrenched. I want it to be more than uttered words. I want it to be a revelation to you. I'm pulling for young and old in this congregation that that's a revelation. This word has come from Jesus Christ. for you, brother Kyle. He said, "Don't miss it. The Holy Spirit, Christ is here." And I have to confess, &gt;&gt; I probably missed it back then &gt;&gt; because maybe too many questions or too many whatever elsees or maybe just the daily struggle of life. I can tell you when I heard this, I was just barely putting food on the table. He's saying don't miss this. The Holy Spirit Christ is here. He says now remember these two words before I leave you. &gt;&gt; The appearing of Christ and the coming of Christ are two different things. &gt;&gt; Christ is now appearing in the fullness of his power. His coming will be afterwards. &gt;&gt; 1962. &gt;&gt; His appearing before the coming. He said, "God be merciful." And I want to say in public, "Thank God he was merciful to me. &gt;&gt; Thank God he was merciful to my family. Thank God he's merciful to us here today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm rejoicing in his mercy. Amen. &gt;&gt; We've seen him appear. &gt;&gt; We've heard a more profound voice than just the utterance of words that people debate about and and and have difficulty with. I have no difficulty with the message. &gt;&gt; I have no difficulty with the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Whether he was in the grave three days or three nights or how many hours or whatever more, what I'm concerned about and I believe he arose. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He arose victorious over death, hell, and the grave. &gt;&gt; And we can preach and we can come to church and be filled with such a uh such a confirmation. &gt;&gt; Give yourself to it, friends. &gt;&gt; Give yourself to this glorious truth. See that you refuse not this voice in works as faith expressed I'm saying just in brief he says and if I haven't told you the truth these things would not happen &gt;&gt; but if I have told you the truth they bear record &gt;&gt; that I've told you the truth. &gt;&gt; He's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; I like this congregation. You've heard it so many times, but let's say it together. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let us say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We believe that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We give glory to you, Lord Jesus. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; And the manifestation of his spirit &gt;&gt; is catching away a bride. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And if I've told you the truth, &gt;&gt; and he's proven that he has, &gt;&gt; and if I've told you the proof and the manifestation of his spirit is casting away your bride, let that faith in brackets revelation. Let that faith fall into your heart that this is the hour. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Listen friends, this is the hour. My &gt;&gt; I have to hurry quickly. seeing the removal of those things. And I ask what things? And you have a reason to ask what things. The scripture tells us in Revelation 13:8, "And all that dwell upon the earth &gt;&gt; shall worship him &gt;&gt; whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world &gt;&gt; in the resume of the church ages." And I wanted you to be able to read this with me. Um, just a little further back. I'll just hold that. Just shut that off a second. Would you please? I I want to just read this for you first. Brother Brennham speaks and he's saying now now what I'm speaking on that seeing the removal of those things. So it says the false church groups will come together in a world council of churches. And this world council of churches is the image erected to the beast. And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth. And he had two horns like a lamb. And brother Brandham then begins to read Revelation 13 uh 11-8. All right. Now I want you to read this with me. Now remember it was imperial pagan Rome. I'm not leaving my subject. So just read this along with me. It was imperial pagan Rome that fell by the sword. But she was healed of her death stroke when she joined to the nominal Christian church of Rome and incorporated paganism in Christianity and thereby became the Holy Roman Empire which was to endure until Jesus came and destroyed her. But Rome is not going it alone. her daughters are right with her and she will take over absolute authority by the world council of churches. That is a prophecy. &gt;&gt; So now we say well now how does that affect me? Well just follow along now closely. He says this may seem far-fetched at that time. It may seem far-fetched to some, but actually it is very plain for all to see. I'm speaking about seeing the removal of those things. What are we seeing? He's he just talking about a great council of churches etc. for all he said it's very plain for all to see because right now the churches are controlling politics. We couldn't see that. A prophet could see that right now they are controlling politics and at the opportune time prophecy now will manifest. Exactly. How great is that control? &gt;&gt; This ecumenical move will prophecy will end up with Rome at the head even though the people did not envision it that way. And the first meeting of the how many were alive still in 1948? How many people here were alive in 1948? Raise your hands. Just we're were we're were we're were almost in extinction. That was the first meeting of the World Council of Churches. And then for the next 30 years, Rome has only been 38, 48, 58, 68, 78. So how many now have have been born before 1978? Oh, see now to you this still a messenger. He was a messenger to all of us. But now it this me he said he said this may seem far-fetched. It may appear to be far-fetched but this is how they're going to take control. And the this ecumenical move will end up with Rome at the head even though the people did not envision it that way because Rome only sent an observer in 1948. But in the next 30 years they continued to send observers more observers more observers and then they began to sit on sit on committees and on panels and on that gradually taking more control. He said it wasn't envisioned that way but that's how it will happen and that is exactly and here's a prophet telling us he's telling this for a reason and I'm coming to it in just a moment. now and with this great power the church systems will persecute the true bride. This image will try to keep you might say, "Well, I don't see this great power." And you might not actually see the persecution, but you'll feel the pressure and you'll feel and it doesn't even know where it's coming from. And maybe legislation will be pa pasted at your government level and you have no idea. You do have an idea. If you hear what a prophet of God has said, you may see laws coming into place that take away certain liberties or take away uh uh those things happening and you don't know and you haven't any control over it and how people worship and and and and h how how a church can function and how it cannot function and and uh for me, brother Brandham talks about going and visiting in the hospital. we go and slip in the hospital to someone who has called for us or someone who's in ICU and I say I'm his pastor I'm a minister of the church and these brothers can go in but when it comes to the Siri hospital for example to be one who can go freely and do visitation amongst all the people you need to belong to the you need to belong to the council of ministers the council of churches if you belong to the world council of churches is your church, a member of the World Council of Churches, then you're free to do visitation throughout the hospital. If it's not, you don't have that freedom, then you have to go and and seek that acceptance or get that. Is it making some sense to you? It it's you say, well, what is the removal of those things? It it's exactly what the prophet of God said, and this isn't something new. This has been in place for years. And so it's a restriction on the bride of Jesus Christ from being able to go and minister to these people. And maybe that person right there, that may be a person that is actually elected that's in the hospital, but now Satan has arranged things that I can't actually get in there. But nevertheless, he will not lose one of them. And God who has control over life and over all of these things will preserve that person and bring them to a place where they will hear the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; I hope this is making sense to you. Her ministers will be forbidden to give comfort and truth to the people who need it. But before the antichrist in person takes over this complete world system of churches and true church, the true church uh will be taken away from this world to be with the Lord God uh to be with the Lord. The Lord God will catch away his bride for the great marriage supper of the lamb. Now, that's fine. Now, we come just a wee bit ahead. Give me another little bit of time, will you? The World Council of Church's general secretary. Now, we're going to just take a quantum leap into something. the World Council of Church's general secretary, Reverend Dr. Samuel Kobia. And incidentally, I'm always leerary about this doctor this and Dr. That because it's degrees. And someone said they just get colder by degrees. Anyway, he said in December 209. Okay. How many are here that have been born since 209? From 209 up to 209. You're born prior to 209. Okay. &gt;&gt; So now I guess I'm speaking to most everybody and those who I'm not speaking to, they're in the cry room and that's where the mommy and the dad will have to teach them when they rise up and when they're at home and so on and so forth. So Samuel Kobia, this uh Reverend Doctor said in December 209, the endorsement, the endorsement by the patriarchs and heads of churches in Jerusalem. Oh, now we're coming home. It is called, and you could look it up if you wish. There's pages and pages and sites and sites on it. It's called the terios Palestine document. K A R O S which is a Greek word which simply means seize the moment or the moment of truth. So sees the moment. This is sees the moment document or the document of truth. It adds it says and and this WWC WCC general assembly he's the he's the general secretary of the world council of churches he has said that this document adds integrity and authority and force to the message of the document to have these caliber of men bringing it forward for endorsement by the world council of churches. He said it calls for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine land and for the boycott of Israel. This is what this document is calling for. And the Kario Palestine in December 209 prominent Palestinian Christian leaders released the Kario Palestine document called a moment of truth. And the document declares the Israel occupation of Palestine is are you listening now in 212 this from 209 36 months ago. This document calls the occupation of Palestine. In other words, the Jewish people in the land that God spoke &gt;&gt; and said, "I give it to you." Now another voice is speaking at the highest level and accepting a document which says that their occupation of this land is quote a sin against God and against humanity. It calls on churches and Christians all over the world to consider it and adopt it and to call for the boycott of Israel and that peoples all over the world shall boycott. And they said if they shall isolate Israel then it will put sufficient pressure on them to give this land back. Land that God gave them. &gt;&gt; Land which they say I cannot give it back. And they are on one side is the Neabboth and on the other side is the Ahab. &gt;&gt; And you people have had a prophet, a messenger to you &gt;&gt; that said, "These are the things that are going to happen and they will take control even though it doesn't seem like it." So what does it mean to us? Why are you saying these things? Brother Biscll, listen. This is why I'm saying it. You have witnessed and are witnessing the loosening of these things &gt;&gt; where the that many churches are caught in it because they want to be part of this world system and on the basis we want to do some good. We feel we have more influence if we're part of it. But they don't realize that they're being sucked down the abyss. &gt;&gt; And the prophet says they'll wake up and they will have already taken the mark of the beast. &gt;&gt; Cloverdale, by the way, &gt;&gt; you don't know how privileged you are to know that this message has prevented you from taking that mark. [Applause] And you that are sitting here that are young, perhaps you haven't seen the trail of this thing. I happen to live before 1948 and saw the great revival that was taking place. And if you ask me today, did you ever ever think that those people in churches that were having such an anointing and being so swept away in the supernatural would ever come to this? Never. &gt;&gt; Never could even dream that it would. Excuse me for being as as brazen as I am, but I'll tell you, there's one Satan that's much more brazen. How brazen is he? He would come even to the Lord Jesus Christ, my Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; To the one who actually allowed Lucifer to have life. &gt;&gt; For the scripture says, "All things were made by him, and without him was nothing made that is made." and that Lucifer should say to him, "Fall down and worship me." &gt;&gt; I tell you what, I have no space for that creature whatsoever. I cannot wait and I want a ringside seat when he's cast into the lake of fire. And he surely shall be. It's been created for the devil and his angels. And we are a privileged people of the earth. We're an Exodus people. &gt;&gt; Prophet has called you an Exodus people. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. people ready to move out. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Well, God bless you. I I have so much more that I have to say, well, I'll have to take it at another time. I can tell you if it wasn't for this message, where would you be? &gt;&gt; Where would we be? &gt;&gt; We'd be caught in some trap. &gt;&gt; We'd be caught in some snare. That's right. &gt;&gt; We wouldn't even know how to be baptized in the water. &gt;&gt; And and the prophet of God said that that the baptism and the trinity doctrine is what will link all of the daughters to the mother church. And that's exactly what it is. Exactly what it is. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Sin being unbelief. Born and bought by the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Let's stand to our feet, please. Thank you for your time. Father, I trust these words to the Holy Spirit, to the safekeeping of the Holy Ghost, and that you will take them and plant them, Lord, as I felt in my heart for the days that lie ahead and for the future time. and that those that have not perhaps lived the span of time that I have or observed the things that I have or your prophet has laid out so clearly. I pray you'll help us Lord to put these things together that they may rejoice that they may know God that you have watched over your heritage. You have watched over those that are yours. Father in the name of Jesus Christ, we want Satan to know that we defy him. &gt;&gt; We deny him any right. We deny him any place amongst the congregation. There may be those Lord who are not well. And this uh whole epidemic of flu which has gone around the country. In the name of Jesus Christ, you have said that we can claim our promises and we say that they are yay and amen to everyone that believeth and we believe them Lord. &gt;&gt; And I stand here victorious through Jesus Christ over the enemy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As any sick and afflicted, let them call. And just now we pray over those that may be sick and afflicted. Father, I pray that as people raise their hand and say in the name of Jesus Christ, I am free from all that this world will impose upon me, whatever it might be and in whatever form it might be for those that may be in financial distress in the name of Jesus Christ. Turn circumstances around, oh God, and let the people know they need to be diligent in these hours, wise as serpents and harmless as doves. I pray, oh God, let the Holy Spirit, you know how I prayed, how I desire that you will manifest your word to these people and in them and through them in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God I am free. Free. Free. Let's sing it together. Thank you, brother Ryan. I need you. free from this world of sin and then I want the blood Jesus and born again. Hallelujah. I save [Music] my wonderful praise. I'm glad I found out he could wake me up slowly away. For a long time I tra [Music] my heart was so heavy. [Music] Then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm glad I saw [Music] the blood Jesus for again. Oh hallelujah. [Music] I'm glad I found out [Applause] the way. [Music] &gt;&gt; Like a bird out of prison. [Music] like a blind man that God [Music] free from this world of sin. You were once in the blood of Jesus born again. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Show me the way. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Wonderful to be free, friends. &gt;&gt; We're just here for a very brief time, &gt;&gt; then we're going to be gone. &gt;&gt; We're seeking out the last one now. &gt;&gt; God bless you for your faithfulness. God bless you for your prayers and for your giving and your support and all of these things. God bless you. God bless the Sunday school. Teach them, Brother Richard. You and the teachers. God bless the school. &gt;&gt; Teach them. Teach them. Parents, teach them what this me teach them. Tell them &gt;&gt; what this message is all about. Personally, I tell you what, friends, the more I delve into it, the richer the richer it is, the more glorious it is. I urge you, I'd just like to have a whole congregation just urge you to just saturate yourself. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I like this. I'd like also to sing the great emancipator. And to all of you, I want to say don't don't just sing it as a song because someone's up here. Sing it. It's you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Like a lost lamb. I was drifting. I was wandering. You're that lost lamb and he found you. This is a time to rejoice. This is a time to say it's wonderful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Once my heart and soul was fettered, then the tom will come and close it. Bless you in prayer. My heart and soul. Yes, water and by the mighty take [Music] for the bra. [Music] He set me free. Worship him. lift him. Glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be the earth. holy name. can see the rain and the great and the song [Music] and life. Yes, I am Lord and [Music] the seeking shepherd found and he led you to my father. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. I know he's the brave master and the song. &gt;&gt; Sing it one more time. Glory, glory, glory, glory to God. Blessed be his holy name. [Music] He the great man today and the song of the redee. Hallelujah. We indeed thank you. &gt;&gt; We worship you this morning. &gt;&gt; We have heard the word. And Lord, it has found an entrance into our hearts this morning. &gt;&gt; Father, a voice of warning, &gt;&gt; a voice of comfort. Jesus, you once spoke and said there would be a time when Jerusalem would be encompassed about. That was a voice of warning, but it was a voice of comfort to the redeemable, Lord. And then Josephus comes behind and tells a world that not one that followed Jesus was caught in Titus snare. And Lord, there's not one that's going to be caught behind in this trumpet, of this revelation, of this rapture message that has come forth today. Lord, we're thankful that we have a watchman on the tower. We have a God-given ministry, Lord, that can see afar. We're thankful for a voice that has come in this generation. And Lord, all we want to do is thunder forth the very voice of God, what already has been spoken. Thankful for Brother Bisco. Thankful for a servant of Christ. We're thankful for a pastor, a shepherd that's willing, Lord, to step in the gap, stand there, and proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ. Father, we'll return tonight if it be your will. And brother John Andy's will speak, and we're so looking forward to it. You've brought him back. And Lord, with a great report, we just pray that you will use him also in a very special and wonderful way. May we return with our hearts still burning in us as you have spoken to us this morning. Go with us now under Great.
